  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad EXCLUSIVE: Heartbroken fiancée of Aaron Hernandez is seen with their four-year-old daughter for the first time since he committed suicide in prison as she leaves her mother's Connecticut home 'I'm glad this is over': What teacher who 'kidnapped' 15-year-old student told cops after sharp-eyed cabin caretaker tipped off officers and he was arrested at remote shack 2,500 miles from Tennessee Trump helps free American charity worker who was wrongly thrown in an Egyptian jail for three years Bill Gates tells how he BANNED his kids from having mobile phones until they turned 14, loves McDonald's and wears a $10 Casio watch Feds will CHARGE founder Julian Assange seven years after his site first started publishing classified information EXCLUSIVE - Richard Simmons pictured for the first time in THREE YEARS: Reclusive fitness guru returns home under a BLANKET after being 'hospitalized for indigestion'  Gayle King's is 'criticized by her CBS colleagues for joining the Obamas' on their Tahiti vacation' Killer who beat his neighbor to death becomes the first inmate to be executed in Arkansas since 2005 after turning down a last meal and giving no last words My $400 juicer is NOT a waste of money! CEO of Juicero defends the juicing 'experience' he provides after customers squeezed juice straight out of its expensive fruit packs by HAND  Family LOSES lawsuit against Petco after their ten-year-old son died when he was bitten by a rat bought from the store Road rage gunman who murdered NFL star Will Smith and wounded his wife gets 25 years in prison 'Big morale booster from a high level delegation': Former President George H.W. Bush shares a sweet snap of his son visiting him during his hospital stay for pneumonia  Tennessee sheriff admits having a threesome in a trailer with two female prison inmates, sex with prisoners in his car and office  EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez had been planning his suicide for WEEKS, gave away his belongings and soaped his cell floor before he left three notes and hanged himself 'If he killed himself, it's the only explanation': Aaron Hernandez's family claim brain damage from NFL career was factor in killer star's death  Aaron Hernandez's family could get $3.5 MILLION from the Patriots after his suicide thanks to quirk of Massachusetts law - but the families of his alleged victims want the money too Death of a cop killer: The moment French police shoot dead ISIS terrorist who killed officer and wounded two others just days before election - as it's revealed he was released from prison EARLY for trying to kill cops City under siege: Latest attack in Paris would be the SIXTH terrorist strike on the French capital in three years 'It looks like another terrorist attack. It just never ends': President Trump addresses Champs Elysees shooting as he reiterates the need to be 'strong' and 'vigilant' 'People were crying and everyone was running around': Eyewitnesses tell of terror as three policemen were gunned down on the Champs-Elysees Freed to kill more police: Isis terrorist who shot dead policeman and wounded two others on the Champs-Elysees was jailed for 20 years for trying to kill officers - but released early  'Gunshots are being fired': BBC reporter in Paris captures the moment police mistake a loud noise for gunfire and spark panic French Presidential candidate Fillon calls for election campaign to be suspended as candidates cancel events after Paris terror attack just days before France goes to the polls Cuba Gooding Jr's soul singer father is found dead and slumped over the wheel of his Jaguar after a 'suspected overdose' at the age of 72 Previous Next 'I'm glad this is over': What teacher who 'kidnapped' 15-year-old student told cops after sharp-eyed cabin caretaker tipped off officers and he was arrested at remote shack 2,500 miles from Tennessee Ted Cummins, 50, vanished with former student Elizabeth Thomas, 15, in March The pair were spotted on Wednesday by the caretaker of a cabin they were in and he alerted police They had traveled from Tennessee to northernmost California in that period After cops arrested Cummins he said he was 'glad this is over' Cummins had a pair of handguns in the cabin but he gave himself up peacefully Thomas was well, police said, and is flying back to her home overnight Cummins has been charged with state and federal sex and kidnapping crimes The federal crime alone carries a mandatory 10 year prison sentence  By James Wilkinson and Snejana Farberov For Dailymail.com and Ben Ashford Published: 01:30 EDT, 21 April 2017 | Updated: 02:43 EDT, 21 April 2017 e-mail 5 shares View comments The Tennessee ex-teacher who was arrested Wednesday morning for 'kidnapping' a 15-year-old student in March told police he was grateful that their month-and-a-half flight from justice was over. Ted Cummins, 50, of Columbia, Tennessee, walked out on his wife and kids on March 13 and began a 2,500-mile trip with his 15-year-old former student Elizabeth Thomas. They were finally tracked down to a remote cabin in California, where Cummins gave himself up after police swooped, telling them 'I'm glad this is over,' CNN reported. Scroll down for video Relieved: Ted Cummins (left) said he was 'glad' that his month-and-a-half flight from justice was over when he was arrested for allegedly kidnapping Elizabeth Thomas (right) Thursday Found: The pair were found in one of these cabins in a remote section of northern California after the shack's caretaker recognized Cummins' car. He called police on Wednesday Cummins and Thomas had successfully evaded police for a month despite a nationwide manhunt after they were seen in an Oklahoma City Walmart with dyed hair on March 15. They fled to a small cabin near Cecilville in a remote area of California near the Oregon border, far from the nation's eyes. But they didn't count on the cabin's caretaker, who was quick to recognize the pair and telephoned local police and the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) on Wednesday night.  Cummins and Thomas only spent one night in the cabin, police said, although they may have been in the area for a week before. But their solitude was interrupted early Thursday morning by Siskiyou County Sheriff's Office deputies, who had found Cummins' silver Nissan Rogue parked outside a cabin. After using the car's vehicle identification number to confirm it belonged to the ex-teacher, they formed a perimeter around the cabin and waited for Cummins to show up. When he did, they arrested him without incident. Fled: The pair fled 2,500 miles over the course of their journey, cops said. Police said they didn't know if Thomas was willing to go with Cummins, but that it didn't matter, legally Thomas was 'healthy' and 'unharmed,' police said. She was to fly back to Tennessee on a TBI jet Thursday night. Two loaded handguns were found in the cabin. Jason Whately, the attorney representing the Thomases, believes that the pair had intended to keep driving northwest Cummins faces a string of state and federal charges for his alleged cross-country kidnapping, ABC News reported He has been charged with aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor in Lawrence County, Tennessee. In Siskiyou County, California, where the cabin is located, he may be charged with kidnapping and possession of stolen property, pending review by the county's district attorney.  And the US State Attorney's Office for the Middle District of Tennessee has also filed a federal charge of transportation of a minor across state lines with intent of having criminal sexual intercourse. That charge alone has a mandatory minimum sentence of ten years in prison.  It could take several weeks for Cummins to be extradited to Tennessee, said US attorney Jack Smith. Last sighting: The pair's last sighting before the arrest was at an Oklahoma Walmart on March 15 (pictured). They had died their hair to help evade capture RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next School teacher, 56, tried to seduce a 16-year-old student Two Tennessee men try to run each other over in insane brawl Share this article Share Cummins, 50, who is married and has two daughters and grandchildren, allegedly abducted his former student on March 13 from her home near Columbia, Tennessee. The two, who were thought to be in a sexual relationship, were last spotted two days later. Their last confirmed sighting prior to the arrest was at a Walmart in Oklahoma, 700 miles away from home, after they had both dyed their hair.   Court papers filed recently in the girl's disappearance say she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. THE PAIR'S FLIGHT FROM JUSTICE January 23: Tad Cummins is spotted kissing Elizabeth Thomas, his student at Culleoka High School, by another student. He denies the claim, saying that they are friends; she is taken out of his classes February 3: Cummins is reprimanded by the school principal after Elizabeth is found to have entered his classroom for around 30 minues February 6: Cummins is suspended  c. March 9: He takes out a $4,500 loan on his car March 12: Cummins buys hair dye from Walmart in Columbia, TN March 13, 7:45am: Thomas is dropped off at Shoney's in Columbia by a friend March 13, 8am: Cummins is seen pumping gas in Columbia March 13, noon: Cummins and Elizabeth are seen together in Decatur, AL, around  70 miles from Columbia. He is fired from his job this same day March 15: Cummins and Thomas are seen buying food at a Walmart. They are sporting dyed hair. This is their last sighting for more than a month March 30: Tad Cummins' wife of 31 years, Jill, files for divorce April 19: The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) is contacted by a man who says he has seen the pair in Cecilville, California. Police converge on a remote cabin, arrest Cummins and confirm that Elizabeth is safe When asked at a press conference if she had gone willingly, Gwyn said the question 'didn't matter'. 'At the end of the day she's 15 years old, she's 15 years old, she's a young girl that's with a grown man that's 50 years old.  'He needs to be held accountable for kidnapping this girl,' he said. The cabin in which the pair was found was initially reported to be in the Black Bear Ranch commune by police, but cops later said that the cabin was only nearby, not in the ranch. Speaking to DailyMail.com Thursday, Elizabeth’s relieved mother said: 'All I want to do now is hug and kiss her.'  Kimberly Thomas, 48, feared she might never see the 15-year-old girl again after she vanished more than five weeks ago with her married teacher. 'It's only been a little over a month but to us it has felt like forever,' Thomas told DailyMail.com. 'I just lost my mother, she died of an aneurysm. She never had high blood pressure before but this was terribly stressful for her. She never got to hear her granddaughter was OK. 'As for Mr Cummins, I don't even want to think about him right now. All I can think about is my daughter and the fact she is safe.'  Elizabeth lived with her father, Anthony Thomas, because Mrs Thomas has been prevented from having contact with her because of an ongoing abuse case that is yet to go to court.  However, the mother-of-ten, who only learned her daughter had been found from a news bulletin, says she will ask her attorney to see if they can get special permission to speak.  'The justice system has been very unfair to me throughout this ordeal. Nobody has told me anything. This is my daughter we are talking about,' she added.  Speaking to reporters last month, Jill Cummins, wife of the disgraced teacher, said that she had been close to Thomas before the pair ran away.  'She would come to him with her problems,' Jill said, adding that she and her husband - whom she is now divorcing - would sometimes take her to church. 'In fact, I called her our third daughter sometimes,' Jill said.   Scorned: Jill Cummins, the wife of Tad Cummins, told ABC last week she had treated Thomas as her 'third daughter' before the pair fled. She has started divorce proceedings Read more: 'I'm glad this is over': Tenn. teacher accused of kidnapping girl arrested in Calif. - CNN.com Missing Tenn. student Elizabeth Thomas found, former teacher Tad Cummins arrested in California - ABC News Share or comment on this article e-mail 5 shares Most watched News videos Man shows 'incredible strength' to pull off one-armed push-ups Dramatic moment car smashes into four parked vehicles Terrifying footage shows moments after Paris shooting Putin reinforces his border with North Korea after rising tensions Angry woman gets escorted off plane by police 'I wish I f***ing did': Adam Johnson brags about schoolgirl CCTV footage shows parents staging baby's death on London bus Surveillance video of a passenger shoving a pilot at KCI Airport Former Patriot Aaron Hernandez found hanging in his prison cell Players in disbelief as sex noises halt tennis match Farmer gives very 'country' account of car crash and bee attack Gibbons go crazy when they discover rat inside their enclosure PICTURED: ISIS terrorist who killed an officer and... Putin sends troops to Russia's border with North Korea... EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez had been planning his suicide... Moment drug addict father-of-25 gives his girlfriend, 23,... 'Their legs are toothpicks covered with skin': Children... Lynda Bellingham's son BANS her third husband from his... Found! Cops rescue 15-year-old student from her Tennessee... EXCLUSIVE: Heartbroken fiancée of Aaron Hernandez is seen... 'I wish I'd raped schoolgirl for six years in jail':... Heartbroken Usain Bolt 'rushed to the scene' of 4am... Make way for Mama Grizzly: Sarah Palin hangs with Kid... 'Don't mess with us': Kim Jong-un threatens US with a... 'Get your mother***ing pilot ready because ain't nobody... Shocking moment car ploughs into FOUR vehicles before the... Department store chain Debenhams announces 10 shops are... Real Housewives of Cheshire star's dreams of converting... Piano tuner who found haul of coins worth £500,000... Desperate hunt for missing 11-year-old girl who vanished... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 0 Share what you think No comments have so far been submitted. Why not be the first to send us your thoughts, or debate this issue live on our message boards. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual. Your comment will be credited to your MailOnline persona. No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. The post will be credited to your MailOnline username. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today EXCLUSIVE - Richard Simmons is pictured for the first time in THREE YEARS: Reclusive fitness guru returns home under a BLANKET after being 'hospitalized for indigestion'  Something to hide? Kim Zolciak looks sheepish as she conceals her VERY swollen lips at LAX The 38-year-old's lips looked very sore Letting her clothes do the talking! Kendall Jenner makes a statement in $710 political t-shirt after staying silent on Pepsi ad fiasco Showing off that weight loss! Kim Kardashian writhes around in skimpy silver bikini for racy Snapchat video...after bragging about 'flu diet' EXCLUSIVE: Heartbroken fiancée of Aaron Hernandez is seen with their daughter for the first time since he committed suicide as she leaves her mom's home EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez had been planning his suicide for WEEKS, gave away his belongings and soaped his cell floor before he left three notes and hanged himself 'It was bizarre and weird': Kurt Russell reveals he had sex with Goldie Hawn on their first date... and the police walked in on them Extra memorable  Bill Gates tells how he BANNED his kids from having mobile phones until they turned 14, loves McDonald's and wears a $10 Casio watch Hell's Kitchen chef Paulie Giganti, 36, found dead at his home in Philadelphia Giganti competed on season 16 of Fox's cooking reality show Not exactly virginal! Kim Kardashian wears skintight sheer dress with Virgin Mary on her chest for photoshoot...after being slammed for religious-inspired Kimoji Aaron Hernandez's family could get $3.5M from the Patriots after his suicide thanks to quirk of Massachusetts law - but the families of his alleged victims want the money too 'Yikes lol': Hailey Baldwin shares selfie in black sports bra showing large red telltale cupping circles on middle back Looks painful Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa flaunts toned torso in bikini as she hits beach in Maui... after 'asking for $1million and to dump Tarek'  Cuba Gooding Jr's soul singer father is found dead in his car of a suspected overdose at the age of 72  He found dead in his car on Thursday  From America's Sexiest Man to ambassador: The male centerfold turned senator who is Donald Trump's top pick to represent the U.S. in New Zealand 'I feel very comfortable with my body!' Chris Hemsworth's wife Elsa Pataky, 40, poses TOPLESS in raunchy cover shoot for Spanish Elle magazine Just like dad! Steve Irwin's 13-year-old son and Jimmy Fallon play with baby bears and legless lizards Just like the crocodile hunter Matthew McConaughey channels his inner cowboy while wife Camila Alves stuns in black lace gown as he hosts children's charity in Texas Life imitating art! Hilary Duff gets a little light reading in before playing a book publisher on Younger   The 29-year-old stepped out on the New York set  For a good cause! Lucy Hale highlights her legs in lacy black dress with red lips to host ASPCA's After Dark cocktail party She flashed her legs at the event 'Big morale booster from a high level delegation': Former President George H.W. Bush shares a sweet snap of his son visiting him during his hospital stay for pneumonia  EXCLUSIVE: 'Maybe it's only fitting that I am treated on the show like a new version of electrolysis without painkillers.' Cait admits she sold herself out by being on KUWTK  His leading man! Bradley Cooper prepares to shoot action scene with even more handsome body double He's been dubbed the sexiest man alive Well, that's one way to get our attention! Lindsay Lohan slips into fuzzy pink BIKINI as she poses for Italian magazine She's a Mean Girl Classically chic: Sofia Vergara wows in a simple style go-to as she heads to lunch in LBD The 44-year-old stepped out in the tight dress Fashionista! Kate Bosworth defines style as she arrives at LAX in crisp cotton dress knotted at the hips She wore the long sleeves pushed up to the elbows  'Way ahead of this whole flower crown thing': Jessica Biel shares throwback snap from 7th Heaven as she makes fun of popular Coachella accessory 'Couldn't handle drinking my own blood': Katy Perry spits out Unicorn Frappuccino and posts Guy Fieri lookalike snap as she celebrates 4/20 Leggy day out! Khloe Kardashian stuns in silky blazer inspired mini dress with thigh-high boots and red Givenchy purse while leaving photo shoot Caitlyn Jenner hits out at the on Republican Party in an interview with Diane Sawyer almost two years after she came out as transgender Gayle King's is 'criticized by her CBS colleagues for joining the Obamas' on their Tahiti vacation' Her colleagues had a lot to say about her recent trip 'I'm like the sun': Ryan Phillippe fires witty comeback at fan who queries how he is 'so old and so hot' At approximately 4.6billion years of age 'Not pregnant, just bloated!': Eva Longoria gets into a bikini to deny she's having a baby after unflattering snap sparks rumors  She is 42 Caitlyn Jenner reveals she used to wear 'panties and a bra' under her business suits when she was still Bruce in new book The Secrets of My Life SPOILER ALERT: Major character killed off on ABC's Scandal in shocking storyline twist Storyline death marks the second time a key character was killed off PICTURED: Former UFC champion Ronda Rousey flashes huge engagement ring and reveals fellow fighter Travis Browne proposed in New Zealand Sail on silver girl! Karolina Kurkova flaunts her cleavage as she sparkles in sequinned jumpsuit at NYC gala Accessorized with a pendant diamond  I Am Heath Ledger will only appear in Australian cinemas for ONE WEEK after being released in the late actor's hometown of Perth on May 9 That's one way to liven things up! Elsa Pataky reveals she keeps a pet SNAKE in her and Chris Hemsworth's bedroom She lifted the lid on her hippy home life  We need sleep! Kourtney Kardashian deliriously dances in tiny shorts as she goofs around with sister Khloe at family photo shoot Goofing around All business! Rosamund Pike goes bra-less under tailored black jumpsuit with jacket-style bodice slashed to waist The pretty mother-of-two  Life on a new season! The X-Files gets another 10-episode run set to air later this year The new episodes come after 2016's well-rated six-episode run  Sheer beauty! Sara Sampaio flashes a hint of sideboob in black mini dress with see through cutout panel at LGBT benefit in NYC She is 25 Golden girl! Adriana Lima smoulders in shimmering wraparound ensemble that shows off her model figure in NYC The Brazilian beauty put her taut tummy on display Flog it like Brand Beckham! David and Brooklyn shamelessly plug their products as they celebrate Victoria's OBE at a swanky restaurant 'Immigrants are the backbone of this country': Val and Maks Chmerkovskiy reveal the struggles they faced after fleeing the Ukraine and moving to USA She said yes! West Wing alum Dulé Hill announces engagement to girlfriend Jazmyn Simon Congratulations are in order Sugar daddy! Flo Rida 'fumes at deadbeat dad court claims as he pays $5K per month to mother of sick son' He is being taken to court amidst claims he is a deadbeat father Bitter divorce: Mary J. Blige accuses ex of spending $420,000 on new girlfriend... while claiming it was business expenses He was also her manager 'This is so disrespectful': Kim Kardashian transforms into the Virgin Mary for new Kimoji (but fans aren't happy) Angered some fans Velvet crush! Jessica Hart cuts a stunning figure in crimson backless gown at New York ball At the annual ASPCA Bergh Ball in NYC Prince Harry's mental health problems were made worse by his parents' divorce, says former high court judge as he praises 'brave' admission  'She would literally get me in front of the mirror and tell me how beautiful my chocolate skin was': Kelly Rowland says Tina Knowles helped her appreciate her beauty Leggy blonde! Zoey Deutch showcases her enviable pins in thigh-grazing mini dress at premiere of Flower in NYC On the red carpet Thanks Gran! Queen's 90th birthday helps turn Peter Phillips' firm around: Company made $200,000 profit in 2016 after posting a loss in 2015  Smiling Mel B steps out with daughter Madison as ex Stephen Belafonte files new legal documents requesting equal access to their children claiming 'my kids miss me terribly' Enjoying a little PDA: Kristen Stewart and Stella Maxwell walk arm in arm in New Orleans The actress had her arm wrapped around her model partner 'There's a certain Zen to it': Chris Pratt takes cover of Men's Fitness and reveals why he likes doing own stunts He finds it 'therapeutic' doing his own stunts Woke up like this! Kylie Jenner the single girl puts on a busty display in sultry selfie after sharing an 'awkward' run-in with ex Tyga Hot Instagram post 'How you graciously get on your pool bird': Sofia Vergara struggles to mount her inflatable flamingo on Instagram She was just cast in the upcoming Emoji movie as the Flamenco Dancer From Side To Side to Down Under! Ariana Grande to tour Australia for the first time in September... as fans pay $800 to meet the US pop diva Angelic arrival! Priyanka Chopra is a vision in white at the jury welcome lunch for Tribeca Film Festival The 34-year-old looked positively angelic Bottoms up! Khloe Kardashian poses topless with a Victoria's Secret model and a Sport's Illustrated star to plug a new style from her jeans line Howard Hughes, the recluse with a roving eye: Rules Don't Apply is curious but compelling  Warren Beatty's first film this century fortuitously arrives in cinemas  'Nice and plump!' Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Marie shows off lips after getting pout done The 31-year-old reality star took to Instagram Tressed to impress: Smiling supermodel Naomi Campbell shows off her luscious locks as she attends charity cocktail party in Paris Legendary British supermodel  Effortlessly chic! Rose Byrne flaunts her trim figure in an elegant black and white ensemble ahead of her late night TV appearance English rose! Rosamund Pike steps out in stylish dusky pink  dress and black platform heels in NYC The Gone Girl star, 38, looked stylish TOM UTLEY: What today's touchy feely young royals could learn from the speech my grandfather wrote for the Queen  That's one expensive bathroom break! Amy Schumer buys a salesperson a mattress as a thank you for using a store's restroom  In a Chicago store EXCLUSIVE: 'If he killed himself, it's the only explanation.' Aaron Fernandez family suspect brain damage from NFL career was a factor to his death Comedy dream team! Adam Sandler teams up with comic heavyweights Kevin James and James Corden in youth soccer dad battle sketch Sidewalk is her runway! Lily Aldridge shows model looks in creme sweater and striped trousers in Beverly Hills She was leaving a hair salon  Leggy Cole: Smoking supermodel Lily flaunts her long pins in patterned orange dress as she takes to the stage at opening night of The Philanthropist 'Everything she says is made up': Kris Jenner insists she did NOT know about Caitlyn's gender issues before they had sex in angry rant over memoir  'By 8 you'll drive daddy's pick-up': Dwayne 'The Rock' Johnson jokingly lists his goals for daughter Jasmine in Instagram post Curves ahead! Blonde bombshell Amber Rose wears clingy dress at STD awareness event She left little to the imagination with her eye-popping Coachella ensemble 'It's an epidemic': Fabio is latest victim in spate of celebrity robberies in Los Angeles It seems the valuables of the some of the most famous denizens of LA are under attack Now you see her... now you don't! Crown Princess Mary goes incognito as she visits a historic landmark of the Cold War with the Danish Home Guard Fifty shades of great! Yolanda Hadid is chic in all-grey outfit two days after getting 'caught' in daughter Gigi's jacket The 53-year-old former model  In bloom! Kelly Rowland flashes cleavage as she wows in emerald and white kimono at Beverly Hills luncheon Destiny's Child alum Earning her fashion stripes! Karolina Kurkova steps out in brightly colored duster as she runs errands in NYC Former Victoria's Secret Angel Ready to find the one? Zac Efron has been thinking about 'settling down' as he edges closer 30... one year after split from Sami Miro Lucy Hale flashes skin in off-the-shoulder dress as she discusses Pretty Little Liars at New York event  The Pretty Little Liars actress Rob Kardashian sparks suicide fears after social media meltdown following Blac Chyna split in latest KUWTK teaser Sneaky look 'I didn't like the way I was acting': Neil Patrick Harris' husband David Burtka reveals he quit drinking for the sake of their twins  The 41-year-old actor Pamper day! Kesha sips on a smoothie as she treats herself to a salon day in West Hollywood She had visited the hair salon Ivanka is officially 'First Daughter' as White House reveals full plans for German trip where she will mourn Holocaust victims  Schedule is revealed Taking the plunge! Kate Hudson shows off cleavage in low cut black bodysuit as she celebrates her 38th birthday Eye-popping display A helping Ha(n)did! Bella assists a tumbling photographer outside Dior mascara launch in London... after gushing over 'best friend' sister Gigi 'They love him to death': Harry Styles' mum praises 'absolutely brilliant' One Direction star and his sister for looking after grandad with Parkinson's disease That's some baby bump! Ciara looks ready to pop as she shares unusual photo of her tummy while in tight black dress Reportedly due this month I still wanna have some fun, says Sheryl: Musician decides to Be Myself on breezily nonchalant new album  The All I Wanna Do hitmaker Alex Jones admits to smoking marijuana in Texas where it's illegal but says he only did it to 'test its strength' InfoWars host admitted on the stand Wednesday EXCLUSIVE: Stephen Baldwin's foreclosed home in New York is sold at public auction for only $100 - but the actor is still on the hook for $1.1 million Shine bright like a diamond! Rihanna and Hailey Baldwin pair fine statement jewelry with athleisure wear and the look is pretty priceless Looking cool Making it work (out): Jennifer Lopez uses $10k Hermes Birkin as her gym bag for sweat session in Miami with boyfriend Alex Rodriguez Mr Callow, you're needed onstage! QUENTIN LETTS sees an enjoyable but underpowered revival of The Philanthropist  The British actress and model EasyJet pay up after kicking Jo Wood off overbooked flight: Ex-wife of Rolling Stone Ronnie is given $956 compensation  Bumped off flight Jessica Simpson suits up in slinky top and tuxedo jacket for New York outing with husband... amid rumors she's pitching a family reality show 'He was shocked': Hilary Duff splits with Matthew Koma after just three months Busy schedules were to blame for the split This dress deserves a raise! Model Ashley Graham looks sensational in cleavage-baring purple number with slit up her thigh at Brooklyn event Now that's not daytime viewing! British Tv presenter Holly Willoughby and Kelly Brook lock lips during a game of Suck And Blow  Panellist show 'I felt triumphant': Bill O'Reilly accuser goes public after his Fox News firing to detail how host leered at her cleavage and called her 'hot chocolate' 'She will astonish us forever': Margot Robbie is honoured by The Wolf Of Wall Street director Martin Scorsese as she makes Time Magazine's 100 Most Influential People of 2017 list 'This girl's got pipes!': Paris Jackson bonds with Millie Bobby Brown on the set of new project... as they share Adele piano duet on Instagram Mariah Carey rocks blue bomber at Beverly Wilshire Hotel... after her son Moroccan loses his first tooth The 48-year-old R&B belter  Make way for Mama Grizzly: Sarah Palin hangs with Kid Rock and Ted Nugent at White House where she cozies up to Jared Kushner and President Trump while mocking Hillary Clinton Playboy model accuses her NBA player ex-fiance of domestic violence and says she 'fears for her safety' when he is playing in Los Angeles Mom-to-be Heidi Pratt shows off growing baby bump in pink sweater as she grabs brunch with husband Spencer Heidi, 30, is three months pregnant  What lies beneath! After Katy Perry and Kendall Jenner boldly bared their bras, FEMAIL finds the lingerie options that are too pretty to keep under wraps Oh, deer: Svelte social media stars ignite new 'Bambi Pose' trend that sees them perched on their heels with their legs curled underneath them to flaunt their figures 'Strangers say beautiful things to me': Barry Manilow reveals he's 'thrilled' by fan reaction to his sexuality as he performs on morning show Buffalo Bills' Cyrus Kouandjio is found by cops wandering in a field wearing just a T-shirt and no pants and shouting 'shoot me'  Bizarre incident He's having a FOOD baby! Dad spoofs maternity shoots with his own flowery photos in which he is pictured happily cradling his hand-painted belly 'Alcohol became my drug of choice': Facts of Life star Charlotte Rae gets candid about her battle with addiction and coping with husband's homosexuality 'It melts my heart!' Jennifer Hudson gushes over her son David, 7, singing Hallelujah Accompanied by piano, the little boy emulated his 35-year-old mother FIRST LOOK: Game Of Thrones fans brace for war as Daenerys finally lands in Westeros with eyes set on the Iron Throne in sneak peek of season seven How Hitler was nearly on the cover, Mail stories inspired the lyrics and just who was the REAL Lucy In The Sky: Secrets of Sgt Pepper 50 years on from its release Ray and the Kinks are set to become celluloid heroes! Story of how sixties icon coped with the 'mayhem of fame' to become a new film  BAZ BAMIGBOYE Zoe Kravitz covers up her blonde buzz cut with chic brunette bob wig while filming Rough Night with Ilana Glazer Worlds away from her normally bohemian style  Lily Collins reveals she had to undergo regular medical checks to ensure she lost weight safely for anorexic film role after battling eating disorders in past 'Her resolve led to the downfall of Roger Ailes': Katie Couric salutes Gretchen Carlson for taking down 'one of the most powerful men in media' John Legend praises Chrissy Teigen for being candid about postpartum depression... as he is featured on Time 100 cover Gigi Hadid sets pulses racing in a blue lace bra teamed with unzipped denim shorts as she appears in steamy throwback magazine shot Giving him the cold shoulder! La La Anthony stuns on first night out as a single woman after leaving Carmelo Anthony over 'love child' No sign of wedding ring EXCLUSIVE: Caitlyn Jenner is planning to unveil her new body after surgery in NUDE photo shoot - but not all the Kardashian clan is on board B**** better have my luggage: Rihanna laden with designer bags as she arrives in London wearing statement pink satin sliders and vintage frames  Netflix releases trailer for true crime docu-series about Baltimore nun's unsolved 1969 killing and how the church 'covered it up' 'Try living in the real world': William, Harry and Kate spark furious backlash with mental health outpourings and are accused of 'feeling sorry for themselves' Get an Eiffel of this! Henry Cavill is almost unrecognizable as he sports a thick mustache while shooting Mission: Impossible 6 with Tom Cruise in Paris Feeling flirty! Jennifer Garner giggles while out early with her kids after it's revealed she's 'ready to start dating' post Ben Affleck divorce filing Salma Hayek brings summer vibes to rainy New York in sunflower frock as she promotes How To Be A Latin Lover The 50-year-old actress dodged a downpour  BFFs forever! Taylor Swift pens heartwarming tribute to pal Ed Sheeran... as chart-topper makes Time magazine's 100 Most Influential list Here comes the second time bride: Hilaria Baldwin steps out with baby Leo in sweats after her husband Alec Baldwin popped the question AGAIN You only Liv once! Tyler stuns in flowing floral pajama co-ord suit and scarlet heels as the beautiful actress shows off her favorite fashion pieces in Tokyo 'I think about her all the time': Julia Roberts nearly breaks down in tears as she breaks silence about losing mother Betty to cancer two years ago Bill makes BANK: O'Reilly will be paid $25million on his way out of Fox News - but not the $100m disgraced star was set to earn in his new contract Who needs make-up! Beauty mogul-turned-lifestyle guru Bobbi Brown reveals how you can eat, drink, and even think your way to a beautiful appearance 'So much fun!' Real Housewives Of New York star Sonja Morgan reveals she once had a 'sloppy' fling with legendary lothario Jack Nicholson 'That's just the road map of my strength': OITNB star Danielle Brooks jokes about her stretch marks after landing on Most Beautiful list Homeland star Damian Lewis claims he is a 'minority actor' because he is privately educated and went to very posh English school Eton Interesting views 'I don't regret it at all': Bethenny Frankel defends 'soft porn' film as she comes under fire of Ramona Singer on the RHONY Appeared in 1990s flick 'I love you!' Victoria Beckham writes gushing note to husband David as she thanks him for his constant support after landing honor from Queen Elizabeth Busy Philipps smiles as she plucks a parking ticket off her windshield... after sharing embarrassing flashback photo from her childhood Pregnant Serena Williams shares new snap and declares 'with great power comes great responsibility'... after promising return to tennis in 2018 Eddie Murphy's comedian brother Charlie Murphy laid to rest at funeral attended by Dave Chappelle, Cedric the Entertainer and George Lopez Most outrageous prom look EVER? Mississippi teen causes sensation in $2,000 Kardashian-inspired jeweled jumpsuit with a train and diamante face mask It's a hard life! Kendall and Kylie Jenner reveal their childhood 'chore' was to get weekly MANICURES Kris forced them to get their nails done Khloé Kardashian reveals she refuses to have her eyebrows threaded for fear of contracting a sexual disease Told khloewithak.com Stunning model Doutzen Kroes displays her rippling abs in a series of very sexy bikinis as she rides a horse in the shallows of an idyllic beach in Cuba Hey mama! Katherine Heigl shows off svelte post-baby bod in star print frock as she promotes thriller Unforgettable Had son in January Gigi Hadid's soon-to-be stepmom Shiva Safai reveals model and Zayn Malik have a 'great relationship' Close with all three of her fiancé's kids  Vinyl-ly working together? Hunky actors Ryan Gosling and Justin Theroux lunch together in LA... and both leave with stack of records Low-key lunch Desperate measures! Married at First Sight's newest stars reveal how their frustration with endless dating failures motivated them to agree to marry total strangers Sofia Richie is chic in a floor-length kimono jacket as she steps out for lunch with mystery male friend in Beverly Hills after days of partying in Coachella Rita Ora sets pulses racing as she poses for ANOTHER saucy snap in her bra... after flaunting nipple pasties in a sheer bodysuit at Coachella Sizzling on instagram  'I lost my Golden Globe!' Tracee Ross confesses to Ellen DeGeneres that she left her prestigious award for Black-ish in the bathroom Caught in a diva moment! Reese Witherspoon wears sunglasses at 5am and uses an umbrella handler even though it's barely sprinkling in NYC 'It's lonely and isolating': After Prince Harry's 'breakdown' revelations, Kate opens up about the struggles of motherhood and battling shyness  Swedish delight! Malin Akerman looks fetching in plunging mini dress as she talks not getting 'lost' in the 'power, money and fame' of Hollywood 'I couldn't be happier': Big Little Lies author Liane Moriarty gushes over Nicole Kidman and Reese Witherspoon's portrayal in HBO series Show is huge success 'The video that started it all': Iskra Lawrence flaunts her famous curves as she celebrates milestone Instagram achievement with sexy dance     DON'T MISS Wendi Deng praises fellow 'working mom' Ivanka Trump as an example to young girls around the world as the First Daughter is named to the Time 100 list Kate Winslet looks sensational in figure-hugging black gown as she joins Julia Roberts and Penelope Cruz at exclusive Monaco dinner party Graceful Queen Mathilde displays her toned legs and trim figure in a pastel-hued dress as she arrives at a prize ceremony in Brussels 'I got a huge bed!': Celine Dion reveals she has slept with her six-year-old twins every night since her husband passed a year ago 'They are comforting me' US officials warn celebs and social media stars they are breaking the law by promoting products on Instagram without admitting they are being paid to do it  Bikini-clad April Love Geary, 22, flashes her pert posterior as she takes advantage of her final days in the Maldives with boyfriend Robin Thicke, 40 Busting for date night! Jessica Simpson puts her cleavage on show in plunging maxi dress for dinner with Eric Johnson She put her assets on display  She's back for more bickering! Kim Zolciak officially signs on for season 10 of RHOA... but NeNe Leakes has yet to seal her deal Only returning part-time Poignant photos of a four-year-old Marilyn Monroe in foster care with a little boy called Lester who she loved like a 'twin' go up for auction Selma Blair bonds with her boy Arthur in Studio City... after whirlwind trips to Michigan and French Polynesia Five-year-old playfully hid beneath her dress Blac Chyna shows off her post-baby figure on a dinner date with on-again beau Rob Kardashian... as their relationship drama plays out on KUWTK La La and Carmelo Anthony's potential divorce 'could trigger pre-nuptial agreement over $200m fortune'... as dancer claims she is pregnant with his baby Bill who? O'Reilly's name ERASED from Fox News show as Dana Perino spends only a MINUTE bidding farewell to star who only learned of his firing that day  The new king of prime time: Tucker Carlson to get O'Reilly's 8pm slot just THREE months after taking over for Megyn Kelly Rising star at Fox EXCLUSIVE - Chyna's tragic last voicemail: WWE star left message saying she was 'doing much better' less than 48 hours before she was found dead  Chest amazing! Demi Lovato slips into yet another plunging swimsuit as she shows off her curvy figure Cool For The Summer singer  Don Draper no more? Newly-single Jon Hamm reveals thinning patch as he steps out for breakfast in Los Feliz A little of what makes him so perfect Dream Girl! Jennifer Hudson shows off her fabulous figure in tiny mini-dress at Clive Davis film premiere at Tribeca Film Festival  in New York City 'This is shameful and offensive': Katy Perry is slammed for posting a picture of a Hindu goddess on Instagram Recently spoke on her Christian upbringing Spicing up her life! Duchess Kate dazzles in a red Armani suit as she prepares to meet former Spice Girl Emma Bunton with princes William and Harry Prince Edward's wife Sophie gets her hands dirty as she comes face to face with creepy crawlies as she opens a woodland education center in England 'I just can't!' Madonna shares sweet snap of her twins hugging as son David bonds with his new sister Her adopted children are her Ray Of Light Taking the plunge! Eva Longoria flaunts her sensational figure before unleashing her fearless side with daring waterfall jump on Hawaii holiday with José 'It was a choice': Food Network star Ina Garten says she didn't have kids in order to live life the way she wanted to Jointly agreed early on in their relationship JoJo Fletcher and Jordan Rodgers wear matching leather jackets as they share a kiss at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere Dressing together Lottie Moss shows off her washboard abs in an off-shoulder crop top as she steps out in London after a wild weekend at Coachella Kate Moss' model sister Did Gisele stop Tom Brady going to the White House? Supermodel posted an anti-Trump tweet on the day the president hosted her husband's team mates 'There's a baby cooking up in there!': Survivor star Caleb Reynolds announces pregnancy with wife Ashley Jay via sweet Twitter snaps Natural beauty! Makeup-free Anne Hathaway enjoys family day out with husband Adam Shulman and their son Jonathan, one, in New York Modern Family star Sofia Vergara shows off her chic sense of style in ripped jeans and a sweater as she enjoys a cheery lunch with pals in Beverly Hills Enjoy it while you can, Alexander! Swedish prince is the center of attention on his first birthday as he prepares to become a big brother  Adorable new portraits 'I was very overweight for me... it doesn't make you feel great': Ewan McGregor hated piling on the pounds for Fargo as new season opens with nude scene 'I grew up embracing Hollywood's golden era': Lily Collins channels old school glamour as she discusses her Beverly Hills childhood and new movie Rules Don't Apply  Is that supposed to be me? Naomi Watts looks stunned when she's shown an artist's rendition of her face... and it looks NOTHING like her Packing a punch! Vin Diesel larks around with his cute kids Vincent and Hania on the red carpet at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere No beer belly here! Jonah Hill shows off his newly slimmed-down physique whilst clutching a drink during a night out in New York's East Village Jennifer Lopez wows in plunging top and curve-hugging jeans as she shops in Miami... after Easter break with new boyfriend A-Rod and their children Home for the holidays! Jax Taylor and Brittany Cartwright celebrate the end of this season of Vanderpump Rules with a family vacation in Florida  Loved up Letizia! Queen of Spain cozies up to her husband King Felipe as they arrive at a literary awards ceremony in Madrid  Glamorous royal couple 'Fascinating in every way': Fixer Upper's Chip Gaines raves about wife Joanna on her 39th birthday The HGTV star posted a picture of his wife  SGot her party face on! Demi Moore wears minimal makeup but gets very animated at the Harper's Bazaar 150th Anniversary bash She is 54 'Beard life': Genetically blessed actor Chris Hemsworth gets tips on growing facial hair from country singer Zac Brown at Bluesfest Shared Instagram pic Game Of Thrones star Sophie Turner steps out for refreshments with boyfriend Joe Jonas as they return to LA after romantic Mexican getaway 'We love you so much': Rachel Bilson marks Hayden Christensen's 36th birthday as they celebrate 10 years together Former OC star Bronzed Kim Kardashian parades around in tiny nude crop top and skintight leggings... after losing 6lbs while ill Bared some skin 'Harry is a real hero': Duchess of Cambridge heaps praise on her 'brilliant' brother-in-law for speaking out about his mental health struggles Becoming a blended family! Jennifer Lopez posts heartwarming photo of daughter Emme and new boyfriend Alex Rodriguez' daughter Natasha on Instagram Hillary fan Bruce Springsteen releases anti-Trump protest song hitting out at 'conman and his crooks' Track is called That's What Makes Us Great  Tough headmistress Nicole Kidman tries to kill Colin Farrell after he seduces Kirsten Dunst and Elle Fanning in new trailer for The Beguiled New Civil War thriller Matching cleavage! Legendary supermodel Christie Brinkley, 63, and lookalike daughter Sailor, 18, flaunt model figures in contrasting outfits at NYC event Show me the money! Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa is 'asking HGTV for $1 MILLION per season' to keep her... and she wants ex Tarek 'dumped' Kendall Jenner shows lots of leg in plunging sequinned gown for Harper's Bazaar bash in New York... as her face is beamed onto the Empire State building Suki Waterhouse shows off her toned midriff in gingham maxi dress as she enjoys sunshine in West Hollywood  Bradley Cooper's ex Amy Schumer struts her stuff in black gym shorts and plunging white tank on a power walk in West Hollywood The comedienne went make-up free  Chatting with one of the Girls? Lena Dunham shows off her pert posterior in leggings as she takes phone call in LA Been working out a lot 'Oiled up': Ryan Lochte's pregnant fiance Kayla Rae Reid shows off bare bump as she applies cream to belly while wearing sports bra and panties David Hasselhoff takes girlfriend Hayley Roberts and his daughters to Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere Baywatch star was surrounded by women  What memoir? Kris Jenner is still smiling as she joins daughter Kendall at Harper's Bazaar celebration... as ex Caitlyn reveals she 'didn't enjoy sex' in book It's a Family Tie! Michael J Fox whoops with delight as he and wife Tracy Pollan watch New York Rangers level playoff series Family Ties star The photographer First Lady: Melania Trump's artsy snaps of Central Park, risque selfies and portraits of Donald and Barron before she went quiet on social media What a hunk! Game of Thrones star Jason Momoa showcases his incredible physique as he steps out shirtless while he films scenes for Aquaman  Woah baby! Serena Williams reveals she's 20 weeks pregnant with first child (and even managed Australian grand slam win during first trimester)  Sensational at 61! Model Iman flaunts her enviable curves in a stunning flared jumpsuit for Harper's Bazaar 150th Anniversary Party David Bowie's widow Netty...but nice! Famous In Love star Bella Thorne rocks fishnet body suit with crop top and pants at promo event Talked up new series 'I see him through my children everyday': Emotional Celine Dion discusses motherhood following tragic passing of husband René Angélil Died of throat cancer Passion in paradise! Eva Longoria and husband José Bastón share steamy kiss during romantic getaway in Maui Married almost a year No comment! Olivia de Havilland hasn't watched FX's Feud and objects 'in principle' to dramatising Joan Crawford and Bette Davis rivalry My, how you've changed: Elsa Pataky, 40, is barely recognizable as retro photos show the Fate Of The Furious star's transformation 'It's hard to talk about': Lea Michele reveals she almost didn't include song about Cory Monteith on her new album New album Places Javier Bardem smolders on the cover of Esquire magazine as he opens up about his marriage to Penelope Cruz Revealing tinterview Pretty in pink! Priyanka Chopra takes the plunge in cutout dress at Harper's Bazaar's 150th anniversary party Quantico star, 34, looked stunning as usual Drake 'tells authorities to DROP burglary case' after fan breaks into his $7.7million home... but only steals water and soda  No prosecution From the Palace to the party! Victoria Beckham joined by family, friends and fellow Spice Girl Mel C as she celebrates getting medal from Queen Elizabeth Sienna Miller dazzles in a low-cut monochrome dress on The Tonight Show... as she reveals jungle horror while filming The Lost City of Z Chatting to Jimmy Fallon That's a close call! Bella Hadid almost flashes her underwear as she climbs into car wearing tiny retro mini and tights following night out in London Mariah Carey 'spent $34,000 on a lavish Louis Vuitton trunk' for manager Stella Bulochnikov's birthday present  Hey big spender! 'I've never been so angry': Fuming Kris Jenner confronts ex husband Caitlyn after reading manuscript of her tell-all memoir in preview of KUWTK So in love! Gorgeous Zoe Saldana looks smitten as she cuddles husband Marco Perego at Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere in Los Angeles Purple Rain leak! The secret bonus track list for the deluxe reissue of late pop star Prince's iconic album is out ...seven weeks before its release She's a good egg! Perrie Edwards sports playful Easter bunny ears as she joins her Little Mix bandmates for raucous night out Drawing attention Newly-single Jesy Nelson flashes her ample assets in a very racy red leather bralet as she joins Leigh-Anne Pinnock for Little Mix's wild night out The Night Manager's Elizabeth Debicki shows off her slender frame in a sleek crushed gold gown as she attends the Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol 2 premiere  Specs appeal! Rihanna arrives at LAX wearing bizarre white-framed shades for flight out of Los Angeles The Love On the Brain singer  Making her swimsuit work overtime! Blac Chyna nearly busts out of plunging one-piece in glam photo... after Kardashians gang up on her Police pay a mystery visit to Richard Simmons' home just hours after he spoke out for the first time in three YEARS to say he had been hospitalized All bundled up! Sarah Jessica Parker dons two wintry coats for filming of HBO hit Divorce in NYC A quick change on set in the Big Apple Say you'll be there! Mel C beams with pride as she puts on a sartorially savvy display at Victoria Beckham's swanky OBE celebratory dinner Former Spice Girl Date night! Kurt Russell and Goldie Hawn look loved up as ever at the Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2 premiere  The 66-year-old actor and his 71-year-old love  Sylvester Stallone and wife Jennifer hit Guardians Of The Galaxy premiere with their three knockout daughters Played Rocky Balboa Ivanka Trump returns to the White House for first day back from Canadian ski getaway - after the family arrives home early in the morning Careful there! Doutzen Kroes wears a VERY daring thigh high split to the Harper's Bazaar 150th Anniversary Party Simply stylish and very sexy  Slender new mom Amanda Seyfried makes first red carpet appearance with Thomas Sadoski after giving birth last month New parents Lily Aldridge flashes flesh in gold velvet dress with asymmetric rear sash at World Of Children Hero Awards She's no stranger to showing a bit of skin Chris Pratt shares sweet kiss with Anna Faris at premiere of Guardians Of The Galaxy... after she posts shirtless snap of him preparing for big night 'I Am Heath Ledger' documentary set to premiere in the late actor's hometown of Perth ahead of one-week ONLY cinema release in Australia Casual couple! LeAnn Rimes pairs black cropped t-shirt with quirky jumpsuit for stroll through LAX with Eddie Cibrian Married six years ago  Her wild side! Sarah Paulson rocks leopard print coat at Broadway opening of The Little Foxes The People v. O.J. Simpson star  Fight for Aaron's millions: Families of Aaron Hernandez's victims go to war over his estate - including a $3.5m Patriots bonus Died on Wednesday Jennifer Garner's husband Bryan Cranston goes missing in chilling trailer for new drama Wakefield She plays Diana Wakefield Kelly Bensimon wows in sparkly magenta dress and gold belt at Food Bank fundraiser in NYC  She is a former Real Housewives of New York 'I found my husband to be at this same location two years ago!' Shanina Shaik cozies up to fiancé DJ Ruckus at Coachella's Neon Carnival  No Deliverance! Prince's new album pulled from iTunes as the late singer's estate tries to block release of previously unheard music Any shade will do! Fifty Shades Of Grey star Dakota Johnson shields eyes from the sun as she flaunts lithe figure in yoga gear Flashing the flesh Ladds night out! Charlie's Angel's star Cheryl enjoys night out at Hollywood premiere with her lookalike daughter Hitting the town Green goddess! Kate Bosworth is a serene beauty at National Geographic upfronts in New York City At Jazz at Lincoln Center in the Big Apple 'There are days where I feel completely off my rocker': Kelly Rowland reveals she meditates and prays as she juggles her family and career life  A for effort! Shay Mitchell, Ashley Benson and Lucy Hale embrace their dark style sides as they promote the final season of Pretty Little Liars New romance? Halle Berry smiles on date with mystery man... but it's all for a photo shoot The 50-year-old actress was seen wearing a large brown hat  Gabby so-leaps! Eva Longoria shows off her fab figure as she dives into the pool on Hawaiian getaway Looking beautiful on break with hubby Charlize Theron reveals she tries to never leave home for 'more than a week' due to children... and says she is like 'any other single working mom' 'Everyone f***s things up': Elizabeth Debicki opens up about the vulnerability she suffers as says she's tired of 'boring' comparisons to Cate Blanchett PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Getting steamy! Sophie Turner and Joe Jonas strip off for hot tub fun during romantic Cabo getaway after partying at Coachella  Victoria and David Beckham hid under a sheet to help him dodge the cameras as she gets her OBE from Prince William at Buckingham Palace  Settling into fatherhood! Jeff Lewis shares video of daughter Monroe... after revealing Kim Zolciak has been 'most supportive' celebrity pal Something for Miley? Liam Hemsworth cuts a casual figure in jeans and Lumberjack shirt as runs errands in Los Angeles  Had his hands full The Timberlakes take Manhattan! Justin goes incognito in black outfit as wife Jessica Biel cradles son Silas... after snapping up $27.5m pad in NYC Who's that curl? How Meghan Markle's latest flowing, curly hairstyle makes her look more like Kate than ever The similarities were striking Producer of The Hangover and We're the Millers JC Spink is found dead at his Hollywood home at the age of 45 Producer of The Hangover trilogy 'A lot of people use him to enhance their profile': Chris Brown's lawyer accuses Karrueche Tran of lying about abuse to garner more fame He's Rhianna's ex 'He was pushed to be a heartthrob': Heath Ledger's childhood friend says the late actor 'refused' to be type-cast as a Hollywood leading man  From Gaga's rainbow mani to Vanessa Hudgens' crystal-adorned look: Get inspired for your next salon visit by the coolest nail art at Coachella KATIE HOPKINS: I'm sorry but I LIKE my Royals calm, cold and ever-so-slightly-heartless - not oversharing their issues like a talk show guest  'I've never kissed another man in my life!' Celine Dion reveals it is 'definitely too soon' to start dating again following the death of her husband Night out! Leonardo DiCaprio bundles up in a black coat and trademark newsboy cap for outing with gorgeous girlfriend Nina Agdal   Romantic date night  Conjuring up some magic? Will Smith 'in talks to take on the late Robin Williams' role as the Genie' in Disney's live-action remake of Aladdin Sylvester Stallone's three daughters Sophia, 20, Sistine, 18, and Scarlet, 14, look all grown up as they cover AND guest edit Harper by Harper's BAZAAR Ricky Business! Martin prances around in tighty whities to recreate Tom Cruise's iconic dance scene for Lip Sync Battle Life's a cinch! Kim Zolciak flaunts her impossibly tiny waist in corset trainer after saying she will return to RHOA for the 'right price' Hourglass shape  Sylvester Stallone's STUNNING daughters say they were a 'mystery' before starring in first international fashion campaign 'We love him': Magic Johnson sweetly discusses his 'amazing' gay son EJ The 57-year-old NBA legend has a great father-son bond  'My FAT driver is questioning if I am healthy': Tess Holliday posts footage of an Uber driver asking about her cholesterol, as size 22 star vows to boycott  Something to write home about! Queen Letizia of Spain, 44, dazzles in a slim-fitting dress to host the country's top authors in Madrid  EXCLUSIVE: 'I hope she'll have to spend every dollar on chemo!'  Minnie Driver's bitter neighbor, 75, loses vicious legal battle to knock down wall  Graph shows Ivanka's clothing sales increased by 10,700% when Kellyanne Conway promoted her on TV - as outrage grows over China trademarks 'It would kill me': Elsa Pataky says she dreads having nude photos of herself leaked by hackers and warns fans not to keep private images on their phones 'Is this Cheryl and Liam Payne's baby?': Fans go wild with speculation after pop princess' hair stylist shares mysterious picture of infant Poppy Delevingne performs sizzling striptease in racy red lingerie as Channing Tatum and Halle Berry pop up in Kingsman: The Golden Circle teaser Today's headlines Most Read EXCLUSIVE: Heartbroken fiancée of Aaron Hernandez is seen with their four-year-old daughter for the first... 'I'm glad this is over': What teacher who 'kidnapped' 15-year-old student told cops after sharp-eyed cabin... Trump helps free American charity worker who was wrongly thrown in an Egyptian jail for three years Bill Gates tells how he BANNED his kids from having mobile phones until they turned 14, loves McDonald's and... Feds will CHARGE Wikileaks founder Julian Assange seven years after his site first started publishing... EXCLUSIVE - Richard Simmons is pictured for the first time in THREE YEARS: Reclusive fitness guru returns... Gayle King's is 'criticized by her CBS colleagues for joining the Obamas' on their Tahiti vacation' Killer who beat his neighbor to death becomes the first inmate to be executed in Arkansas since 2005 after... My $400 juicer is NOT a waste of money! CEO of Juicero defends the juicing 'experience' he provides after... Family LOSES lawsuit against Petco after their ten-year-old son died when he was bitten by a rat bought from... Road rage gunman who murdered NFL star Will Smith and wounded his wife gets 25 years in prison 'Big morale booster from a high level delegation': Former President George H.W. Bush shares a sweet snap of... Tennessee sheriff admits having a threesome in a trailer with two female prison inmates, as well as sex with... EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez had been planning his suicide for WEEKS, gave away his belongings and soaped his... 'If he killed himself, it's the only explanation': Aaron Hernandez's family suspect brain damage from NFL... Aaron Hernandez's family could get $3.5 MILLION from the Patriots after his suicide thanks to quirk of... Pictured: ISIS terrorist who killed a cop and wounded three others in AK47 Paris rampage after he was... City under siege: Latest attack in Paris would be the sixth terrorist strike on the French capital in three... Paris shooting 'looks like another terrorist attack' Trump says: 'It just never ends' 'People were crying and everyone was running around': Eyewitnesses tell of terror as three policemen were... Freed to kill more police: Isis terrorist who shot dead policeman and wounded two others on the... 'Gunshots are being fired': BBC reporter in Paris captures the moment police mistake a loud noise for... Fillon calls for presidential election campaign to be suspended as candidates cancel events after Paris... Cuba Gooding Jr's soul singer father is found dead in his car of a suspected overdose at the age of 72  UC Berkeley offers to let Ann Coulter speak in May - but she REFUSES and insists on original date amid fears... Alex Jones admits to smoking marijuana in Texas where it's illegal but says he only did it to 'test its... Hell's Kitchen chef Paulie Giganti, 36, found dead at his home in Philadelphia Land of the free (rent): Census shows one in three young Americans ages 18-34 are living with their parents... Emails show how desperate Bill O'Reilly's lawyers tried to save his job the day before being fired with... MORE HEADLINES EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez had been planning his suicide for WEEKS, gave away his belongings and soaped his cell floor before he left three notes and hanged himself Putin sends troops to Russia's border with North Korea after China also sends soldiers to its boundary over fears Trump will attack Kim Jong-un, sparking a tidal wave of refugees  Pictured: ISIS terrorist who killed a cop and wounded three others in AK47 Paris rampage after he was released EARLY from a 20-year sentence for trying to kill police - as video captures dramatic moment he was gunned down by officers  Found! Cops rescue 15-year-old student from her Tennessee teacher 'kidnapper' at a remote California cabin - '2,500 miles from where he snatched her five weeks ago' EXCLUSIVE: Heartbroken fiancée of Aaron Hernandez is seen with their four-year-old daughter for the first time since he committed suicide as she leaves her mother's Connecticut home Make way for Mama Grizzly: Sarah Palin hangs with Kid Rock and Ted Nugent at White House where she cozies up to Jared Kushner and President Trump while mocking Hillary Clinton 'Get your mother***ing pilot ready because ain't nobody going nowhere': Woman rants at police and flight crew after they tried to escort her off a Texas flight for causing a disturbance  Passenger vs pilot: Man, 49, is caught on camera SHOVING an off-duty American Airlines officer after they disembarked a plane because he 'took up too much space in the aisle' 'Their legs are toothpicks covered with skin': Children in Belarus orphanages are found on the brink of starvation 'looking like Nazi concentration camp victims' in chilling echo of Romania's care home crisis  EXCLUSIVE: The naked truth! Caitlyn Jenner is planning to unveil her new body after gender reassignment surgery in a NUDE photo shoot - but not all the Kardashian clan is on board EXCLUSIVE - Richard Simmons is pictured for the first time in THREE YEARS: Reclusive fitness guru returns home under a BLANKET after being 'hospitalized for indigestion' 'If he killed himself, it's the only explanation': Aaron Hernandez's family suspect brain damage from NFL career was a factor in his death, as Jose Baez wins clash with medical examiner and player's brain is released to Boston U Alabama teen, 18, who disappeared a year ago after telling her parents she was taking out the trash is found safe and well 1,300 miles away in Texas EXCLUSIVE: Stephen Baldwin's foreclosed home in New York is sold at public auction for only $100 - but the actor is still on the hook for $1.1 million Bill Gates tells how he BANNED his kids from having mobile phones until they turned 14, loves McDonald's and wears a $10 Casio watch PIERS MORGAN: Ann Coulter is a woman whose opinions I love to hate but banning her from Berkeley is another step in the creeping death of freedom of speech in two of the greatest democracies on the planet 'I felt triumphant': Bill O'Reilly accuser goes public after his Fox News firing to detail how host leered at her cleavage, grunted at her and called her 'hot chocolate' EXCLUSIVE: A remote Alaskan island - where residents have no running water, hunt bearded seal and walrus and use a bucket in city hall as a toilet - becomes the poster child for global warming as sea levels rise around the town of just 600 people Moment drug addict father-of-25 gives his girlfriend, 23, a thumbs up as she cradles their dead baby after the pair 'tortured' the child and tried to fake her death aboard a bus  City under siege: Latest attack in Paris would be the sixth terrorist strike on the French capital in three years Shaming pictures show America's cruel past when children were forced to work in fields and factories  EXCLUSIVE: Trump calls controversial ex-aide Roger Stone 'quality guy' - as libertine Nixon fan uses documentary to take credit for president he calls 'prime political horseflesh' Mother-of-three, 40, left quadriplegic by a motorcycle crash chooses to turn off life support and donate her organs rather than live with a ventilator Bill makes BANK: O'Reilly will be paid $25million on his way out of Fox News - but not the $100m he was set to earn in his new contract EXCLUSIVE: 'Maybe it's only fitting that I am treated on the show like a new version of electrolysis without painkillers.' Caitlyn Jenner admits she knew she sold herself out by being on KUWTK - and didn't earn a dime Inside Prince Mongo's castle: Tennessee palace owned by eccentric millionaire who turned it into a nightclub is now crumbling away  Baby boy is pulled alive from a shallow grave THREE DAYS after he was left to die by South African mother, 25, who feared her parents would be upset she was having a second child MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In City More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam Hyderabad Citizen Reporter Crime Civic Issues Politics Schools & Colleges Events ALL News » City News » Hyderabad News » Hyderabad: Walmart rapped, fined Rs 10,000 for 'unstamped meat' Hyderabad: Walmart rapped, fined Rs 10,000 for 'unstamped meat' Continuing its raids on eateries, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) on Thursday imposed a fine of 10,000 on a Walmart outlet for selling 'unstamped meat' in the city and warned it to dispose of the meat.TNN | Updated: Apr 21, 2017, 10.38 AM IST Highlights Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation raided 292 eateries and imposed fines on various outlets. Reason behind increased number of inspections is to ensure quality food to people and create awareness among hoteliers.A raid at a Hyderabad Walmart outlet. HYDERABAD: Continuing its raids on eateries, the Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) on Thursday imposed a fine of 10,000 on a Walmart outlet for selling 'unstamped meat' in the city and warned it to dispose of the meat. A Walmart India spokesman later said they were "fully cooperating with the authorities and have shared all the required documents". "At Walmart, food safety is given top priority and an integral part of our compliance culture...We continually work towards mitigating food safety risks, and collaborate with all stakeholders including suppliers. We follow very stringent quality standards and ensure our suppliers have valid FSSAI licences from the very beginning when we start sourcing from them," the spokesperson said. GHMC earlier raided Papaji Ka Dhaba, Abids, and slapped it with 5,000-fine, while Kanak International Bar & Restaurant, Abids, was fined 10,000 for keeping the place untidy. "Inspection of hotels is a regular process. We have increased the number of inspections to ensure quality food to people and create awareness among hoteliers," said Dr Ganesh Babu, chief medical officer of health, GHMC. The GHMC started a drive inspecting hotels since April 3 and has checked around 292 hotels. Of these, 173 were found breaking rules. "I am surprised to hear some prominent hotels have been breaking norms," said Gaurav Anumula, a city resident. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Find a State Farm® agent near you! State Farm Insurance How NRIs make big property gains risk-free SmartOwner You'll Be Surprised How Gorgeous These 10 'Homely' TV Actr.. The Stir More from The Times of India Rishi Kapoor lashes out at Tabu's sister Show sporting spirit in real life also: SC to Paes Indian-American CEO ordered to pay $135,000 to former worker From the Web More From The Times of India Join the all-rounder of insuranceState Farm Insurance How Do Cruise Ships Fill Their Unsold Cabins?Cruise Sponsored Ads How Successful People Face Substance Abuse.Substance Abuse Ads 25 of Hollywood's Longest MarriagesWomens Forum What Could Be Causing Your ED?WebMD OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Sara Ali Khan to have 3 bikini scenes in ‘SOTY2’ Adityanath’s rise marks the end of a 100-year-old battle Anant Ambani sheds 108 kilos, stuns family and friends IIT-Delhi engineer developing hybrid regional plane in US Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message IPL 2017 IPL 2017 MI vs KXIP IPL Points Table MI Vs GL Pune Supergaints KKR Royal Challengers Bangalore Gujarat Lions Sunrisers Hyderbad Delhi Daredevils Mumbai Indians Kings XI Punjab Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Indian-origin CEO in US beats wife, gets one month in jail after plea deal Xi asks new People's Liberation Army units to be ready for combat, modern warfare Sonu Nigam shaves off his head, insists that he’s not anti-Muslim Affordable Health Insurance, Best 2017 Health Plans Ad: premiumaffordableinsurance.com Arun Jaitley takes up H-1B visa issue with US commerce secretary Finance minister Arun Jaitley has "strongly raised" the H-1B visa issue with US commerce secretary Wilbur Ross, highlighting the important role played by highly skilled Indian professionals in America, officials said. Woman burnt alive after car catches fire on highway, husband escapes unhurt In a freak fire mishap, a woman was burnt alive after a car was gutted on the highway near Adduroad Junction at S. Rayavaram mandal in Visakhapatnam district of Andhra Pradesh. From around the Web There Is No Better Time to Buy Gold. See Gold Ads Hit big savings on insurance with State Farm® State Farm Insurance Buy homes at Springside in Robbinsville Sharbell Developers Profitable option in Bangalore property market Property Share More From The Times of India White man shouts 'go back to Lebanon' to Sikh-American girl Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Lose it like Bhumi Pednekar Read Morewalmartunstamped meatHyderabad newsGreater Hyderabad Municipal CorporatioFSSAI licences Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel Weather in Hyderabad Hyderabad Travel Guide How to reach Hyderabad Hotels in Hyderabad Restaurants in Hyderabad Places to visit in Hyderabad Things to do in Hyderabad Shopping in Hyderabad Nightlife in Hyderabad Weekend getaways from Hyderabad Itineraries Hyderabad Map Hyderabad Photos Haunted Places in Hyderabad Download Hyderabad Travel Guide Hyderabad To Mumbai Flights Hyderabad To Bangalore Flights Hyderabad To Chennai Flights From our Global Partners Hoax hijack email sender befriended six women online, he was held twice earlier CBSE clamp-down: Schools can't set up shop for books, stationery Hyderabad: Ministers set to lose red beacons after plenary SC upholds high court order against four info commissioners 1Hyderabad: Walmart rapped, fined Rs 10,000 for 'unstamped meat' 2Hoax hijack email sender befriended six women online, he was held twice earlier 3CBSE clamp-down: Schools can't set up shop for books, stationery 4Hyderabad: Ministers set to lose red beacons after plenary 5SC upholds high court order against four info commissioners Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now NavGujarat Samay Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends AIADMK News North Korea Babri Masjid LK Advani Sonu Nigam Virbhadra Singh Panama Papers Sasikala Panneerselvam Tamil Movie Reviews Telugu Movie Reviews Malayalam Movie Reviews services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web MCD Election 2017 Nawaz Sharif Delhi MCD Elections 2017 Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Mollywood News Tollywood News Kollywood News Trending topics Uma Bharti IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table Champions Trophy 2017 Babri Masjid case Noor Review xXx Bahubali 2 Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Highlights Progress in Creating Shared Value in Tenth Annual Global Responsibility Report 2017 report outlines the retailer’s milestones in creating shared value for people, business and society BENTONVILLE, Ark., April 20, 2017 – Walmart today released its tenth annual Global Responsibility Report, which looks back at the company’s progress during fiscal year 2017 in advancing the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and local communities. The report also looks ahead at the retailer’s role in helping rewire whole social and environmental systems as it strives toward a new era of trust and transparency. Digital Press Kit View the digital report or download the executive summary “At Walmart, we aim to use our strengths and collaborate with others to transform the systems we all rely on,” said Kathleen McLaughlin, chief sustainability officer and president of the Walmart Foundation. “We believe that the value-maximizing strategy is the one that creates shared value for customers, business and society.” The three aspirational goals Walmart set in 2005 remain constant to this day while the company’s approach and vision of global responsibility continue to evolve. This past November, the retailer announced a new approach in advancing the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and community which consists of a 10-year vision to create shared value and underscores the importance of true integration into the company’s core business. Notable milestones and progress from the 2017 Global Responsibility Report include: Increasing Economic Opportunity in Retail Supply Chains Supporting Economic Mobility in Retail for Walmart Associates and Beyond Enhancing associate opportunity: Walmart is addressing barriers that can impede career advancement for associates. In FY2017, Walmart completed a $2.7 billion investment in U.S. associates that included increases in training, education and higher wages. Accelerating frontline retail job mobility beyond Walmart: In addition to investing in its own associates, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation in 2015 launched the Retail Opportunity Initiative, a five-year, $100 million sector-wide effort aimed at strengthening the transferability of skills of the U.S. retail workforce and developing ways to make it easier for front-line workers to advance their careers. Through the end of FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation invested more than $59 million and collaborated with leading nonprofits, employers, government agencies and educational institutions such as the Chicago Cook Workforce Partnership, The League of Innovation and the Aspen Institute. Investing in American Jobs Supporting local, diverse and small businesses: In 2013, Walmart pledged to purchase $250 billion more in products supporting American jobs through 2023. To raise awareness for this initiative, Walmart hosted the U.S. Manufacturing Summit and Open Call for new U.S. made products in June 2016. Entrepreneurs from 40 states participated in 800 meetings at the event. Walmart, the Walmart Foundation and the U.S. Conference of Mayors launched a $10 million U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund in 2014. The fund supports innovative research into manufacturing processes. The FY2017 funding cycle marks the completion of the $10 million commitment; however, the projects continue to advance. Enhancing the Sustainability of Operations and Our Value Chain Reducing Emissions, Energy Intensity and Waste In Operations Setting emissions reduction goals: Walmart is the first retailer with an approved science-based target emissions-reduction plan. The company aims to reduce its absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 18 percent by 2025. The retailer will also work with its suppliers to reduce CO2e, or carbon dioxide equivalent, emissions from upstream and downstream Scope 3 sources by one billion tons (a gigaton) between 2015 and 2030. Continued advancement toward 100 percent renewable energy goal: Walmart aspires to eliminate reliance on fossil fuel-based energy sources by meeting its needs with 100 percent renewable energy. By 2025, Walmart aims to power 50 percent of its operations with renewable energy. At the end of FY2017, approximately 26 percent of Walmart’s electricity needs globally were supplied by renewable sources, including more than 460 onsite and offsite projects in operation or under development globally. Progress toward zero waste goal: By the end of FY2017, Walmart diverted from landfills 82 percent of materials previously considered waste from Walmart U.S., and 77 percent* from Walmart International. As a large global grocer, Walmart is also committed to reducing food waste within its own operations. Since 2005, Walmart stores, clubs and distribution centers have donated more than 3.3 billion pounds of food to organizations that distribute to those in need in the U.S., including more than 600 million pounds in FY2017. Improving Sustainability in Global Value Chains Working with our suppliers: Since 2014, suppliers have reported a 96 percent reduction of high priority chemicals by weight in Walmart U.S. stores. In FY2017, Walmart reached a goal set in 2012, of buying 70 percent of the company’s U.S. goods from suppliers that participate in the Sustainability Index, in categories where the Index is available. Strengthening Local Communities Relieving Hunger Efforts to donate 4 billion meals: Walmart and the Walmart Foundation surpassed the halfway point in their goal to provide 4 billion meals over five years, by providing support for 2.4 billion meals to date since 2014. In FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation donated more than $50 million toward hunger relief. Strengthening the capacity of hunger relief programs: Walmart and the Walmart Foundation are helping organizations who are on the front lines of charitable food provision to improve their infrastructure, so they can increase access to charitable meals. In the U.S., Walmart stores and Sam’s Club locations teamed up with customers and participating suppliers to support Feeding America through the “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” campaign, raising more than $17 million in funds in FY2017. Engaging associates to volunteer Walmart associates around the world are dedicated to addressing hunger. In the U.S. alone, Walmart associates donated more than 110,000 hours toward hunger relief in FY2017. In FY2017, 73,000 full-and part-time associates volunteered more than 1.2 million hours generating more than $12 million in Walmart donations. Strengthening Disaster Response and Community Preparedness Increasing disaster relief and preparedness efforts: In FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation supported communities after 30 disasters. A total of $6.8 million in cash donations was given specifically for disaster preparedness and relief. * Based on review of material handling and waste diversion processes in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Central America, Chile, Japan, Mexico, South Africa, U.K., and U.S., as reported by waste vendors, food banks and stores. In cases where real numbers were not available due to industry challenges they have been estimated based on industry acceptable standards. ### About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious University of Canterbury flies high in new partnership Next PostNext Steven Whiteley Eager to Build on First NHRA J&A Service Pro Mod Drag Racing Series Win at 30th Annual NHRA SpringNationals Search Recent Posts Liquid Crystal on Silicon (LCoS) Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 New competition brought by motorway welcomed 2017 Oklahoma Historians Hall of Fame Honorees Announced Mobile Device Management Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 KKR Closes $250 Million Investment in Masan Group and Masan Nutri-Science Proudly powered by WordPress
null
Walmart CEO Doug McMillon saw his pay jump 13% last year - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Walmart CEO Doug McMillon saw his pay jump 13% last year Posted: Thursday, April 20, 2017 7:32 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, April 20, 2017 8:33 PM EDT The top executive's pay rose nearly 13% to $22.4 million during the company's fiscal year that ended on Jan. 31, according to a company filing. That's up from $19.8 million the year prior. By Julia Horowitz NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- It's a tough time to be in retail. But Walmart is doing okay -- and CEO Doug McMillon is cashing in. The top executive's pay rose nearly 13% to $22.4 million during the company's fiscal year that ended on Jan. 31, according to a company filing. That's up from $19.8 million the year prior. McMillion has led Walmart since 2014. Under his direction, the company has expanded its e-commerce footprint and managed to stay in the game against the likes of online shopping behemoth Amazon. In its most recent quarter, Walmart's online sales grew 29% from a year ago. Amazon increased total sales by 22%. McMillon also closed a deal to buy e-commerce site Jet.com for $3.3 billion last September. And he's joined President Donald Trump's economic advisory council. Walmart said in January it plans to create 10,000 new U.S. jobs at the top of the year. Though the additions represent less than 1% of the company's current American workforce, it runs counter to the layoffs and store shutdowns facing other retailers. McMillon's hefty paycheck is enviable, but not unheard of. In the same ballpark: General Motors CEO Mary Barra earned $22.6 million in 2016, up 30% if you exclude a one-time retention bonus she received the year before. Mark Fields of Ford received $22.1 million in 2016, a 19% pay hike. And Randall Stephenson, the top exec at AT&T, received $28.4 million, up 13%, according to a company filing. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Walmart CEO Doug McMillon saw his pay jump 13% last year Walmart CEO Doug McMillon saw his pay jump 13% last year Posted on Thursday, April 20, 2017 by CNN in Business News It’s a tough time to be in retail. But Walmart is doing okay — and CEO Doug McMillon is cashing in. The top executive’s pay rose nearly 13% to $22.4 million during the company’s fiscal year that ended on Jan. 31, according to a company filing. That’s up from $19.8 million the year prior. McMillion has led Walmart since 2014. Under his direction, the company has expanded its e-commerce footprint and managed to stay in the game against the likes of online shopping behemoth Amazon. In its most recent quarter, Walmart’s online sales grew 29% from a year ago. Amazon increased total sales by 22%. McMillon also closed a deal to buy e-commerce site Jet.com for $3.3 billion last September. And he’s joined President Donald Trump’s economic advisory council. Walmart said in January it plans to create 10,000 new U.S. jobs at the top of the year. Though the additions represent less than 1% of the company’s current American workforce, it runs counter to the layoffs and store shutdowns facing other retailers. McMillon’s hefty paycheck is enviable, but not unheard of. In the same ballpark: General Motors CEO Mary Barra earned $22.6 million in 2016, up 30% if you exclude a one-time retention bonus she received the year before. Mark Fields of Ford received $22.1 million in 2016, a 19% pay hike. And Randall Stephenson, the top exec at AT&T, received $28.4 million, up 13%, according to a company filing. Dodd-Frank in Trump's sights ahead of Friday Treasury meeting Ocwen shares plunge 54% after suit over 'botched' lending practices Related Posts U.S. government releases safety guidelines for self-driving cars 5 ways your health insurance will cost more FDA calls Theranos vial an ‘uncleared medical device’ U.S. government worried about risky car loans Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Briefly Grist 50 Video Justice Food Climate & Energy Cities Living Science People Advice Follow Get our newsletter Grist on Facebook Follow on Twitter About Grist Contact More The Team Donate Fellowships Jobs at Grist Privacy Policy Terms of Use Briefly Grist 50 Video Sections Newsletters Donate More News Climate & Energy Justice Cities Politics Food Living Business & Tech Science Video People Advice Grist 50 Get Grist in your inbox Briefly Daily Weekly Shift Happens Privacy Policy About Grist Contact Staff & Board Funders Jobs Fellowships FAQ Advertise Sponsorship policy Testimonials Grist on your site Donation FAQ Terms of Service Privacy Policy Trademarks Briefly Stuff that matters Green light special Wil C. Fry Walmart just pledged to eliminate a billion tons of greenhouse gas. That’s as much as Germany’s yearly emissions. It’s hardly the first example of a business charging ahead on climate change mitigation while governments dither. Pretty much every giant corporation has made a commitment to reduce its emissions: food titan Unilever, everything maker General Electric, and IKEA (where you get your OMLOPPs), and on and on. But what Walmart does matters. The company is such a behemoth that its policy changes trigger transformation around the globe. Walmart is the 10th largest economic entity in the world, after Canada, so this effort, dubbed “Project Gigaton,” is akin to every Canadian signing on to a strict sustainability plan. Most of Walmart’s environmental footprint comes from other businesses extracting raw materials to manufacture Walmart’s products. So it will be pushing its suppliers to clean up their act, aiming to slash a gigaton of greenhouse gas emissions from its supply chain. The Environmental Defense Fund has been working with Walmart to cut its emissions for years, and so there’s a track record here. In 2010, Walmart pledged to cut 28 million metric tons (like removing 6 million cars from the road), then surpassed that goal in five years. Now, they’re aiming to meet a goal 35 times larger, by 2030. Nathanael Johnson 8 hours ago Get Briefly in your inbox Privacy Policy Ice, ice bergy Gigantic icebergs have come to Canada, and the internet is losing its mind. Every year, strong currents bring Arctic ice south along Newfoundland, Canada, to “Iceberg Alley.” Photos of a particularly large ’berg have flooded social media because, well, what’s not to love about these pretty scenes? Gorgeous massive iceberg near Ferryland, Newfoundland and Labrador (not far from St. John's.) Awesome pic from a friend on Facebook. pic.twitter.com/txG1Zia8xd — Moogboy (@Moogboy808) April 16, 2017 Iceberg season is the best season 🙌 #scenicnl A post shared by Paddy Wadden (@paddywadden) on Apr 9, 2017 at 3:33pm PDT For the tiny coastal enclave of Ferryland, these icebergs are the start of a busy tourist season. The one stationed next to town is classified as “large” by the Canadian Ice Service, meaning it’s between 151–240 feet tall and 401–670 feet long. “It happens every year,” Ferryland Mayor Adrian Kavanagh told PRI. “Sometimes you’ll have lots of icebergs, other years you might get the odd one, but it all depends on the weather and the wind.” These rogue icebergs may be run-of-the-mill for Ferryland — and annoying for shipping companies — but for the rest of us, they’re pretty breathtaking. Cody Permenter 11 hours ago Toxic Tour REUTERS/Timothy Mclaughlin Protestors harangued EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt as he visited East Chicago. “We are here because environmental racism is here,” said Rev. Cheryl Rivera, one of the activists leading yesterday’s demonstration. “We are here because thousands of families’ lives are at risk.” After lead contamination of both soil and water was publicly revealed last year, roughly 1,000 residents fled the Superfund site in western Indiana where low-income housing was built on land once occupied by a smelter. According to The Chicago Tribune, Pruitt spoke with residents who lived in the toxic environment. He also gave brief remarks, pointing to money EPA recently awarded to the town. “I’m focused on getting EPA back to the basics of protecting human health and the environment, and one of my top priorities is delivering real results for the people of East Chicago,” said Pruitt. Proposed cuts to the EPA’s budget could cause Pruitt to eat his words. According to Nancy Loeb, director of Northwestern University’s Environmental Advocacy Clinic, the breadth of programs targeted by President Trump — including the possible shuttering of the EPA’s Region 5 office in Chicago — will “pretty successfully” halt environmental protections by passing federal responsibilities to ill-equipped states. Next stop on Pruitt’s tour: a coal-fired power plant in Missouri. Mixed messages much? Nikhil Swaminathan 12 hours ago Grist 50 Anna Carson DeWitt Meet the fixer: This farmer gives vets a chance to grow. Fred Lewis served with the Special Forces in Afghanistan until he took a sniper’s bullet to the helmet. Nursing his injury, he returned to Kentucky, where his older brother, Mike, lived in a rural area with a lot of poverty and addiction. Working in agriculture was the one thing that gave Fred peace, but farming paid next to nothing. “It was just impossible to make a living,” says Mike. “It just seemed kind of shitty to see someone, who served his country, come home and find that the only job available was at a call center fielding complaints about Veterans Affairs.” So Mike started the organization Growing Warriors to figure out how to make farming profitable for returning veterans. The Lewis brothers have since started 10 community gardens that employ vets across Kentucky and North Carolina and one 500-acre farm with three to four full-time veteran interns working the land. Growing Warriors has probably gotten the most attention for growing five acres of industrial hemp. Mike envisions a network of small hemp-processing mills throughout the region, providing markets for small farmers. With outdoor gear company Patagonia pushing to establish a legal U.S. hemp market, Mike and company could be sparking a new agricultural movement. Meet all the fixers on this year’s Grist 50. Grist staff 21 hours ago put a solar panel on it REUTERS/Jonathan Ernst A coal company is literally putting a solar farm on top of an old coal mine. The Kentucky-based Berkeley Energy Group has announced plans to build “the first large-scale solar farm in the Appalachian region” on top of a reclaimed coal mine, ThinkProgress reports. Berkeley hedged that it is not “replacing” its coal projects with solar power. However: “We have already extracted the coal from this area,” a project development executive explained to ThinkProgress. That touches on one of the problems with President Trump’s promises to bring coal back: There are many, many reasons that coal extraction is no longer a viable industry in Appalachia, and environmental regulations are not even close to the top of the list. There’s the low price of natural gas and the increasingly competitive cost of renewables, mechanization, and cheaper mining operations in Wyoming and other western states — all reasons that coal country might be turning to solar now. It’s sort of like the “put a bird on it” approach to solar power — we don’t mind if you get a little carried away with this trend, America. Grist staff 1 day ago get the picture? The Bureau of Land Management website got a fossil fuel makeover. The agency, which tends to U.S. public lands, has lately caused quite a stir with recent changes to its homepage banner. Could BLM be trying to tell us something? Let’s take a quick trip through the site’s updates over the last few weeks. We begin with two people on a backpacking trip, looking toward the sunrise — and, presumably, a brighter future. Just kidding! No more future! How about a massive seam of coal instead? Two weeks ago, the bureau swapped the wholesome hikers for this wall of coal, dwarfing a tiny person and car in the corner. We get the message: Humans small, coal big. But in case that didn’t get the point across, BLM changed things up again this week. In the newest image, people are absent altogether, though the pipeline alludes to their domination over the landscape. There are some mountains and forest fading into the background, like an afterthought. The makeover is in line with the agency’s recent moves: Since Trump took office, BLM has sold huge leases for oil drilling and coal mining on public lands. As BLM spokesperson Jeff Krauss told NPR, the rotating images are part of an “IT redesign” to showcase the many things the agency manages. Kate Yoder 1 day ago Congratulations! You’re all caught up. *Pay for your local publications.* (Also vote for Grist for a Best Green Website Webby Award, if you haven’t yet.) Get Briefly in your inbox Privacy Policy View more news briefs Sections Briefly Grist 50 Video Justice Food Climate & Energy Cities Living Science More About The Team Contact Donate Fellowships Jobs Privacy Policy Terms of Use Follow Newsletters Facebook Twitter Instagram Feed A Beacon in the Smog® © 1999-2017 Grist Magazine, Inc. All rights reserved. Grist is powered by WordPress.com VIP. Post to Cancel
About US Contact US Registration Thursday April 20th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Walmart Highlights Progress in Creating Shared Value in Tenth Annual Global Responsibility Report By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  April 21, 2017  /  Comments Off on Walmart Highlights Progress in Creating Shared Value in Tenth Annual Global Responsibility Report       Print       Email MIL OSI Global Economy – Source: Walmart Headline: Walmart Highlights Progress in Creating Shared Value in Tenth Annual Global Responsibility Report 2017 report outlines the retailer’s milestones in creating shared value for people, business and society BENTONVILLE, Ark., April 20, 2017 – Walmart today released its tenth annual Global Responsibility Report, which looks back at the company’s progress during fiscal year 2017 in advancing the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and local communities. The report also looks ahead at the retailer’s role in helping rewire whole social and environmental systems as it strives toward a new era of trust and transparency. Digital Press Kit View the digital report or download the executive summary “At Walmart, we aim to use our strengths and collaborate with others to transform the systems we all rely on,” said Kathleen McLaughlin, chief sustainability officer and president of the Walmart Foundation. “We believe that the value-maximizing strategy is the one that creates shared value for customers, business and society.”The three aspirational goals Walmart set in 2005 remain constant to this day while the company’s approach and vision of global responsibility continue to evolve. This past November, the retailer announced a new approach in advancing the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and community which consists of a 10-year vision to create shared value and underscores the importance of true integration into the company’s core business.Notable milestones and progress from the 2017 Global Responsibility Report include:Increasing Economic Opportunity in Retail Supply ChainsSupporting Economic Mobility in Retail for Walmart Associates and BeyondEnhancing associate opportunity: Walmart is addressing barriers that can impede career advancement for associates. In FY2017, Walmart completed a $2.7 billion investment in U.S. associates that included increases in training, education and higher wages.Accelerating frontline retail job mobility beyond Walmart: In addition to investing in its own associates, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation in 2015 launched the Retail Opportunity Initiative, a five-year, $100 million sector-wide effort aimed at strengthening the transferability of skills of the U.S. retail workforce and developing ways to make it easier for front-line workers to advance their careers. Through the end of FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation invested more than $59 million and collaborated with leading nonprofits, employers, government agencies and educational institutions such as the Chicago Cook Workforce Partnership, The League of Innovation and the Aspen Institute.Investing in American JobsSupporting local, diverse and small businesses: In 2013, Walmart pledged to purchase $250 billion more in products supporting American jobs through 2023. To raise awareness for this initiative, Walmart hosted the U.S. Manufacturing Summit and Open Call for new U.S. made products in June 2016. Entrepreneurs from 40 states participated in 800 meetings at the event.Walmart, the Walmart Foundation and the U.S. Conference of Mayors launched a $10 million U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund in 2014. The fund supports innovative research into manufacturing processes. The FY2017 funding cycle marks the completion of the $10 million commitment; however, the projects continue to advance.Enhancing the Sustainability of Operations and Our Value ChainReducing Emissions, Energy Intensity and Waste In OperationsSetting emissions reduction goals: Walmart is the first retailer with an approved science-based target emissions-reduction plan. The company aims to reduce its absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 18 percent by 2025. The retailer will also work with its suppliers to reduce CO2e, or carbon dioxide equivalent, emissions from upstream and downstream Scope 3 sources by one billion tons (a gigaton) between 2015 and 2030.Continued advancement toward 100 percent renewable energy goal: Walmart aspires to eliminate reliance on fossil fuel-based energy sources by meeting its needs with 100 percent renewable energy. By 2025, Walmart aims to power 50 percent of its operations with renewable energy. At the end of FY2017, approximately 26 percent of Walmart’s electricity needs globally were supplied by renewable sources, including more than 460 onsite and offsite projects in operation or under development globally. Progress toward zero waste goal: By the end of FY2017, Walmart diverted from landfills 82 percent of materials previously considered waste from Walmart U.S., and 77 percent* from Walmart International. As a large global grocer, Walmart is also committed to reducing food waste within its own operations. Since 2005, Walmart stores, clubs and distribution centers have donated more than 3.3 billion pounds of food to organizations that distribute to those in need in the U.S., including more than 600 million pounds in FY2017. Improving Sustainability in Global Value ChainsWorking with our suppliers: Since 2014, suppliers have reported a 96 percent reduction of high priority chemicals by weight in Walmart U.S. stores. In FY2017, Walmart reached a goal set in 2012, of buying 70 percent of the company’s U.S. goods from suppliers that participate in the Sustainability Index, in categories where the Index is available. Strengthening Local CommunitiesRelieving Hunger Efforts to donate 4 billion meals: Walmart and the Walmart Foundation surpassed the halfway point in their goal to provide 4 billion meals over five years, by providing support for 2.4 billion meals to date since 2014. In FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation donated more than $50 million toward hunger relief.Strengthening the capacity of hunger relief programs: Walmart and the Walmart Foundation are helping organizations who are on the front lines of charitable food provision to improve their infrastructure, so they can increase access to charitable meals. In the U.S., Walmart stores and Sam’s Club locations teamed up with customers and participating suppliers to support Feeding America through the “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” campaign, raising more than $17 million in funds in FY2017.Engaging associates to volunteerWalmart associates around the world are dedicated to addressing hunger. In the U.S. alone, Walmart associates donated more than 110,000 hours toward hunger relief in FY2017. In FY2017, 73,000 full-and part-time associates volunteered more than 1.2 million hours generating more than $12 million in Walmart donations.Strengthening Disaster Response and Community Preparedness Increasing disaster relief and preparedness efforts: In FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation supported communities after 30 disasters. A total of $6.8 million in cash donations was given specifically for disaster preparedness and relief. * Based on review of material handling and waste diversion processes in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Central America, Chile, Japan, Mexico, South Africa, U.K., and U.S., as reported by waste vendors, food banks and stores. In cases where real numbers were not available due to industry challenges they have been estimated based on industry acceptable standards.###About WalmartWal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart.     Print       Email Published: 2 mins ago on April 21, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: April 21, 2017 @ 9:40 am Filed Under: Africa, Americas, Banking and Finance, Brazil, Business, Canada, Commerce, Consumer Goods, Economics, English, Fiscal Updates, Global Economy, Investment, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, South Africa, Walmart NEXT ARTICLE → Walmart Releases 2017 Annual Report, Proxy Statement, Global Responsibility Report and Global Ethics and Compliance Program Update ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE More Than Meets the Eye: Cat & Jack Products Made From Recycled Materials Means Guests Can Look and Feel Good About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Treasurer backs Tropical Trade House concept Port of Mackay investing to unlock new local trade opportunities Cheap wine and a date with court 21/05:46 CST Road Weather Alert for Adelaide More Than Meets the Eye: Cat & Jack Products Made From Recycled Materials Means Guests Can Look and Feel Good © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
About US Contact US Registration Thursday April 20th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage Walmart Releases 2017 Annual Report, Proxy Statement, Global Responsibility Report and Global Ethics and Compliance Program Update By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  April 21, 2017  /  Comments Off on Walmart Releases 2017 Annual Report, Proxy Statement, Global Responsibility Report and Global Ethics and Compliance Program Update       Print       Email MIL OSI Global Economy – Source: Walmart Headline: Walmart Releases 2017 Annual Report, Proxy Statement, Global Responsibility Report and Global Ethics and Compliance Program Update BENTONVILLE, Ark., April 20, 2017 — Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) today issued its 2017 Annual Report, Global Responsibility Report, an update on its Global Ethics and Compliance Program and filed its Proxy Statement in preparation for the company’s upcoming Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on Friday, June 2, 2017. Digital Press Kit View and download related reports and documents “We are a company of the future. We’re operating from a strong foundation built by those before us and taking action aimed at strengthening our business this year and beyond,” Walmart President and Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon said in his letter to shareholders, associates and customers. “We’ll continue to strengthen our stores around the world, we’ll continue to build our e-commerce and digital capabilities and we’ll put them together in a way that saves customers time and money.”Annual Report Highlights The 2017 Annual Report, Moving with Speed, provides shareholders with highlights of Walmart’s achievements in the last fiscal year and key company-wide initiatives for the upcoming year. The full report is available here. In the report, McMillon highlights how the company is continuing to write its own history of innovation by harnessing the power of technology and its investments in associates to create new ways of serving customers and providing associates with more opportunities to grow their careers. The company plans to focus on four key objectives in the coming year – make every day easier for busy families, change the way Walmart works, deliver results and operate with discipline and be the most trusted retailer – to take advantage of opportunities resulting from the fundamental transformation of the retail industry within the economy and the communities Walmart serves. Also in the report is an update on governance and shareholder engagement from Chairman of the Board of Directors, Greg Penner. In his letter to shareholders, Penner states, “The transformation of Walmart is gaining momentum, and the Board of Directors is confident that we have the right strategy to position the business for sustainable growth and shareholder returns in this new era of retail. Today’s customer has more time pressures than ever, and our focus on making life easier for busy families is critical. Walmart is uniquely positioned to deliver on that goal.”2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and Proxy StatementThe company began distributing its Proxy Statement today with details of its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, to be held on Friday, June 2, 2017, at 8 a.m. (CDT) in Bud Walton Arena on the University of Arkansas campus in Fayetteville, Ark. Shareholders of record as of the close of business on April 7, 2017, the record date for the meeting, are entitled to vote at this year’s meeting.This year’s Proxy materials seek Shareholders’ vote on 11 director nominees, three company proposals and three shareholder proposals. Linda Wolf and Pam Craig are retiring from the Board and will not stand for re-election. As Walmart maintains its commitment to an independent board, it announced Carla Harris, vice chair of the Wealth Management business segment of Morgan Stanley, as a new independent nominee. “Linda and Pam have provided insightful leadership and demonstrated a deep commitment to the Board and shareholders that will be missed,” Penner said. “Linda’s brand management and international business expertise have benefited Walmart tremendously while Pam’s global perspectives, finance and technology experience have proven instrumental as we reposition the business for sustainable growth through stores, mobile and e-commerce. They both have also been strong advocates and leaders for Walmart’s Womens’ Empowerment and Diversity and Inclusion programs. With their retirements, we look forward to the deep experience in capital markets and global finance that Carla is prepared to provide to the Board.”Wolf, who served as chair of the Compensation and Management Development Committee and was a member of the Technology and eCommerce Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee, is rotating off of the Board after 12 years of service in accordance with Walmart’s corporate governance guidelines.Craig joined the Board in 2013 and served on the Technology and eCommerce Committee and the Audit Committee. She and Walmart mutually agreed that she will not stand for re-election due to the technical meaning of “independent” under the NYSE’s rules. As part of its annual review, the Board recently determined that Craig is no longer independent based on the 2016 promotion of her brother-in-law to executive officer of a Walmart supplier. Payments by Walmart to the supplier account for more than two percent of the supplier’s annual revenues If not for this technical issue, the Board otherwise considers Craig independent due to the fact that her brother-in-law is responsible for a region with the supplier that does a minimal amount of business with Walmart. Neither have a direct nor indirect material interest in the relationship between Walmart and the supplier.Harris’ experience during her 30-year career with Morgan Stanley has included investment banking, equity capital markets, equity private placements, and initial public offerings in a number of industries such as technology, media, retail, telecommunications, transportation, healthcare and biotechnology. In 2013, she was also appointed by President Obama to serve as Chair of the National Women’s Business Council.The 2017 Proxy Statement can be read online. Shareholders unable to attend the 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in person may view a live webcast at http://www.stock.walmart.com.Global Responsibility ReportWalmart’s 2017 Global Responsibility Report, the company’s tenth, outlines the company’s major milestones in fiscal year 2017 tied to environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives, specifically highlighting the company’s progress within those areas. The report also outlines Walmart’s shared value priorities and aspirations for 2025 to continue to advance global responsibility in the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and community. The report is available digitally and can be viewed online.Global Ethics and Compliance UpdateFive years ago, the company began a multi-year process to reorganize, unify and professionalize its ethics and compliance program. The company’s fourth report on ethics and compliance looks back at the program’s growth over the past five years into a leading, world-class organization, and efforts to continue to prioritize and enhance ethics and compliance training, anti-corruption policies and procedures and digitization of compliance processes and systems. The detailed report is available here. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart.     Print       Email Published: 2 mins ago on April 21, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: April 21, 2017 @ 9:40 am Filed Under: Banking and Finance, Business, Commerce, Consumer Goods, Economics, English, Fiscal Updates, Global Economy, Investment, MIL OSI, Open Source Intel, Walmart NEXT ARTICLE → CONSTRUCTION BEGINS ON MARTENSVILLE AND WARMAN OVERPASSES ← PREVIOUS ARTICLE Walmart Highlights Progress in Creating Shared Value in Tenth Annual Global Responsibility Report About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts Treasurer backs Tropical Trade House concept Port of Mackay investing to unlock new local trade opportunities Cheap wine and a date with court 21/05:46 CST Road Weather Alert for Adelaide More Than Meets the Eye: Cat & Jack Products Made From Recycled Materials Means Guests Can Look and Feel Good © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Highlights Progress in Creating Shared Value in Tenth Annual Global Responsibility Report 2017 report outlines the retailer’s milestones in creating shared value for people, business and society BENTONVILLE, Ark., April 20, 2017 – Walmart today released its tenth annual Global Responsibility Report, which looks back at the company’s progress during fiscal year 2017 in advancing the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and local communities. The report also looks ahead at the retailer’s role in helping rewire whole social and environmental systems as it strives toward a new era of trust and transparency. Digital Press Kit View the digital report or download the executive summary “At Walmart, we aim to use our strengths and collaborate with others to transform the systems we all rely on,” said Kathleen McLaughlin, chief sustainability officer and president of the Walmart Foundation. “We believe that the value-maximizing strategy is the one that creates shared value for customers, business and society.” The three aspirational goals Walmart set in 2005 remain constant to this day while the company’s approach and vision of global responsibility continue to evolve. This past November, the retailer announced a new approach in advancing the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and community which consists of a 10-year vision to create shared value and underscores the importance of true integration into the company’s core business. Notable milestones and progress from the 2017 Global Responsibility Report include: Increasing Economic Opportunity in Retail Supply Chains Supporting Economic Mobility in Retail for Walmart Associates and Beyond Enhancing associate opportunity: Walmart is addressing barriers that can impede career advancement for associates. In FY2017, Walmart completed a $2.7 billion investment in U.S. associates that included increases in training, education and higher wages. Accelerating frontline retail job mobility beyond Walmart: In addition to investing in its own associates, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation in 2015 launched the Retail Opportunity Initiative, a five-year, $100 million sector-wide effort aimed at strengthening the transferability of skills of the U.S. retail workforce and developing ways to make it easier for front-line workers to advance their careers. Through the end of FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation invested more than $59 million and collaborated with leading nonprofits, employers, government agencies and educational institutions such as the Chicago Cook Workforce Partnership, The League of Innovation and the Aspen Institute. Investing in American Jobs Supporting local, diverse and small businesses: In 2013, Walmart pledged to purchase $250 billion more in products supporting American jobs through 2023. To raise awareness for this initiative, Walmart hosted the U.S. Manufacturing Summit and Open Call for new U.S. made products in June 2016. Entrepreneurs from 40 states participated in 800 meetings at the event. Walmart, the Walmart Foundation and the U.S. Conference of Mayors launched a $10 million U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund in 2014. The fund supports innovative research into manufacturing processes. The FY2017 funding cycle marks the completion of the $10 million commitment; however, the projects continue to advance. Enhancing the Sustainability of Operations and Our Value Chain Reducing Emissions, Energy Intensity and Waste In Operations Setting emissions reduction goals: Walmart is the first retailer with an approved science-based target emissions-reduction plan. The company aims to reduce its absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 18 percent by 2025. The retailer will also work with its suppliers to reduce CO2e, or carbon dioxide equivalent, emissions from upstream and downstream Scope 3 sources by one billion tons (a gigaton) between 2015 and 2030. Continued advancement toward 100 percent renewable energy goal: Walmart aspires to eliminate reliance on fossil fuel-based energy sources by meeting its needs with 100 percent renewable energy. By 2025, Walmart aims to power 50 percent of its operations with renewable energy. At the end of FY2017, approximately 26 percent of Walmart’s electricity needs globally were supplied by renewable sources, including more than 460 onsite and offsite projects in operation or under development globally. Progress toward zero waste goal: By the end of FY2017, Walmart diverted from landfills 82 percent of materials previously considered waste from Walmart U.S., and 77 percent* from Walmart International. As a large global grocer, Walmart is also committed to reducing food waste within its own operations. Since 2005, Walmart stores, clubs and distribution centers have donated more than 3.3 billion pounds of food to organizations that distribute to those in need in the U.S., including more than 600 million pounds in FY2017. Improving Sustainability in Global Value Chains Working with our suppliers: Since 2014, suppliers have reported a 96 percent reduction of high priority chemicals by weight in Walmart U.S. stores. In FY2017, Walmart reached a goal set in 2012, of buying 70 percent of the company’s U.S. goods from suppliers that participate in the Sustainability Index, in categories where the Index is available. Strengthening Local Communities Relieving Hunger Efforts to donate 4 billion meals: Walmart and the Walmart Foundation surpassed the halfway point in their goal to provide 4 billion meals over five years, by providing support for 2.4 billion meals to date since 2014. In FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation donated more than $50 million toward hunger relief. Strengthening the capacity of hunger relief programs: Walmart and the Walmart Foundation are helping organizations who are on the front lines of charitable food provision to improve their infrastructure, so they can increase access to charitable meals. In the U.S., Walmart stores and Sam’s Club locations teamed up with customers and participating suppliers to support Feeding America through the “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” campaign, raising more than $17 million in funds in FY2017. Engaging associates to volunteer Walmart associates around the world are dedicated to addressing hunger. In the U.S. alone, Walmart associates donated more than 110,000 hours toward hunger relief in FY2017. In FY2017, 73,000 full-and part-time associates volunteered more than 1.2 million hours generating more than $12 million in Walmart donations. Strengthening Disaster Response and Community Preparedness Increasing disaster relief and preparedness efforts: In FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation supported communities after 30 disasters. A total of $6.8 million in cash donations was given specifically for disaster preparedness and relief. * Based on review of material handling and waste diversion processes in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Central America, Chile, Japan, Mexico, South Africa, U.K., and U.S., as reported by waste vendors, food banks and stores. In cases where real numbers were not available due to industry challenges they have been estimated based on industry acceptable standards. ### About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Scripps prices private offering of senior notes Next PostNext Walmart Releases 2017 Annual Report, Proxy Statement, Global Responsibility Report and Global Ethics and Compliance Program Update Search Recent Posts Pascal Bandelier Joining Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. as Global Head of Equities DHI Group, Inc. to Host First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Strategy Update with Supporting Presentation Global Transport Incubator Market Growth Analysis by Applications and Competitive Landscape and Forecast to 2021 ION Media Pleased With Favorable FCC Action to Reinstate the UHF Discount in Response to Its Filings Uranium Resources to Present at Planet MicroCap Showcase Proudly powered by WordPress
News Sports Business Real Estate 73° Sign In Subscribe Full Menu 73° Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Business April 20, 2017 5:15 PM Have a made-in-USA product? Here’s how to pitch the world’s largest retailer By Nancy Dahlberg ndahlberg@MiamiHerald.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Walmart is inviting South Florida entrepreneurs to pitch their made-in-the-USA products to the company’s buyers. Entrepreneurs wanting to pitch to the world’s largest retailer can register on walmart-jump.com for a slot during a daylong event at Walmart’s global headquarters in Bentonville, Arkansas on June 28. The registration deadline is May 18. Walmart buyers will be looking to make deals of varying sizes, whether its supplying products to a handful of stores in a local market to a deal supplying hundreds or thousands of stores as well as Sam’s Club locations and Walmart.com. “We are excited to once again invite businesses from all 50 states to meet with Walmart buyers who have one goal in mind: to buy more American products for our stores, clubs and Walmart.com,” said Cindi Marsiglio, Walmart’s vice president of U.S. Manufacturing. NANCY DAHLBERG LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago Shrinking agriculture industry fights to survive in South Florida 0:40 4 days ago Shrinking agriculture industry fights to survive in South Florida 0:31 8 days ago SeaWorld will add a new whitewater thrill ride, Infinity Falls 1:49 9 days ago School Climate Solutions View More Video Business The Latest: Inmate lost consciousness quickly, witnesses say Motive unclear in killing of 2 utility workers in St. Louis Sentence next for Volkswagen in US diesel emissions scandal Asian stocks advance after US markets rally Medical marijuana home deliveries expand to NYC, Long Island Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
About Future Resources Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Walmart Highlights Progress in Creating Shared Value in Tenth Annual Global Responsibility Report Walmart Highlights Progress in Creating Shared Value in Tenth Annual Global Responsibility Report Posted on April 20, 2017 by CSRwire Press Releases, Events and Reports in Press Releases Leadership is an overused word, and is often misused. We like this definition. Walmart today released its tenth annual Global Responsibility Report, which looks back at the company’s progress during fiscal year 2017 in advancing the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and local communities. The report also looks ahead at the retailer’s role in helping rewire whole social and environmental systems as it strives toward a new era of trust and transparency.   “At Walmart, we aim to use our strengths and collaborate with others to transform the systems we all rely on,” said Kathleen McLaughlin, chief sustainability officer and president of the Walmart Foundation. “We believe that the value-maximizing strategy is the one that creates shared value for customers, business, and society.” The three aspirational goals Walmart set in 2005 remain constant to this day while the company’s approach and vision of global responsibility continue to evolve. This past November, the retailer announced a new approach in advancing the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and community which consists of a 10-year vision to create shared value and underscores the importance of true integration into the company’s core business. Notable milestones and progress from the 2017 Global Responsibility Report include: Increasing Economic Opportunity in Retail Supply Chains Supporting Economic Mobility in Retail for Walmart Associates and Beyond Enhancing associate opportunity: Walmart is addressing barriers that can impede career advancement for associates. In FY2017, Walmart completed a $2.7 billion investment in U.S. associates that included increases in training, education and higher wages. Accelerating frontline retail job mobility beyond Walmart:  In addition to investing in its own associates, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation in 2015 launched the Retail Opportunity Initiative, a five-year, $100 million sector-wide effort aimed at strengthening the transferability of skills of the U.S. retail workforce and developing ways to make it easier for front-line workers to advance their careers.  Through the end of FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation invested more than $59 million and collaborated with leading nonprofits, employers, government agencies and educational institutions such as the Chicago Cook Workforce Partnership, The League of Innovation and the Aspen Institute.  Investing in American Jobs Supporting local, diverse and small businesses: In 2013, Walmart pledged to purchase $250 billion more in products supporting American jobs through 2023. To raise awareness for this initiative, Walmart hosted the U.S. Manufacturing Summit and Open Call for new U.S. made products in June 2016. Entrepreneurs from 40 states participated in 800 meetings at the event. Walmart, the Walmart Foundation and the U.S. Conference of Mayors launched a $10 million U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund in 2014. The fund supports innovative research into manufacturing processes. The FY2017 funding cycle marks the completion of the $10 million commitment; however, the projects continue to advance. Enhancing the Sustainability of Operations and Our Value Chain Reducing Emissions, Energy Intensity and Waste In Operations Setting emissions reduction goals:  Walmart is the first retailer with an approved science-based target emissions-reduction plan. The company aims to reduce its absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 18 percent by 2025. The retailer will also work with its suppliers to reduce CO2e, or carbon dioxide equivalent, emissions from upstream and downstream Scope 3 sources by one billion tons (a gigaton) between 2015 and 2030. Continued advancement toward 100 percent renewable energy goal: Walmart aspires to eliminate reliance on fossil fuel-based energy sources by meeting its needs with 100 percent renewable energy. By 2025, Walmart aims to power 50 percent of its operations with renewable energy. At the end of FY2017, approximately 26 percent of Walmart’s electricity needs globally were supplied by renewable sources, including more than 460 onsite and offsite projects in operation or under development globally. Progress toward zero waste goal: By the end of FY2017, Walmart diverted from landfills 82 percent of materials previously considered waste from Walmart U.S., and 77 percent* from Walmart International. As a large global grocer, Walmart is also committed to reducing food waste within its own operations. Since 2005, Walmart stores, clubs and distribution centers have donated more than 3.3 billion pounds of food to organizations that distribute to those in need in the U.S., including more than 600 million pounds in FY2017. Improving Sustainability in Global Value Chains Working with our suppliers: Since 2014, suppliers have reported a 96 percent reduction of high priority chemicals by weight in Walmart U.S. stores. In FY2017, Walmart reached a goal set in 2012, of buying 70 percent of the company’s U.S. goods from suppliers that participate in the Sustainability Index, in categories where the Index is available.  Strengthening Local Communities Relieving Hunger Efforts to donate 4 billion meals: Walmart and the Walmart Foundation surpassed the halfway point in their goal to provide 4 billion meals over five years, by providing support for 2.4 billion meals to date since 2014. In FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation donated more than $50 million toward hunger relief. Strengthening the capacity of hunger relief programs: Walmart and the Walmart Foundation are helping organizations who are on the front lines of charitable food provision to improve their infrastructure, so they can increase access to charitable meals.   In the U.S., Walmart stores and Sam’s Club locations teamed up with customers and participating suppliers to support Feeding America through the “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” campaign, raising more than $17 million in funds in FY2017. Engaging associates to volunteer: Walmart associates around the world are dedicated to addressing hunger. In the U.S. alone, Walmart associates donated more than 110,000 hours toward hunger relief in FY2017. In FY2017, 73,000 full-and part-time associates volunteered more than 1.2 million hours generating more than $12 million in Walmart donations. Strengthening Disaster Response and Community Preparedness Increasing disaster relief and preparedness efforts: In FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation supported communities after 30 disasters. A total of $6.8 million in cash donations was given specifically for disaster preparedness and relief. * Based on review of material handling and waste diversion processes in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Central America, Chile, Japan, Mexico, South Africa, U.K., and U.S., as reported by waste vendors, food banks and stores. In cases where real numbers were not available due to industry challenges they have been estimated based on industry acceptable standards. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Latest News Comcast NBCUniversal Celebrates Year-Round Commitment to Volunteerism During Annual Cares Day The Disney Conservation Fund Names the Recipients of its 2016-2017 Grants Walmart Highlights Progress in Creating Shared Value in Tenth Annual Global Responsibility Report NAELA to Host Elder Law and Special Needs Planning Conference Historic Dreamland Ballroom to Host Art Exhibition Change The Mascot Expresses Extreme Disappointment Over NFL Decision to Have Washington Team Host First Thanksgiving Game in Franchise History Woman-Owned Corporate Event Planning Agency Launches in Dallas Parkinsons Disease Market: Lack of Disease-Modifying Therapies Market’s Largest Unmet Need Tahini Consumption Market Estimated to Post Double Digit Annual Growth Rate of 12% During 2016 to 2022 A-Share Listed Environmental Protection Engineering and Service Companies – Profiles and Financial Data © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Highlights Progress in Creating Shared Value in Tenth Annual Global Responsibility Report 2017 report outlines the retailer’s milestones in creating shared value for people, business and society SOURCE: Walmart DESCRIPTION: BENTONVILLE, Ark., April 20, 2017 /3BL Media/ – Walmart today released its tenth annual Global Responsibility Report, which looks back at the company’s progress during fiscal year 2017 in advancing the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and local communities. The report also looks ahead at the retailer’s role in helping rewire whole social and environmental systems as it strives toward a new era of trust and transparency.   “At Walmart, we aim to use our strengths and collaborate with others to transform the systems we all rely on,” said Kathleen McLaughlin, chief sustainability officer and president of the Walmart Foundation. “We believe that the value-maximizing strategy is the one that creates shared value for customers, business and society.” The three aspirational goals Walmart set in 2005 remain constant to this day while the company’s approach and vision of global responsibility continue to evolve. This past November, the retailer announced a new approach in advancing the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and community which consists of a 10-year vision to create shared value and underscores the importance of true integration into the company’s core business. Notable milestones and progress from the 2017 Global Responsibility Report include: Increasing Economic Opportunity in Retail Supply Chains Supporting Economic Mobility in Retail for Walmart Associates and Beyond Enhancing associate opportunity: Walmart is addressing barriers that can impede career advancement for associates. In FY2017, Walmart completed a $2.7 billion investment in U.S. associates that included increases in training, education and higher wages. Accelerating frontline retail job mobility beyond Walmart:  In addition to investing in its own associates, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation in 2015 launched the Retail Opportunity Initiative, a five-year, $100 million sector-wide effort aimed at strengthening the transferability of skills of the U.S. retail workforce and developing ways to make it easier for front-line workers to advance their careers.  Through the end of FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation invested more than $59 million and collaborated with leading nonprofits, employers, government agencies and educational institutions such as the Chicago Cook Workforce Partnership, The League of Innovation and the Aspen Institute.  Investing in American Jobs Supporting local, diverse and small businesses: In 2013, Walmart pledged to purchase $250 billion more in products supporting American jobs through 2023. To raise awareness for this initiative, Walmart hosted the U.S. Manufacturing Summit and Open Call for new U.S. made products in June 2016. Entrepreneurs from 40 states participated in 800 meetings at the event. Walmart, the Walmart Foundation and the U.S. Conference of Mayors launched a $10 million U.S. Manufacturing Innovation Fund in 2014. The fund supports innovative research into manufacturing processes. The FY2017 funding cycle marks the completion of the $10 million commitment; however, the projects continue to advance. Enhancing the Sustainability of Operations and Our Value Chain Reducing Emissions, Energy Intensity and Waste In Operations Setting emissions reduction goals:  Walmart is the first retailer with an approved science-based target emissions-reduction plan. The company aims to reduce its absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 18 percent by 2025. The retailer will also work with its suppliers to reduce CO2e, or carbon dioxide equivalent, emissions from upstream and downstream Scope 3 sources by one billion tons (a gigaton) between 2015 and 2030. Continued advancement toward 100 percent renewable energy goal: Walmart aspires to eliminate reliance on fossil fuel-based energy sources by meeting its needs with 100 percent renewable energy. By 2025, Walmart aims to power 50 percent of its operations with renewable energy. At the end of FY2017, approximately 26 percent of Walmart’s electricity needs globally were supplied by renewable sources, including more than 460 onsite and offsite projects in operation or under development globally. Progress toward zero waste goal: By the end of FY2017, Walmart diverted from landfills 82 percent of materials previously considered waste from Walmart U.S., and 77 percent* from Walmart International. As a large global grocer, Walmart is also committed to reducing food waste within its own operations. Since 2005, Walmart stores, clubs and distribution centers have donated more than 3.3 billion pounds of food to organizations that distribute to those in need in the U.S., including more than 600 million pounds in FY2017. Improving Sustainability in Global Value Chains Working with our suppliers: Since 2014, suppliers have reported a 96 percent reduction of high priority chemicals by weight in Walmart U.S. stores. In FY2017, Walmart reached a goal set in 2012, of buying 70 percent of the company’s U.S. goods from suppliers that participate in the Sustainability Index, in categories where the Index is available.  Strengthening Local Communities Relieving Hunger Efforts to donate 4 billion meals: Walmart and the Walmart Foundation surpassed the halfway point in their goal to provide 4 billion meals over five years, by providing support for 2.4 billion meals to date since 2014. In FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation donated more than $50 million toward hunger relief. Strengthening the capacity of hunger relief programs: Walmart and the Walmart Foundation are helping organizations who are on the front lines of charitable food provision to improve their infrastructure, so they can increase access to charitable meals.   In the U.S., Walmart stores and Sam’s Club locations teamed up with customers and participating suppliers to support Feeding America through the “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” campaign, raising more than $17 million in funds in FY2017. Engaging associates to volunteer: Walmart associates around the world are dedicated to addressing hunger. In the U.S. alone, Walmart associates donated more than 110,000 hours toward hunger relief in FY2017. In FY2017, 73,000 full-and part-time associates volunteered more than 1.2 million hours generating more than $12 million in Walmart donations. Strengthening Disaster Response and Community Preparedness Increasing disaster relief and preparedness efforts: In FY2017, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation supported communities after 30 disasters. A total of $6.8 million in cash donations was given specifically for disaster preparedness and relief. Access the Walmart 2017 Global Impact Report here  * Based on review of material handling and waste diversion processes in Argentina, Brazil, Canada, Central America, Chile, Japan, Mexico, South Africa, U.K., and U.S., as reported by waste vendors, food banks and stores. In cases where real numbers were not available due to industry challenges they have been estimated based on industry acceptable standards. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Tweet me: .@Walmart highlights progress in creating shared value in tenth annual Global Responsibility Report http://bit.ly/2oVcmf7 KEYWORDS: Research, Reports & Publications, Walmart CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Bronstein, Gewirtz & Grossman, LLC Announces Investigation of Ocwen Financial Corporation (OCN) Next PostNext Earth Week Guest Post: Reflections for New Business Leaders: Opportunity and Responsibility Search Recent Posts Global Blood Fat Analyzer Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 World Sports ATV Equipment Market 2021 Report with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends, Vendor Landscape Analysis & Forecast 2017 to 2021 Aggregometer Market: Evolving Technology, Trends and Industry Analysis 2022 Global Airport Display Systems Market 2017-2021 with Vendors Siemens,Rockwell Collins,Ultra-Electronics Dominating the Market Which Grow at 5.44% by 2021- Key Vendors Landscape & Analysis Pressure Monitoring Market 2022: Trends and Growth, Segmentation and Key Companies Proudly powered by WordPress
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit How Rich Is Queen Elizabeth and the Rest of the British Royal Family? The Financial Perks of Off-Season Travel 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market Bet You Didn’t Know Your FSA Can Cover These 7 Things Why You Need an HSA 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips Complete CD Tax Guide: From Death Taxes to Interest Income Taxes Here’s How Often CD Rates Change 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans 7 Best Home Improvement Loans Why Payday Loans Are Dangerous 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News 6 Marijuana Stocks to Consider in 2017 10 Collectible Investments More Valuable Than Gold 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News How to Open a Roth IRA 50 Things Every 50-Something Should Know About Retirement 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts How to Close a Checking Account for Free Cashier’s Check vs. Money Order: Here’s the Difference 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News 11 Must-Have Features All the Best Bank Accounts Offer Are Banks Open on Easter? 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips The ABCs of Credit: Tips to Be Smarter With Your Finances 6 Easiest Credit Cards to Get 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Videos Follow @GOBankingRates About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > News > Today's News > Groceries at Kroger and Target Just Got Cheaper, Thanks to Walmart Groceries at Kroger and Target Just Got Cheaper, Thanks to WalmartWalmart grocery competitors like Kroger have been forced to lower prices in order to attract budget-minded consumers. By GOBankingRates Staff | April 20, 2017   Walmart might have retired its “Always Low Prices” slogan, but the bargain mentality still reigns supreme at the world’s largest retailer. Nowhere is that more apparent than in the Walmart grocery department, where plunging prices are putting a dent in competitors’ profits. Walmart is testing strategic price drops on food and other select goods sold at its stores in the Southeast and Midwest. Quoting Wolfe Research data, the Wall Street Journal listed prices for a basket of grocery items at Philadelphia area Walmart stores as 5.8 percent lower than a year ago. A basket of groceries in Atlanta and Southern California markets were 4.9 and 2.7 percent cheaper, respectively. In 2015, Walmart executives said they would invest heavily to lower prices over a three-year span. Megan Cozier, Walmart’s senior vice president of packaged goods, said in a presentation to suppliers in February that Walmart wants its prices to be 15 percent lower than its competitors 80 percent of the time. Check Out: Walmart Shopping Tricks to Get the Most Bang for Your Buck The aggressive price-decrease strategy — which comes amidst intense competition from online grocery retailers like Amazon and other deep-discount brick-and-mortar grocers like Aldi — has resulted in the longest stretch in year-to-year food retail price decline since 1956. Walmart, which sells more food in the U.S. than any other grocer, has fought its competitors on price since its founding in 1962. However, it wasn’t until recently that other big grocers began to feel the pinch. Kroger, the nation’s biggest supermarket chain, recently reported its first quarterly decrease in same-store sales in 13 years. Operating profits for all U.S. supermarkets declined about 5 percent last year. Kroger has spent more than $3.7 billion to lower prices over the last decade to compete with Walmart prices, and Target has invested $400 million in online sales and price cuts. While this food fight is far from over, there is already one clear winner: U.S. consumers. Federal data shows shoppers paid 1.3 percent less for eggs, meat and other staples than they did the previous year. The decrease represents the steepest drop since 1959. Up Next: Costly Mistakes You’re Making While Grocery Shopping Share x Open a New Bank Account Check Out the Next Article 9 Secret Ways to Save Money at Chipotle Fans of the fast-casual Mexican restaurant can satisfy their cravings for less with these strategies. Related Articles McDonald’s Mobile Ordering: Big Revenue, but Bad for Customers? Ben Affleck Net Worth vs. Jennifer Garner Net Worth: Who Wins Out After the Divorce? United Airlines, Samsung and Other Brands That Lost Big Over PR Scandals Future Is Gloomy for Retailers as They Cut Jobs and Shutter Stores People are Reading Today Sponsored Links by Zergnet Comments Back to Top follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Right Reserved. Newsletter Sign-up: × Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available.  
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Research and Markets – The Future of Food Retailing in the United States 2017: Focus on Value Grocery Shopping Such as Walmart, Dollar Stores, Lidl and Aldi What could be said twenty years ago is even truer today: The U.S. food retailing business has never been more competitive. A number of trends are putting pressure on food retailers of all stripes, from supermarkets whose bread and butter is groceries to supercenters and drugstores for which food is a smaller but still crucial part of the product mix. Foremost are: 1) food deflation driven by heavy discounting; 2) shakeups among major chains; 3) heightened brick-and-mortar competition spurred by Germany-based discount retailers ALDI and Lidl; and 4) the incursion of e-commerce onto the food retailing landscape. For value grocers, the good news is that many of these trends bode well for the value grocery business as a whole. On the other hand, with the expansion of discount/limited-assortment chains including ALDI and Lidl, it appears value grocery will be at the epicenter of some of the most aggressive competition the grocery industry has seen since the Walmart-driven supercenter invasion of the 1990s. For a large majority and still growing number of Americans, value retailers are where it’s at when it comes to grocery shopping. Supercenters attract 177 million U.S. adults as monthly shoppers (more than traditional supermarkets), wholesale clubs kick in 91 million, dollar stores draw 53 million, and discount/limited-assortment grocery chains like ALDI lay claim to 42 million. And that’s just for starters. As of early 2017, the value grocery business is heating up for what may be the hottest contest since the advent of Walmart supercenters. Not since Tesco’s Fresh & Easy has a European grocery chain created such a buzz on the other side of the pond prior even to opening its first store, and right now the big word on the street is Lidl. Fresh & Easy was a colossal flop, but there’s no reason to expect anything of the sort from Lidl, a German discount/limited-assortment grocery chains grocer à la Germany-based ALDI. Fielding more than 10,000 stores in Europe, Lidl has cut into ALDI’s European business and, along with ALDI, forced into deep-discount mode massive competitors including Walmart’s Asda U.K. grocery unit. As of early 2017, Lidl plans to open at least 100 U.S. stores per year on its way to a buildout of as many as 2,000 stores. Already on the defensive, ALDI has gone into accelerated expansion mode with the goal of growing its U.S. footprint to nearly 2,000 stores by the end of 2018 and by almost 50% during the next five years, accompanied by a $1.6 billion plan to remodel and expand 1,300 of its U.S. stores by 2020. Also girding for deep-discount battle is Walmart. In January 2017, Walmart announced plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs and raise the minimum wage for its U.S. workers, and began testing a new low-price strategy aimed at undercutting ALDI and by extension Lidl. Like Target, Walmart is also investing in smaller stores designed to better compete with discount/limited-assortment grocery chains and dollar stores, the latter of which began cutting into Walmart’s bread and butter during the Great Recession. Also contributing to the ramped- up competition is e-commerce, particularly as Walmart and other grocers get serious about taking on Amazon and home delivery grocery services like Fresh Direct and Peapod. Outlaying several billion dollars, Walmart has snatched up e-commerce players including Jet.com, Shoebuy.com, and Moosejaw.com, and Walmart and other value retailers are now implementing bricks meet clicks services deigned to coordinate online grocery ordering with in-store pickup. Increasingly, such services involve smartphones and apps designed to help shoppers avoid lines and in some cases scan and pay as they go. This report also explores the future of natural and fresh foods vis-à-vis the value grocery shopper, the impact of private labels and name brands, and the transformative and increasingly overlapping Millennial and Hispanic cohorts. The report profiles value grocery retailers across four sectorssupercenters (e.g., Walmart, SuperTarget, Kmart), wholesale clubs (Costco, Sam’s, BJ’s), dollar stores (Dollar Tree, Family Dollar, Dollar General), and discount/limited-assortment grocery chains (ALDI, Lidl, Food 4 Less)and analyzes shopper behavior including penetration rates, preferences, cross-shopping at other grocery channels, demographics, and psychographics using trended multi-year Simmons consumer survey data. Key Topics Covered: Chapter 1: Executive Summary Trends And Opportunities Supercenters And Mass Merchandisers Wholesale Clubs Dollar Stores Discount/Limited-Assortment Chains Chapter 2: Trends And Opportunities Chapter Highlights Market Outlook Chapter 3: Supercenters And Mass Merchandisers Chapter Highlights Overview Retailer Profile: Walmart Stores, Inc. Retailer Profile: Target Corp. Retailer Profile: Kmart Retailer Profile: Meijer Retailer Profile: Fred Meyer Chapter 4: Wholesale Clubs Chapter Highlights Overview Retailer Profile: Costco Wholesale Corp. Retailer Profile: Sam’s Club Retailer Profile: Bj’s Wholesale Club Chapter 5: Dollar Stores Chapter Highlights Overview Retailer Profile: Dollar Tree, Inc. Retailer Profile: Dollar General Corp. Chapter 6: Discount/Limited-Assortment Chains Chapter Highlights Overview Retailer Profile: Aldi Retailer Profile: Save-A-Lot Retailer Brief: Food 4 Less For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/84tv2h/the_future_of Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/research-and-markets—the-future-of-food-retailing-in-the-united-states-2017-focus-on-value-grocery-shopping-such-as-walmart-dollar-stores-lidl-and-aldi-300442936.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FatPipe Networks Collaborates with Wind River to Accelerate Deployment of NFV Solutions Next PostNext Quadron Receives $305,000 Order for its Cannabis Oil Vape Pen Units and Cartridges Search Recent Posts Global Automotive Camera Module Market Research and Analysis 2016-2021 Medical Automation Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application; Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin Analysis to 2022 Medical Adhesives Market Opportunities, Demands, Size, Share, Trends, Industry Sales Area and Its Competitors by 2022 Global Thin Wafer Market 2021 Analyzed in New Research Report Global Electric Radiator Market 2021: Forecasts, Analysis, Overview and Trends Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Research and Markets - The Future of Food Retailing in the United States 2017: Focus on Value Grocery Shopping Such as Walmart, Dollar Stores, Lidl and Aldi News provided by Research and Markets 20 Apr, 2017, 14:30 ET Share this article DUBLIN, Apr. 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "The Future of Food Retailing: Value Grocery Shopping in the U.S." report to their offering. What could be said twenty years ago is even truer today: The U.S. food retailing business has never been more competitive. A number of trends are putting pressure on food retailers of all stripes, from supermarkets whose bread and butter is groceries to supercenters and drugstores for which food is a smaller but still crucial part of the product mix. Foremost are: 1) food deflation driven by heavy discounting; 2) shakeups among major chains; 3) heightened brick-and-mortar competition spurred by Germany-based discount retailers ALDI and Lidl; and 4) the incursion of e-commerce onto the food retailing landscape. For value grocers, the good news is that many of these trends bode well for the value grocery business as a whole. On the other hand, with the expansion of discount/limited-assortment chains including ALDI and Lidl, it appears value grocery will be at the epicenter of some of the most aggressive competition the grocery industry has seen since the Walmart-driven supercenter invasion of the 1990s. For a large majority and still growing number of Americans, value retailers are where it's at when it comes to grocery shopping. Supercenters attract 177 million U.S. adults as monthly shoppers (more than traditional supermarkets), wholesale clubs kick in 91 million, dollar stores draw 53 million, and discount/limited-assortment grocery chains like ALDI lay claim to 42 million. And that's just for starters. As of early 2017, the value grocery business is heating up for what may be the hottest contest since the advent of Walmart supercenters. Not since Tesco's Fresh & Easy has a European grocery chain created such a buzz on the other side of the pond prior even to opening its first store, and right now the big word on the street is Lidl. Fresh & Easy was a colossal flop, but there's no reason to expect anything of the sort from Lidl, a German discount/limited-assortment grocery chains grocer à la Germany-based ALDI. Fielding more than 10,000 stores in Europe, Lidl has cut into ALDI's European business and, along with ALDI, forced into deep-discount mode massive competitors including Walmart's Asda U.K. grocery unit. As of early 2017, Lidl plans to open at least 100 U.S. stores per year on its way to a buildout of as many as 2,000 stores. Already on the defensive, ALDI has gone into accelerated expansion mode with the goal of growing its U.S. footprint to nearly 2,000 stores by the end of 2018 and by almost 50% during the next five years, accompanied by a $1.6 billion plan to remodel and expand 1,300 of its U.S. stores by 2020. Also girding for deep-discount battle is Walmart. In January 2017, Walmart announced plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs and raise the minimum wage for its U.S. workers, and began testing a new low-price strategy aimed at undercutting ALDI and by extension Lidl. Like Target, Walmart is also investing in smaller stores designed to better compete with discount/limited-assortment grocery chains and dollar stores, the latter of which began cutting into Walmart's bread and butter during the Great Recession. Also contributing to the ramped- up competition is e-commerce, particularly as Walmart and other grocers get serious about taking on Amazon and home delivery grocery services like Fresh Direct and Peapod. Outlaying several billion dollars, Walmart has snatched up e-commerce players including Jet.com, Shoebuy.com, and Moosejaw.com, and Walmart and other value retailers are now implementing bricks meet clicks services deigned to coordinate online grocery ordering with in-store pickup. Increasingly, such services involve smartphones and apps designed to help shoppers avoid lines and in some cases scan and pay as they go. This report also explores the future of natural and fresh foods vis-à-vis the value grocery shopper, the impact of private labels and name brands, and the transformative and increasingly overlapping Millennial and Hispanic cohorts. The report profiles value grocery retailers across four sectorssupercenters (e.g., Walmart, SuperTarget, Kmart), wholesale clubs (Costco, Sam's, BJ's), dollar stores (Dollar Tree, Family Dollar, Dollar General), and discount/limited-assortment grocery chains (ALDI, Lidl, Food 4 Less)and analyzes shopper behavior including penetration rates, preferences, cross-shopping at other grocery channels, demographics, and psychographics using trended multi-year Simmons consumer survey data. Key Topics Covered: Chapter 1: Executive Summary Trends And Opportunities Supercenters And Mass Merchandisers Wholesale Clubs Dollar Stores Discount/Limited-Assortment Chains Chapter 2: Trends And Opportunities Chapter Highlights Market Outlook Chapter 3: Supercenters And Mass Merchandisers Chapter Highlights Overview Retailer Profile: Walmart Stores, Inc. Retailer Profile: Target Corp. Retailer Profile: Kmart Retailer Profile: Meijer Retailer Profile: Fred Meyer Chapter 4: Wholesale Clubs Chapter Highlights Overview Retailer Profile: Costco Wholesale Corp. Retailer Profile: Sam's Club Retailer Profile: Bj's Wholesale Club Chapter 5: Dollar Stores Chapter Highlights Overview Retailer Profile: Dollar Tree, Inc. Retailer Profile: Dollar General Corp. Chapter 6: Discount/Limited-Assortment Chains Chapter Highlights Overview Retailer Profile: Aldi Retailer Profile: Save-A-Lot Retailer Brief: Food 4 Less For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/84tv2h/the_future_of Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/research-and-markets---the-future-of-food-retailing-in-the-united-states-2017-focus-on-value-grocery-shopping-such-as-walmart-dollar-stores-lidl-and-aldi-300442936.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 20 Apr, 2017, 14:45 ET Preview: Global Diesel Gensets Market 2012-2017 & 2022 - Research and Markets 20 Apr, 2017, 14:15 ET Preview: Germany $58 Billion Automotive Components Market Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2021 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 20 Apr, 2017, 14:45 ET Global Internet of Things (IoT) in Warehouse Management Market... 20 Apr, 2017, 14:45 ET Global Diesel Gensets Market 2012-2017 & 2022 - Research and... Explore More news releases in similar topics Food & Beverages Retail Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - The Future of Food Retailing in the United States 2017: Focus on Value Grocery Shopping Such as Walmart, Dollar Stores, Lidl and Aldi News provided by Research and Markets 20 Apr, 2017, 14:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News KeyCorp Weighs in on Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (WMT) Cypress Capital Management LLC WY Reduces Position in salesforce.com, inc. (CRM) Southwest Airlines Co (LUV) Shares Bought by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Whitnell & Co. Has $637,000 Stake in State Street Corp (STT) Quantitative Systematic Strategies LLC Boosts Position in Shire PLC (SHPG) Energy Transfer Partners LP (ETP) Shares Sold by Whitnell & Co. Micron Technology, Inc. (MU) Shares Bought by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Brokers Offer Predictions for Prologis Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (PLD) Pulse Biosciences Inc (PLSE) Major Shareholder Robert W. Duggan Acquires 150,123 Shares of Stock Cardinal Financial Co. (CFNL) COO Alice P. Frazier Sells 91,333 Shares Hunters Property PLC (HUNT) Insider Edward (“Ed”) Anthony Jones Purchases 45,000 Shares of Stock Cheniere Energy, Inc. (LNG) Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research to “Buy” Tesoro Logistics’ (TLLP) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Jefferies Group LLC Integrated Device Technology Inc (IDTI) Upgraded to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Science Applications International Corp (SAIC) Receives “Market Perform” Rating from Cowen and Company Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Western Alliance Bancorporation (WAL) Share Price Zacks: Brokerages Expect Universal Technical Institute, Inc. (UTI) to Post -$0.16 Earnings Per Share Recent Investment Analysts’ Ratings Changes for Merck KGaA (MRK) CSX’s (CSX) Outperform Rating Reiterated at FBR & Co Thomson Reuters Corp (TRI) Given a C$50.00 Price Target at Berenberg Bank KeyCorp Weighs in on Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (WMT) April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Estimates - Finance Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) – Analysts at KeyCorp raised their Q1 2018 EPS estimates for Wal-Mart Stores in a note issued to investors on Monday. KeyCorp analyst E. Yruma now anticipates that the retailer will post earnings of $0.98 per share for the quarter, up from their previous estimate of $0.96. KeyCorp currently has a “Overweight” rating and a $90.00 target price on the stock. KeyCorp also issued estimates for Wal-Mart Stores’ Q2 2018 earnings at $1.08 EPS, Q3 2018 earnings at $0.97 EPS and FY2018 earnings at $4.35 EPS. A number of other equities analysts have also recently commented on WMT. Cowen and Company reissued an “outperform” rating and set a $83.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $74.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Wednesday, February 22nd. Jefferies Group LLC reissued a “buy” rating and set a $86.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, April 7th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc initiated coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, February 10th. They set a “positive” rating and a $80.00 price target for the company. Finally, MKM Partners set a $72.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “hold” rating in a report on Saturday, February 18th. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have given a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $75.33. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: “KeyCorp Weighs in on Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s Q1 2018 Earnings (WMT)” was first reported by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another publication, it was copied illegally and reposted in violation of U.S. and international trademark and copyright law. The original version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/keycorp-weighs-in-on-wal-mart-stores-incs-q1-2018-earnings-wmt.html. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) traded up 1.38% on Thursday, hitting $75.09. The company had a trading volume of 4,121,434 shares. The company has a market capitalization of $227.75 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.14 and a beta of 0.09. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $71.16 and a 200 day moving average price of $69.83. Wal-Mart Stores has a 12-month low of $62.72 and a 12-month high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company earned $129.75 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $130.22 billion. During the same period in the prior year, the business earned $1.49 earnings per share. Wal-Mart Stores’s revenue for the quarter was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. The company also recently announced a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be given a $0.51 dividend. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.75%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, December 6th. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio is currently 43.48%. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 16th. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total value of $211,500,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $740,752,453.50. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is accessible through this link. Also, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total value of $320,418,144.94. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 6,748,580 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $476,044,833.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock valued at $1,110,035,611 over the last three months. Company insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. A number of hedge funds have recently added to or reduced their stakes in the company. Dodge & Cox acquired a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter valued at about $1,503,922,000. DZ BANK AG Deutsche Zentral Genossenschafts Bank Frankfurt am Main acquired a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter valued at about $274,739,000. The Manufacturers Life Insurance Company acquired a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $262,122,000. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 58.0% in the third quarter. TIAA CREF Investment Management LLC now owns 9,776,421 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $705,075,000 after buying an additional 3,588,060 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Two Sigma Advisers LP acquired a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $237,230,000. 29.69% of the stock is owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Research and Markets - The Future of Food Retailing in the United States 2017: Focus on Value Grocery Shopping Such as Walmart, Dollar Stores, Lidl and Aldi News provided by Research and Markets 20 Apr, 2017, 19:30 BST Share this article DUBLIN, Apr. 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "The Future of Food Retailing: Value Grocery Shopping in the U.S." report to their offering. What could be said twenty years ago is even truer today: The U.S. food retailing business has never been more competitive. A number of trends are putting pressure on food retailers of all stripes, from supermarkets whose bread and butter is groceries to supercenters and drugstores for which food is a smaller but still crucial part of the product mix. Foremost are: 1) food deflation driven by heavy discounting; 2) shakeups among major chains; 3) heightened brick-and-mortar competition spurred by Germany-based discount retailers ALDI and Lidl; and 4) the incursion of e-commerce onto the food retailing landscape. For value grocers, the good news is that many of these trends bode well for the value grocery business as a whole. On the other hand, with the expansion of discount/limited-assortment chains including ALDI and Lidl, it appears value grocery will be at the epicenter of some of the most aggressive competition the grocery industry has seen since the Walmart-driven supercenter invasion of the 1990s. For a large majority and still growing number of Americans, value retailers are where it's at when it comes to grocery shopping. Supercenters attract 177 million U.S. adults as monthly shoppers (more than traditional supermarkets), wholesale clubs kick in 91 million, dollar stores draw 53 million, and discount/limited-assortment grocery chains like ALDI lay claim to 42 million. And that's just for starters. As of early 2017, the value grocery business is heating up for what may be the hottest contest since the advent of Walmart supercenters. Not since Tesco's Fresh & Easy has a European grocery chain created such a buzz on the other side of the pond prior even to opening its first store, and right now the big word on the street is Lidl. Fresh & Easy was a colossal flop, but there's no reason to expect anything of the sort from Lidl, a German discount/limited-assortment grocery chains grocer à la Germany-based ALDI. Fielding more than 10,000 stores in Europe, Lidl has cut into ALDI's European business and, along with ALDI, forced into deep-discount mode massive competitors including Walmart's Asda U.K. grocery unit. As of early 2017, Lidl plans to open at least 100 U.S. stores per year on its way to a buildout of as many as 2,000 stores. Already on the defensive, ALDI has gone into accelerated expansion mode with the goal of growing its U.S. footprint to nearly 2,000 stores by the end of 2018 and by almost 50% during the next five years, accompanied by a $1.6 billion plan to remodel and expand 1,300 of its U.S. stores by 2020. Also girding for deep-discount battle is Walmart. In January 2017, Walmart announced plans to add 10,000 U.S. jobs and raise the minimum wage for its U.S. workers, and began testing a new low-price strategy aimed at undercutting ALDI and by extension Lidl. Like Target, Walmart is also investing in smaller stores designed to better compete with discount/limited-assortment grocery chains and dollar stores, the latter of which began cutting into Walmart's bread and butter during the Great Recession. Also contributing to the ramped- up competition is e-commerce, particularly as Walmart and other grocers get serious about taking on Amazon and home delivery grocery services like Fresh Direct and Peapod. Outlaying several billion dollars, Walmart has snatched up e-commerce players including Jet.com, Shoebuy.com, and Moosejaw.com, and Walmart and other value retailers are now implementing bricks meet clicks services deigned to coordinate online grocery ordering with in-store pickup. Increasingly, such services involve smartphones and apps designed to help shoppers avoid lines and in some cases scan and pay as they go. This report also explores the future of natural and fresh foods vis-à-vis the value grocery shopper, the impact of private labels and name brands, and the transformative and increasingly overlapping Millennial and Hispanic cohorts. The report profiles value grocery retailers across four sectorssupercenters (e.g., Walmart, SuperTarget, Kmart), wholesale clubs (Costco, Sam's, BJ's), dollar stores (Dollar Tree, Family Dollar, Dollar General), and discount/limited-assortment grocery chains (ALDI, Lidl, Food 4 Less)and analyzes shopper behavior including penetration rates, preferences, cross-shopping at other grocery channels, demographics, and psychographics using trended multi-year Simmons consumer survey data. Key Topics Covered: Chapter 1: Executive Summary Trends And Opportunities Supercenters And Mass Merchandisers Wholesale Clubs Dollar Stores Discount/Limited-Assortment Chains Chapter 2: Trends And Opportunities Chapter Highlights Market Outlook Chapter 3: Supercenters And Mass Merchandisers Chapter Highlights Overview Retailer Profile: Walmart Stores, Inc. Retailer Profile: Target Corp. Retailer Profile: Kmart Retailer Profile: Meijer Retailer Profile: Fred Meyer Chapter 4: Wholesale Clubs Chapter Highlights Overview Retailer Profile: Costco Wholesale Corp. Retailer Profile: Sam's Club Retailer Profile: Bj's Wholesale Club Chapter 5: Dollar Stores Chapter Highlights Overview Retailer Profile: Dollar Tree, Inc. Retailer Profile: Dollar General Corp. Chapter 6: Discount/Limited-Assortment Chains Chapter Highlights Overview Retailer Profile: Aldi Retailer Profile: Save-A-Lot Retailer Brief: Food 4 Less For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/84tv2h/the_future_of Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 20 Apr, 2017, 19:45 BST Preview: Global Diesel Gensets Market 2012-2017 & 2022 - Research and Markets 20 Apr, 2017, 19:15 BST Preview: Germany $58 Billion Automotive Components Market Competition Forecast and Opportunities, 2021 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 20 Apr, 2017, 20:00 BSTGlobal Internet of Things (IoT) in Warehouse Management Market... 20 Apr, 2017, 19:45 BSTGlobal Diesel Gensets Market 2012-2017 & 2022 - Research and... Explore More news releases in similar topics Food & Beverages Retail Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Research and Markets - The Future of Food Retailing in the United States 2017: Focus on Value Grocery Shopping Such as Walmart, Dollar Stores, Lidl and Aldi News provided by Research and Markets 20 Apr, 2017, 19:30 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Skip to main content Home Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events Video Contact Us SUBSCRIBE Press enter to search Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events Video Contact Us Walmart's Mobile Payment Option Rolls Out Nationwide Press enter to search Walmart's Mobile Payment Option Rolls Out Nationwide By Jamie Grill-Goodman - 07/07/2016 After months of gradually rolling out Walmart Pay, the mobile payment solution is officially available in all 4,600 Walmart stores in the U.S. The rollout began in December, with a big push into 3,300 stores over the last three weeks, according to Molly Blakeman, Senior Manager, National Media Relations at Walmart. So far, the time-saving payment option has been favored by users; Eighty-two percent of customers that used it during the rollout would recommend using Walmart Pay and three out of four customers have given Walmart Pay a five star rating in the Walmart app. “There is something very powerful about the ease and simplicity of Walmart Pay,” said Daniel Eckert, senior vice president, services, Walmart U.S. “What’s even more powerful though, is what this means for our customers. We want to make every day easier for busy families. We’re connecting all the parts of Walmart into one seamless shopping experience with great stores, easy pickup, fast delivery, frictionless checkout and apps and websites that are simple to use.” Available through the Walmart app, Walmart Pay works with any iOS or Android device, at any checkout lane, and with any credit, debit, pre-paid or Walmart gift card. Shoppers with a Walamart.com account, set up via mobile or desktop, select a payment form to be their Walmart Pay default. Then when they open the Walmart app and choose Walmart Pay and it actives the phone's camera. After entering a pin or ID it allows them to scan the app to pay. Walmart Pay transactions are secure, taking place behind Walmart’s firewalls – no payment credentials are ever stored on a customer’s phone or exchanged at the point of sale. Everything with Walmart Pay is stored in a secure, cloud-based environment.  Thus, if a customer loses their phone the account can't be accessed. Shoppers seem willing to try it. Walmart Pay transactions increased 45% in the last week since the nationwide launch and 88 percent of transactions are coming from repeat Walmart Pay users. "Our customers have long counted on us to save them money, but now we know what's almost as important is time," said Blakeman.  A rollout this wide doesn't come without it challenges. According to Blakeman, a certain level of training needs to take place and the company set up some robust training programs. Programs included everything from videos and articles for the associates to in-store training to show Walmart associates how to use it. "It's not just payment for payments sake, but it really is a tool that's making shopping better at Walmart. Not only in terms of payment, but what it can lead to down the road," explained Blakeman. “Walmart Pay is just the beginning,” said Eckert, hinting there may be more in store for the mobile payments solution down the road. “We’re building deeper relationships with our customers across our ecosystem and are looking forward to delivering new tools like Walmart Pay that allow them to use the Walmart App as their remote control for a faster, more convenient shopping experience.” Walmart Pay is one of the newest additions to the Walmart app, which boasts more than 20 million active users. The app offers multiple abilities for consumers, from refilling a pharmacy prescription to building a gift registry and finding where an item is located in store. SHARE YOU MAY ALSO LIKE Omnichannel Walmart Expands Capabilities as Online Shopping and Traffic Grows Mobile Commerce Three Ways to Maximize Mobile Attachment Wi-Fi Apple Takes Mobile Payment to the Next Level, Unveils Apple Pay E-Commerce Three Ways E-commerce Is Still Broken for the Developer Community Omnichannel Is Your Mobile Wallet Catching the Eye of Consumers? RELATED TOPICS Mobile Wallet Mobile Devices Marketing POS Mobile Apps Mobile Commerce Security Mobile Strategy Footer Social LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Facebook Footer Contact Us Editorial Board Media Kit Privacy Statement Terms & Conditions © 2017 EnsembleIQ, All Rights Reserved
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Wal-Mart top five execs earn more than $60 million in recent fiscal year Bill Halter and L’Oréal are counting on the sun Phoenix Investors to spend $10 million on former Whirlpool plant, already in talks with tenant prospects J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas executes first death row inmate since 2005; Ledell Lee executed shortly before midnight U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy calls U.S. Marshals Museum ‘living monument’ to law enforcement Death row inmate Ledell Lee likely to be executed, Stacey Johnson’s execution will not happen (Updated) Little Rock mayor rebukes state legislature, Congressmen over Internet sales tax TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy calls U.S. Marshals Museum ‘living monument’ to law enforcement Wal-Mart top five execs earn more than $60 million in recent fiscal year Phoenix Investors to spend $10 million on former Whirlpool plant, already in talks with tenant prospects J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office TB&P Daily: John Brummett on state executions past, present and future Reps. Reginald Murdock and Andy Davis discuss legislative session, death penalty politics TB&P Daily: Brooke Vines of Vines Media U.S. Rep. Hill wants President Trump leadership on tax reform Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy The Supply Side: App offers real-time answers to retail questions USA Truck hires new CFO, also brings on new human resources exec Arkansas trucking group marks 85 years of advocating for the industry Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart gearing up for Lidl’s U.S. store openings; suppliers warned of deeper price wars BusinessLatest NewsNorthwest Arkansas by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 13 hours ago 660 views  Tags: Lidl 0 SHARES Share Tweet This Lidl store recently opened in Arcole, Italy, is roughly the size of the format planned in the U.S. (36,170 square feet). New stores are being planned in eight states from New Jersey to Georgia along the Atlantic coast. Four stores are already planned in North Carolina and two in Pennsylvania as the retailer continues to seek out site selections. A “threat” to existing players in the U.S. grocery market is set to invade the East Coast, according to Mike Paglia, director of retail insights at Kantar Retail. Lidl, the German discounter, will open its first 20 stores next month in the Carolinas and Virginia. “Lidl’s entry in the U.S. is the single biggest threat to the grocery market in many years,” Paglia told Wal-Mart suppliers in Bentonville at the Doing Business in Bentonville breakfast on Thursday (April 20). ”Lidl has been massively disruptive in every market they have entered. They have a track record of 28 and 1 over the past 40 years.” Paglia said while it’s just 20 stores to start, Lidl has a plan to be in 28 markets and he believes they will have up to 100 stores a year from now focused mostly along the Atlantic states and then Texas, where it’s German competitor Aldi is doing well. By 2023, Paglia said Lidl could report $9 billion in U.S. sales, which is basically the size of Family Dollar. Within five years he said LIdl could have 600 stores, which is more than H-E-B. “They (Lidl) will disrupt lots of folks and everyone is going to feel some pain in some shape or form,” Paglia warned. He said there are many misconceptions about Lidl and it would be dangerous to not consider them a threat. Lidl will surprise many as a mid-marketer that puts them in closer contact with Target, Wal-Mart and Kroger, more so than the pure Dollar stores. He said Wal-Mart is at high risk and the retailer knows it, he said. Lidl and Aldi garnered market share in the United Kingdom against Wal Mart’s Asda division. Fourth quarter comparable-store sales fell 2.9% at Asda, which was an improvement from steeper declines in previous quarters. Walmart International CEO David Cheesewright said in February comp sales remained under pressure in the recent quarter. He said the plan to combat competition is to continue to simplify the offer, improve product availability, and make strategic investments in service and price – in other words, reduce prices. BEWARE OF PRICE WARS Paglia said the strategy Asda has used against Lidl hasn’t worked because it plays into the hands of the competition. He said an all-out price war on branded items can also be detrimental to suppliers. A recent basket price comparison between Lidl and Asda conducted in March by Kantar showed that a basket of name brand products was 15% cheaper at Lidl than Asda. That’s how far Lidl will go to grab market share. Laura Kennedy, head of Wal-Mart insights for Kantar, told the suppliers at Thursday’s meeting that this kind of price spread among branded products was “mind boggling.” Kennedy said Walmart U.S. is already reacting to the Lidl threat by doubling down on price investments and store remodels in key markets like the Carolinas. She said suppliers need to be vocal with Wal-Mart and across their own organization about the dangers of steep price rollbacks on premium brands. She said if the Lidl team gets a low price for a premium product like Tide, then Wal-Mart will want that same price from the supplier. Kennedy urges suppliers to use their own data and share it with Wal-Mart to try and protect their brand equity where they can. MOVING TARGET Making it more difficult to compete against Lidl is the retailer’s rotational product strategy. Products are brought into Lidl and sold for a period of time, but they are eventually phased out and new ones take their place. Kantar said there will some exceptions to that rule in the U.S. as the retailer will want to build consistency with recognizable brands for American consumers. Historically, Lidl is about 80% private brands, but the retailer will likely rely on more named brands to help drive traffic when it first opens stores. Paglia said the Lidl stores in the U.S are larger than the European stores. At roughly 36,000 square feet they are similar to the size of Walmart Neighborhood Market. The stores will have fresh produce and bakery in the front of the store. There are five or six wide aisles which are easy to maneuver. There are 13 checkout stations which is an indication of how busy execs believe the stores will be. Like Aldi, Paglia said, the stores will use drop pallets and moveable fixtures so that the stores can be reconfigured overnight. He warned suppliers that it will be important to walk the Lidl stores regularly because the product is always rotating as the retailer seeks to keep the experience fresh and new for its customers. “Lidl is a moving target. You can’t just visit a store once or twice and think you have it. You will miss it,” Paglia said. WAL-MART STRENGTHS Some areas where Wal-Mart has Lidl beat is in services provided and online grocery pickup, where Lidl has no strategy. Kennedy told suppliers to look at ways to emphasize “hero categories and services” for Wal-Mart. She said toys, baby, entertainment, pharmacy and health are wins for Wal-Mart. She urged suppliers to look for ways to link the hero categories to consumables. She said toy suppliers might give away a small toy to children having in-store immunizations, or high-protein snack makers might sample products near the pharmacy area. Kennedy also urged Wal-Mart suppliers to keep close track of the performance of stores in the new Lidl trading areas and have an intervention plan ready if sales begin to slide. She said the price gaps found in the recent comparison indicated Lidl was 36% cheaper on dry spaghetti, but higher on some items than Asda. She said Lidl’s strategy is take some prices much lower and then protect margin on others. It will be prudent for Wal-Mart look at rollbacks strategically and not simply try and match a low price elsewhere. ‘MARKET SHARE-GRABBING NIGHTMARE’ Kantar is not the only retail consultant firm to call Lidl a big threat. “Be afraid, very afraid. Lidl presents a looming threat to any and all U.S. grocery and dollar stores. The combination of Aldi and Lidl is a market share-grabbing nightmare,” Carol Spieckerman, CEO of Spieckerman Retail, told Talk Business & Politics a year ago. “No doubt Walmart has been paying attention, prepping for the incursion and even learning from these hard discounters. Walmart’s relentless focus on in-store efficiency and backroom-to-shelf agility in particular being one example.” A recent report from Fayetteville-based Field Agent asked consumers in the United Kingdom to compare Asda to its German competitors Aldi and Lidl. In most cases the agents who participated in the survey said they favored Asda over the other two, but hard sales data indicated Asda lost sales to Lidl. Paglia said last year Lidl drew away the equivalent of $130.743 million in sales volume from Asda and Tesco in the United Kingdom. He said the threat is real, but it doesn’t have to be a crushing blow if suppliers will work with Wal-Mart on smart pricing strategies and cross promotional opportunities to accentuate the areas of services and one-stop shopping offered at Wal-Mart. Comments comments Previous post Real Deals: Pinnacle estate home sells for $1.9 million Next post J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, germ wagons, and getting state-ified Latest Popular Arkansas executes first death row inmate since 2005; Ledell Lee executed shortly before midnight 2 hours ago U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy calls U.S. Marshals Museum ‘living monument’ to law enforcement 4 hours ago Wal-Mart top five execs earn more than $60 million in recent fiscal year 5 hours ago Death row inmate Ledell Lee likely to be executed, Stacey Johnson’s execution will not happen (Updated) 8 hours ago Bill Halter and L’Oréal are counting on the sun 8 hours ago Fort Smith businessman announces major overhaul of downtown property 4,059 views Nine Bentonville office buildings sell for $25.1 million 1,935 views Arkansas Supreme Court removes Judge Griffen from death penalty cases, Senate President cautions members on impeachment 1,678 views Wal-Mart tech exec Marc Lore pushes plan to make up for lost time 1,554 views Damien Echols, Johnny Depp attend anti-execution rally in Little Rock 1,254 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Luke Sharett/Bloomberg Wal-Mart Wants Suppliers to Eliminate a Gigaton of Greenhouse Gases by 2030 The retail giant can only do so much to combat climate change on its own. by Matthew Boyle @bizboyle More stories by Matthew Boyle April 20, 2017, 12:20 PM EDT From Wal-Mart Stores Inc., long known for squeezing its suppliers on prices, is now pressuring companies including Unilever and Colgate-Palmolive Co. to help the world’s biggest retailer remove a billion metric tons of greenhouse gas emissions from its supply chain by 2030. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up The retailer’s target—which it’s calling Project Gigaton—equates to taking 211 million passenger vehicles off the road for an entire year, according to a statement from the company. As part of the goal, Wal-Mart will also look to reduce emissions in its own operations by 18 percent by 2025. The bulk of the reduction will come from suppliers including General Mills Inc., Campbell Soup Co., and Unilever, according to Laura Phillips, Wal-Mart’s senior vice president for sustainability. “We’ve made progress in our own operations, but this is taking us deeper into our supply chain,” Phillips said in an interview on Tuesday at the company’s Bentonville, Ark., headquarters. “We need our top suppliers to take more action.” Wal-Mart has long been known for browbeating suppliers to lower the cost of everything from toilet paper to tires. Now it’s employing similar means of persuasion to carbon emissions, with the added incentive that vendors can save money themselves by, say, reducing the amount of packaging for a bottle of shampoo. The 1 billion-metric-ton, or 1-gigaton, target represents a significant step up from Wal-Mart’s previous goal to eliminate 20 million metric tons of emissions by the end of 2015, which it surpassed. The retailer boosted its broader sustainability targets last November, saying it would get half its power from renewable sources by 2025, up from 25 percent. The new goal comes as President Donald Trump moves to dismantle Obama-era climate policies and weighs whether to reject last year’s Paris climate pact. Wal-Mart was one of the more than 150 companies that promised to reduce emissions ahead of the Paris negotiations, and former Chairman Rob Walton has been a vocal supporter of climate science. Wal-Mart has identified six areas where suppliers can focus their clean energy efforts: agriculture, waste, packaging, deforestation, and product use and design. At an event on Wednesday in Bentonville, HP Inc. unveiled a printer that uses 30 percent less energy while in sleep mode, and cereal maker Kellogg Co. said it could save $30 million by reducing waste 15 percent by 2020. “One-third of all the food produced is wasted,” Kellogg Chief Executive Officer John Bryant said in an interview at the event. Eliminating that waste, he said, is one of the company’s “large, long-term goals.” Reducing emissions beyond a company’s own operations can be challenging, as Dove soapmaker Unilever has found. The company pledged in 2010 to halve the greenhouse gas impact of its products by 2020, by asking consumers to do things like take shorter showers. But it has since pushed that target back to 2030 as the company found it difficult to influence consumer behavior. To make sure everyone is meeting those goals, Wal-Mart is working with nongovernmental organizations including the World Wildlife Fund and the Environmental Defense Fund to help suppliers track their progress. Companies are not shrinking in the face of potential political opposition to climate goals—they’re “doubling down,” said Carter Roberts, CEO of World Wildlife Fund. “People in our country are looking for leadership around issues their kids care about,” he said. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Ivanka Fights to Protect Her First Name The Real World of Oil Has a Warning for Financial Markets A Look at the Ugly Side of Getting Rich Subway Shuts Hundreds of U.S. Stores Elon Musk Nears $1.4 Billion Windfall as Tesla Hits Milestones Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Follow us Share on Facebook Share on Twitter AOL Mail Click to Open Quick Navigation Downloads Free Email Mobile Apps AIM Discover AOL MyBenefits ID Protection Travel Tips Games Favorites Maps PC Checkup Search The Web Search Aol.com Search Business Careers Personal Finance Retirement Real Estate My Portfolios Resources Finance Collective Meet the Young Founders of Chewy.com, Which PetSmart Just Bought for $3.35 Billion Before you go, we thought you'd like these... READ MORE READ MORE READ MORE Share Emily Canal Apr 20th 2017 11:32AM This will be the largest e-commerce deal in history after Walmart's acquisition of Jet.com. Retail chain PetSmart has acquired pet food and product site Chewy for $3.35 billion on Tuesday, Recode reported. The deal is the largest e-commerce acquisition in history, beating Walmart's $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com in August 2016. More From Inc.com: Richard Branson's 5 a.m. Workout and 5 Other Morning Habits of Successful Billionaires Chewy is one of the fast-growing e-commerce sites. In 2016, after just five years of operation, it counted nearly $900 million in revenue. The Fort Lauderdale-based company is known for its 24-hour customer service and sells products for dogs, cats, birds, reptiles and even horses. CEO Ryan Cohen and CTO Michael Day launched the company in 2011, after meeting in a Java chat room. Cohen, 31, was working in affiliate marketing, the practice of collecting fees for referring customers to e-commerce sites, and met Day when trying to find a programmer for his website. Day dropped out of the University of Georgia to help him and eventually the two put $150,000 of their own money into an online jewelry startup. After attending a trade show, the pair realized they didn't have the passion for the business and sold their inventory for 80 cents on the dollar. After ditching the jewelry business, Cohen and Day collected what was left in their personal bank accounts and started buying pet products from distributors. Once they found a third-party fulfillment center in Pennsylvania, they launched the site and matched the online prices of competitors. Investors saw the company's appeal and Chewy raised $236 million in venture capital in late 2013. What's more, the online pet supply retailer saw a 2017 IPO as a possibility, but needed to become profitable (a feat it had not yet achieved). Cohen and Day are tapping into a huge industry. In 2015, consumers spent a total of $60.2 billion on pet products and services, according to the American Pet Products Association. Since its inception, Chewy has attracted 3 million customers and has 4,000 employees. PetSmart, which was valued at $8.7 billion in 2015, is expected to close the deal at the end of this year's second fiscal quarter. The company is owned by a group of private equity investors led by BC Partners. Read Full Story Want more news like this? Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from business news to personal finance tips delivered directly to your inbox daily! Subscribe to our other newsletters Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe any time. From Our Partners Two Garbage Men Compacting Trash In Their Truck Hear Cries For Help - And Instantly Stop Mom Lets A Stranger Hold Her Child, Then Hears Her Say Four Chilling Words Hold the Phone! Disney Just Opened a Dress Shop for Adults The Latest from our Partners 1 - 6 of 15 2 cards charging 0% interest for 21 months Pay no interest until June 2018 with this card The highest paying cash back card is here Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Mortgage rates plummet. Lock in before they rise. Transfer your debt to a card with 0% APR for up to 21 months Owe less than $300k on your home? Don't miss this unique opportunity How to pay down your home in half the time (If you owe less than $625k) Congress gives American homeowners who owe less than $300-625k a once in a lifetime mortgage bailout Earn 10x the national average in your savings account Investment Accounts For Any Type of Investor Interest rates on the rise! Put your money in a new CD account today 17 most common job interview mistakes you must avoid to get a new job 11 ways you’re being ripped off at the pharmacy 15 sanctuary cities trump could punish the most Teen Who Disappeared After Prom Dies in Car Crash The Nonsurprising Surprise in Starbucks' Unicorn Frap: Sugar Neil DeGrasse Tyson Delivers 'Most Important' Message Yet Recommended For You 1 Sears has been quietly closing more stores than it said it would — here's the list 2 General Motors says Venezuela illegally seizes auto plant 3 Scandal forces Navy to specifically outlaw nude photo sharing 4 Under Armour made a fatal error that will take 'years' to fix 5 'Undocumented' immigrants pay billions in taxes 6 No one is getting fired over passenger dragging incident, says United CEO Markets USGlobalsCurrencies S&P 5002,355.8417.670.76% DJIA20,578.71174.220.85% NASDAQ5,916.7853.740.92% DAX12,027.3210.870.09% NIKKEI 22518,620.75190.261.03% HANG SENG24,093.7136.730.15% USD (per EUR)1.070.000.10% USD (per CHF)1.000.00-0.08% JPY (per USD)109.31-0.06-0.05% GBP (per USD)1.280.000.09% All index data provided on a 15 minute delay. More to Explore From Our Partners Dodd-Frank in Trump's sights ahead of Treasury meetingCNNMoney Venezuela gave $500K for Trump inaugurationCNNMoney Venezuela spirals into 'deep economic crisis'CNNMoney 'Fate of the Furious' races to biggest global openingCNNMoney It's really dangerous to cross a street hereCNNMoney New 'Furious' film heads for biggest global opening everCNNMoney How United could have avoided this fiascoCNNMoney The United fiasco: What we know nowCNNMoneyBy PubExchange Fri, Apr 21 °F Set Your Location City, State, or Zip Change weather location Mail Search Sign In / Join My Account Log Out News Entertainment Finance Lifestyle Games Video Shop Finance Search The Web Search The Web JOIN AOL MY ACCOUNT DOWNLOADS HELP & FEEDBACK ABOUT US ADVERTISING PRIVACY TERMS ABOUT OUR ADS SITEMAP Share on Facebook Facebook Share on Twitter Twitter Share on Instagram Instagram Follow us via newsletter Newsletter Follow us via RSS RSS Follow us on mobile AOL Mobile Finance © 2017  AOL Inc. Sign up for Finance Report by AOL and get everything from breaking finance news to money-saving tricks delivered directly to your inbox daily! Finance Report Signup Emails may offer personalized content or ads. Learn more. You may unsubscribe at any time. No, I don't want more finance news delivered to my inbox daily
just-style home News & insights News Walmart project to slash supply chain emissions By Beth Wright | 20 April 2017 Font size Email Print Project Gigaton is part of a series of Walmart sustainability initiatives, focused on addressing social and environmental issues in ways that help communities while also strengthening business As part of its commitment to sustainability, US retail giant Walmart is inviting suppliers to join a new platform, designed to help guide companies on how to reduce greenhouse gas emissions from their operations and supply chains. Dubbed Project Gigaton, the initiative has seen Walmart partner with NGOs including the World Wildlife Fund and Environmental Defense Fund, to provide an emissions reduction toolkit to a broad network of suppliers seeking to eliminate one gigaton of emissions, focusing on areas such as manufacturing, materials and use of products by 2030. Walmart says it is the first retailer with a verified science-based target emissions-reduction plan and aims to make significant progress by 2025/2030, including reducing its absolute Scope 1 and 2 emissions by 18% by 2025. The company will also work to reduce CO2e, or carbon dioxide equivalent, emissions from upstream and downstream Scope 3 sources by 1bn tonnes (a gigaton) between 2015 and 2030. "Through the years, we've seen that integrating sustainable practices into our operations improves business performance, spurs technological innovation, inspires brand loyalty, and boosts employee engagement," explains Laura Phillips, senior vice president, sustainability for Walmart. "Our suppliers recognise the opportunity to realise those same benefits in their businesses. By working together on such an ambitious goal, we can accelerate progress within our respective companies and deep in our shared supply chains." Project Gigaton is part of a series of Walmart sustainability initiatives, focused on addressing social and environmental issues in ways that help communities while also strengthening business. The retailer has identified energy, agriculture, waste, packaging, deforestation, and product use and design as the goal areas in which to focus its Scope 3 climate efforts, and encourages participating suppliers to focus their commitment in at least one of these goal areas. "Supply chains are the new frontier of sustainability," says Carter Roberts, president and CEO, World Wildlife Fund. "The journey products take from source to shelf will collectively shape our planet's future. Project Gigaton is a testament to the transformative impact that leaders of industry can have on our greatest common challenges. As more companies follow in the footsteps of Walmart and their suppliers, we can achieve the critical mass needed to address climate change. Today's commitment represents an important step toward a safer and more prosperous future." Click here to participate in Project Gigaton. Tweet Debenhams considers store closures under turnaround strategy PREVIOUS MEPs assess Sri Lanka progress on human rights NEXT Sectors: Manufacturing, Retail, Social & environmental responsibility Companies: Wal-Mart Stores Inc Help test our new apparel sourcing tool. APPLY NOW NEWS Walmart to acquire Bonobos for US$300m? As part of its continued bid to beef up its e-commerce strategy, US retail giant Walmart is understood to be preparing to snap up US men's clothing retailer Bonobos.... RESEARCH Winter Wear Market in Europe 2016-2020 About Winter Wear in Europe Product sales in this particular market depends on seasons, and is driven by the climatic conditions of a region. Winter seasons that are relatively warmer can hamper the... NEWS US Q4 in brief – Destination Maternity, G-III Apparel, The Finish Line In the most recent fourth-quarter filings from US apparel and footwear brands and retailers, Destination XL moved to a profit but booked lower sales, while Caleres moved to a loss in the quarter. VF C... RESEARCH Global market review of denim and jeanswear – forecasts to 2022 This ever-popular report summarises the global production and market consumption of denim jeanswear worldwide. In this edition of the report, just-style has combined the idea of fashionability with th... NEWS US apparel retail shifts reveal misconceptions NEWS Nordstrom taps Walmart exec to lead supply chain Upscale US fashion retailer Nordstrom has named former Walmart and Amazon executive, Brent Beabout, as executive vice president of the company's supply chain.... NEWS Amazon makes Middle East move with Souq.com buy Online retail giant Amazon is making its move on the Middle East with the acquisition of Dubai-based online shopping retailer Souq.com.... NEWS Sportsman's Warehouse taps Walmart exec as COO US outdoor sporting goods retailer Sportsman's Warehouse has tapped former Walmart executive, Jon Barker, as president and chief operating officer, assuming responsibility for the company's supply cha... Subscribe to our newsletters Get the latest comment, analysis and breaking news first. Sign up for the just-style newsletter. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Research Updates: see example Get the newsletter We care about your privacy Most Popular Insights No US rush to Myanmar despite end to sanctions Where does VF supply chain sit in growth strategy? Investment continues in Ethiopia clothing sector Is China losing its edge as a US apparel supplier? Learnings from M&S's sustainability journey so far News Driving ban intensifies Myanmar logistics hurdles Amazon wins on-demand apparel manufacturing patent Trump bolsters "buy American" with executive order Start-ups chosen to re-think fashion industry US Q1 in brief – Kate Spade, Levi Strauss & Co Market research Global market review of denim and jeanswear – forecasts to 2022 When Things Go Wrong - A Practical Guide to Managing Common Problems in Apparel Sourcing Clothing Market in the Top 5 American Countries to 2021 - Market Size, Development, and Forecasts Southeast Asia strategic sourcing review – a focus on Cambodia, Vietnam and Myanmar Myanmar - ISA Country Report Login | Join Email Address Password Forgot your password? Menu Login Join News & comment Comment Analysis Supply chain issues Apparel trade & sourcing Social & environmental responsibility Apparel systems & technology Financials & M&A Interviews Hot issues Columns The just-style blog just-style research roundup Global news roundup Viewpoint In the money The Flanarant Speaking with style Spotlight on... Research updates Top stories on just-style Retail roundup Management briefings Thought Leaders Latest news Analysis Comment Interviews just-style blog Regions Sourcing Snapshots China and Asia Bangladesh Vietnam and Cambodia Europe North America Emerging markets Africa South America Middle East Oceania All countries Companies H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB Marks & Spencer Group Plc VF Corporation Wal-Mart Stores Inc Gap Inc Nike Inc Primark Inditex SA Lectra Adidas Group Levi Strauss & Co PVH Corporation Zara Li & Fung Limited C&A Target Corporation Tesco Plc Under Armour Inc Calvin Klein Inc Next Plc All companies Sectors Apparel Fibres & fabrics Footwear Manufacturing PLM buyer's guide Retail Sourcing Technology All sectors re:source Apparel research Market research store Apparel research consultants About About just-style Advertise on just-style Contact just-style Join 31,000 apparel and textile professionals who get just-style’s FREE newsletters Get the daily news as it happens, and our weekly best-of roundup. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Apparel and textile Research Updates: see example No thanks Buy apparel market research New apparel market research Apparel sector market research Apparel companies market research Apparel market research publishers Apparel industry consultants PLM software buyers' guide Apparel industry webinars News & comment by region Your account Advertise on just-style Subscribe to just-style RSS feeds Site map About just-style ©2017 All content copyright just-style.com Published by Aroq Ltd. Address & registered office: Aroq House, 17A Harris Business Park, Bromsgrove, Worcs, B60 4DJ, UK. Tel: Intl +44 (0)1527 573 600. Toll Free from US: 1-866-545-5878. Fax: +44 (0)1527 577423. Registered in England No: 4307068. Aroq publishes: just-auto.com | just-food.com | just-drinks.com | just-style.com Get full access to all content, just $1 for 30 days Expand A Message From The Editor [x] just-style gives you the widest apparel and textile market coverage. But only paid just-style members have full, unlimited access to all our exclusive content - including 17 years of archives. I am so confident you will love complete access to our content that today I can offer you 30 days access for $1. It’s our best ever membership offer – just for you. Leonie Barrie, editor of just-style Get 30 days for $1 Risk-free, money-back guarantee
Home News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Our News Team Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Sports Local Sports NBA MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL NFL Football Frenzy NCAA Football Full Court Press NCAA Hoops Scholar Athlete of the Week Report It! Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Clear The Shelters Official Contest Rules Obituaries Scholar Athlete of the Week Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Contact Us Work for Us Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live 55° F Clear Hi: 67° F Lo: 47° F Radar Forecast Closings & Delays Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Our News Team Latest Headlines Rangers beat Royals in 13-inning marathon April 20, 2017 The Texas Rangers won the first game of their weekend series against the Kansas City Royals on Thursday night. Topeka mayor says business closings are “beyond our control” April 20, 2017 “Corporate decisions are beyond our control,” said Wolgast during his speech. Hit-and-run driver confesses to hitting K-State student April 20, 2017 Seaman baseball sweeps Topeka High; other scores April 20, 2017 Scholar Athlete of the Week: Gigi McAtee April 20, 2017 Weather Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Current Conditions 55° F Clear Feels Like: 55° F Wind: NE 9 Humidity: 72% Dewpoint: 46° F Sunrise: 6:38 AM Sunset: 8:05 PM Current Weather Radar 7 Day Sponsored by: Sports Sports Local Sports NBA MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL NFL Football Frenzy NCAA Football Full Court Press NCAA Hoops Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Rangers beat Royals in 13-inning marathon April 20, 2017 The Texas Rangers won the first game of their weekend series against the Kansas City Royals on Thursday night. Seaman baseball sweeps Topeka High; other scores April 20, 2017 The Seaman Vikings won both games of their afternoon doubleheader against Topeka High. Scholar Athlete of the Week: Gigi McAtee April 20, 2017 Chiefs begin 2017 season at Patriots; full schedule released April 20, 2017 Widow of Saints star Will Smith upset at killer’s 25 years April 20, 2017 Report It! Community Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Clear The Shelters Official Contest Rules Obituaries Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Topeka students having fun with home made rainforest April 20, 2017 Third grade students at Topeka Collegiate School are having some fun with their own homemade rainforest. Topeka businessman announces bid for major April 20, 2017 Another candidate is throwing his hat in the ring to be Topeka’s next mayor. Axtell seniors give up their class trip for Ashland fire victims April 20, 2017 TopCon team lands at ‘Doctor Who’ season 10 premier April 17, 2017 Fort Riley soldier surprises son after returning from Afghanistan April 17, 2017 Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Contact Us Work for Us Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live Search for: Search the site 55° F Clear Hi: 67° F Lo: 47° F Woman and her son robbed during local visit By Bob Thibault Published: April 20, 2017, 10:56 am Updated: April 20, 2017, 1:35 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) EMPORIA, Kan. (KSNT) – Police arrested two men for stealing car in Wal-Mart parking lot. Emporia police responded to a robbery in progress just before 3 a.m. Wednesday in the Wal-Mart parking lot at 2301 Industrial. They said a 42 year-old New Mexico woman and her 16 year-old son were traveling south on I-35 and had pulled into the parking lot to rest. They were jarred awake by two men wielding handguns who broke out a window on their vehicle and ordered them to give them their cell phones. The woman and her son made a run for the Wal-Mart store a short time later. The armed men got in a vehicle and fled the area.  They contacted employees inside and police were notified. A vehicle and suspect description were taken. Emporia Police located, pursued and stopped the suspect vehicle as it was headed north on I-35 toward the Kansas City area. The two men, Jose M. Moreno, 28, and Jose A. Gutierrez, 20, were taken into custody without injury. Both men are from the Kansas City, Mo. Area. Evidence of the robbery and a hand gun were collected by EPD officers from various areas of I-35 where they had been thrown by the suspects. The victims were physically unharmed. Nobody involved is from the Lyon County or Emporia area. d Share this: Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Hard times for Sears as retailer notes doubt about future Man ordered to stand trial in Kansas baby-choking incident Coroner: Man in fatal house fire was shot in the head Fast-acting paramedic rescues baby from submerged SUV Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNT News © 1998-2017 KSNT.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy EEO Report FCC Public File (KSNT) FCC Public File (KTKA) FCC Public File (KTMJ) Children’s Programming (KSNT) Children’s Programming (KTKA) Children’s Programming (KTMJ) Partners KSN.com Sections News Weather Features Video More Station Contact Us Report It Why Advertise With Us? Mobile Text Alerts Email Updates KSNT News Daily Email Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Read Watch Shop Subscribe Topics More Read Watch Shop Subscribe Racked Newsletter Menswear Newsletter Topics Beauty Menswear Politics Cities Longform Essays ✕ Features Business Can Walmart Become Your Favorite Online Shopping Destination? America’s biggest retailer is coming for your closet. by Eliza Brooke Apr 20, 2017, 11:32am EDT tweet share pin Walmart is America’s biggest retailer. Photo: Justin Sullivan In mid-March, ModCloth, a website known for its inclusive sizing, loyal fanbase, and sweet vintage-inspired dresses, sold to America’s biggest corporation. Its community was not universally receptive to the news that Walmart had entered the picture, to understate the matter. “I’ve loved everything I’ve bought from ModCloth, including my wedding attire, and I will not support your business any longer,” wrote one Instagram commenter on the brand’s announcement post. “You sold out and you know it,” typed another. “Giving money to your company now means giving money to Walmart,” wrote a third. “They are an ethically bankrupt mega-corp and I will never knowingly send a cent their way. Honestly I don’t know how you can sleep at night.” “I’ve loved everything I’ve bought from ModCloth, including my wedding attire, and I will not support your business any longer.” Four weeks later, Walmart and ModCloth are still fairly quiet about how the new arrangement will play out, though both say that the latter will continue to live as an independent brand. What’s more immediately evident is how ModCloth fits into the bigger game its new parent company is playing. Walmart has been on an online shopping spree since this summer, a push that’s accelerated in recent months. It bought the three-year-old marketplace Jet.com for $3 billion in August, the footwear site ShoeBuy.com for $70 million in January, and the quirky outdoor-gear e-tailer Moosejaw for $51 million in February. It’s now on the cusp of closing a deal with the direct-to-consumer menswear brand Bonobos, Recode reported last week, though a Walmart rep declined to comment on the rumor for this story. Asked why Walmart is buying its way into the online apparel space with such determination, retail analysts had one answer: Amazon. Wal-Mart Stores Inc., of Bentonville, Arkansas, was founded in 1962 by Sam Walton on the novel concept that small-town America was a great place to build big stores. It gave the company a near monopoly on retail in those communities, says Richard Vedder, a professor emeritus of economics at Ohio University and the co-author of The Wal-Mart Revolution: How Big-Box Stores Benefit Consumers, Workers, and the Economy. Today, Walmart has roughly 11,695 stores in 28 countries, and its revenue reached $485.9 billion in fiscal 2017. But it’s viewed as a company whose moment is in the past. Today, Walmart has roughly 11,695 stores in 28 countries, and its revenue reached $485.9 billion in fiscal 2017. But despite its incumbent status, it’s viewed as a company whose moment is in the past, says Vedder. Amazon’s sales were a comparatively small $136 billion last year, but in the same way that Walmart changed the face of brick-and-mortar shopping, it’s leading the rise of e-commerce in a way that no other player is, least of all Walmart. The company slacked off in the early days of online shopping because, as Walmart CEO Doug McMillon recently told the Harvard Business Review, “We knew that if we continued to open Walmart Supercenters, they would do well.” “We’re behind and we need to catch up,” said Walmart e-commerce CEO Marc Lore, formerly the CEO of Jet.com, onstage at a Recode event last month. Clothing is a good place to focus simply because it’s become the top-selling category online, according to the analytics firm ComScore. Amazon understands its potential, too, having made forays into private labels and developed systems of on-demand clothing manufacturing. “We’re behind and we need to catch up.” It’s a harder category to break into than toys or electronics, Lore said, so Walmart figured it would be faster to speed its growth in apparel by buying smaller companies that have great product and existing relationships with manufacturers. That expertise can then be applied across the entire company: Moosejaw and ShoeBuy’s CEOs are now in charge of outdoor apparel and footwear, respectively, across Walmart, Jet.com, and their own sites. A rep for Walmart declined to say whether ModCloth CEO Matt Kaness will take on a similar role. As it applies its acquisitions’ knowledge to its own business, Walmart will have to be careful not to alienate their customers, as ModCloth did when it shared the news of its buyout on Instagram. Writing to Racked in an email from vacation, Kaness says that ModCloth is looking to see how it can partner with Jet.com — whose customer base is more affluent, more urban, and younger than the average Walmart shopper, according to Lore — in order to attract new shoppers. “But it’s too early to speak to specifics,” Kaness writes. For now, he says, ModCloth is working on projects it already had going: expanding its own apparel collection and building out its full size range. Sidney Morgan-Petro, a retail editor at the trend-forecasting company WGSN, doesn’t expect Moosejaw, ModCloth, and ShoeBuy to suddenly be all over Walmart’s website. Walmart has the cash to either build its own e-commerce capabilities or buy its way into the race, and it’s chosen the latter. “There’s not going to be a shop-in-shop for Bonobos in a Walmart store,” she says, speaking about the hypothetical deal. “I don’t think [the new ownership is] going to be that transparent to the consumer at the end of the day.” But, like Jet.com, these online brands give Walmart access to new customers, ones who very well may have an Amazon Prime membership. It’s impossible to ignore the fact that while the e-commerce wars rage, that same battle is putting traditional brick-and-mortar retailers out of business. J.C. Penney, Macy’s, Bebe, Payless, Wet Seal, and BCBG are among the many mall brands closing stores right now. Though US unemployment was at a low 4.5 percent in March, the retail industry lost 30,000 jobs that month and has dropped by 89,000 since October, according to Department of Labor stats. Unlike these floundering names, Walmart has the cash to either build its own e-commerce capabilities or buy its way into the race, and it’s chosen the latter. “But there are other retailers that aren’t choosing to buy or build their own e-commerce capabilities,” points out Evan Bakker of the research firm L2. Target, for instance, is doubling down on brick and mortar and trying to expand beyond its suburban shopper base with a fleet of smaller stores in urban areas. “There are so many different answers to the problem of Amazon,” Bakker says. Walmart is in the lucky position of being able to compete. Everyone else is just trying to survive. Next Up In Business Tech Tackles the Fitting Room This Company Wants to Fill the Void in Plus-Size Fashion Millionaires Shop Secondhand, Too The Whitewashing of Natural Hair Care Lines Thinx's Troubles Continue With Sexual Harassment Allegations Thinx Promised a Feminist Utopia to Everyone But Its Employees Top Stories Is the Internet Ruining Tattoos? Picking your finger tat off of Instagram has its downsides. Carhartt Is the Uniform of Both the Right and the Left How did one brand come to dress two such different groups? Everything Netflix’s ‘Girlboss’ Gets Right (and Wrong) About the Nasty Gal Story So about that metallic moto jacket... Suave Fooled Me With Its Packaging Stunt It brought up more questions than answers. Michelle Phan’s Ipsy Is Dominating the Beauty Box World It’s growing way faster than the competition. More in Top Stories Newsletter Enter your email address Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 29. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... The Latest Suave Fooled Me With Its Packaging Stunt by Cheryl Wischhover Michelle Phan’s Ipsy Is Dominating the Beauty Box World by Eliza Brooke Growing Up Is Garbage Because You Stop Playing Dress-Up by Katie Heaney The Complete List of New York City Sample Sales by Racked Staff 3 comments / new Retail Workers Fight to Get a Cut in the Era of E-Commerce by Cam Wolf 1 comment / new A Shopping Guide for Science Nerds by Leigh Cuen Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead How to Pitch All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Skip to main content Search form Search Advanced Search Best New Chefs RECIPES Meat & Poultry Comfort Food Soups Breakfast & Brunch Appetizers Salads Side Dishes Desserts Fruits Vegetables Seafood Pasta & Noodles Special Diets DRINKS Wine Cocktails Champagne Coffee Beer Tea TRAVEL Restaurants Wine Regions Around the World Local Flavor HOLIDAYS Spring Recipes Easter Passover Cinco De Mayo Kentucky Derby Mother's Day Memorial Day Father’s Day 4th of July Labor Day NEWS CHEFS Cooking Videos Mad Genius Tips EVENTS F&W Classic in Aspen KITCHEN & HOME Cooking Techniques How To Gift Guides SUBSCRIBE Magazine Give a Gift Newsletters Wine Club Latest This Chef's Food Photos Are Terrifying Hungary Tries to Ban Use of Red Stars, Probably Just to Spite Heineken Deep Clean Your Cast Iron Skillet With This Miraculous Gadget A Shanghai Restaurant Bombards Your Senses With Dancing Waiters and a Nintendo Soundtrack The Story Behind This Taco Bell Robbery Is Nearly Unbelievable HARIBO Announces New Candy Factory in Wisconsin Someone Invented a Cloud That Rains Tequila The 'Impossible' Bleeding Veggie Burger Is About To Be Much Easier To Get ​Blue Apron Gets a Meat Upgrade​ with Bill Niman Ranch Acquisition You Can Buy Big Mac Sauce In Canada Right Now Home News Previous Mushroom Hunting (and Cooking) Lessons from an Expert Forager Next Today's 10 Best Deals on Home and Kitchen Gear: a $13 Travel Kettle and Great Gifts for Grads What the Heck Is a ‘Crotilla’? Walmart Is Glad You Asked Latest This Chef's Food Photos Are Terrifying Hungary Tries to Ban Use of Red Stars, Probably Just to Spite Heineken Deep Clean Your Cast Iron Skillet With This Miraculous Gadget A Shanghai Restaurant Bombards Your Senses With Dancing Waiters and a Nintendo Soundtrack The Story Behind This Taco Bell Robbery Is Nearly Unbelievable HARIBO Announces New Candy Factory in Wisconsin Someone Invented a Cloud That Rains Tequila The 'Impossible' Bleeding Veggie Burger Is About To Be Much Easier To Get ​Blue Apron Gets a Meat Upgrade​ with Bill Niman Ranch Acquisition You Can Buy Big Mac Sauce In Canada Right Now © Walmart By Mike Pomranz Posted April 20, 2017 It's the superstore's version of a hybrid pastry. Customers don’t typically shop at Walmart for their innovative food products. More likely you went to Walmart because your shopping list was a box of Cheez-Its, a wireless router and a new set of tires, and you wanted to make sure you got the best price on all three. But the massive retail chain wants to prove it also has an innovative culinary mind inside its bouncing smiley head—and thus, the Crotilla was born. As the name implies, the Crotilla—a moniker concocted in a similar fashion as Dominique Ansel’s Cronut—is a mashup of a croissant and a tortilla. Despite forming a name that suggests unity between two very disparate cuisines—French and Mexican—the results aren’t inherently unfamiliar. Described as flat, flaky and buttery, the Crotilla bears some similarities to India’s paratha flatbread or, if you want to go a little more lowbrow, a Taco Bell Gordita shell. brightcove-video:5127175680001   According to Delish, a representative for Walmart said this “flakey flatbread fusion,” as the packaged describes it, was created as a better alternative for croissant sandwiches since the buttery bread often flakes apart when it’s cut horizontally. In a press release, Walmart suggested that Crotillas could be used for anything from “breakfast sandwiches and flatbread pizzas, to exciting salad sides and inventive desserts.” This new hybrid would also seem like a good shell for breakfast tacos or other Mexican-inspired breakfast concepts. Speaking of which, though Taco Bell does offer a Sausage Flatbread Quesadilla, someone at the fast food chain has to be kicking themselves that they didn’t at least trademark the word “Crotilla” years ago. The Cronut was invented back in 2013, Taco Bell. You had so much time! Related Breakfast Tacos Before Cronuts: 50 Years of Pastry Hybrids The Five Habits of the Walmart Shopper The Crotilla, which is reportedly shipped frozen by a Walmart supplier before being backed fresh in stores, officially launched at Walmart this week and is available at about 800 locations nationwide. An 8-pack should retail for $3.98—or about 50 cents per Crotilla. Being that the price tag of a Cronut is currently $5.75, Walmart is once again looking out for your wallet as well. Previous Mushroom Hunting (and Cooking) Lessons from an Expert Forager Next Today's 10 Best Deals on Home and Kitchen Gear: a $13 Travel Kettle and Great Gifts for Grads The Dish Receive delicious recipes and smart wine advice 4x per week in this e-newsletter. Sign Up The Wine List Weekly pairing plus best bottles to buy. F&W Daily One sensational dish served fresh every day. Sponsored Stories powered by ZergNet Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement   Holidays & Occasions Chinese New Year Super Bowl Recipes Valentine's Day Recipes Oscar Party Food Mardi Gras Recipes Rosh Hashanah Recipes Halloween Recipes Thanksgiving Ideas Thanksgiving Recipes Christmas Recipes Christmas Dinner Popular Dishes Sandwiches Snacks Bread Recipes Grain Recipes Bean Recipes Chicken Recipes Quinoa Recipes Chicken Breast Recipes French Recipes Italian Recipes Mexican Recipes Subscribe Subscribe to Food & Wine Give a Gift Subscription Food & Wine Books Get Food & Wine iPad Edition Get F&W Mobile Apps Clubs & Events Food & Wine Connoisseur Club Events F&W Classic in Aspen Best New Chefs Contact Customer Service Contact Us Advertising Careers Time Inc. Affluent Media Group Travel + Leisure Departures Centurion Site Map All products and services featured are selected by our editors. Food & Wine may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. © 2017 Time Inc. Affluent Media Group. All rights reserved. View Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Your California Privacy Rights. Ad Choices. Users of this site agree to be bound by the Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. foodandwine.com is part of the Time Inc. Food Collection and the MyRecipes Network.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The 2.4 Billion Dollar Easter Bunny: A Guide to Merchandising Candy at Walmart by Quri SAN FRANCISCO, April 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Quri, the leader in Performance Driven Merchandising™, is announcing today the release of Merchandising Matters, a series of guides highlighting merchandising execution data sourced from Quri’s millions of store visits. Quri is releasing its first guide, showcasing Easter candy in-store merchandising performance, by analyzing one of America’s most successful and recognizable retailers – Walmart. The goal of the guide is to help educate the entire CPG ecosystem on the value of Performance Driven Merchandising™ and its ability to improve in-store merchandising ROI. „According to the National Retail Federation, Americans will have spent approximately 2.4 billion dollars on candy during Easter with roughly 25% of those sales occurring in Walmart,” comments David Gottlieb, President and COO of Quri. „Our new Merchandising Matters guides will provide brands with mission critical merchandising benchmarks for major retailers, helping them calibrate their own tactics and plan more effective programs with their most important customers.” Quri’s Merchandising Matters guides include key metrics like display compliance, display presence, on-shelf availability, display location, and type details. To create the new guide, Quri analyzed ten confectionery brands in 700 Walmart stores for the 14-day Easter power period ending Sunday, April 16th. The brands mentioned are: Butterfinger, Cadbury, Dove Chocolate, Ghirardelli, Hershey’s, Jelly Belly, Lindt, M&M’S, Peeps, Reese’s and observations from the guide suggest: On-Shelf Availability (OSA): Measuring on-shelf availability based on a quantified shopper view of the store is vital to keeping fast-moving seasonal items like candy, fully stocked in the weeks leading up to Easter. At Walmart, average on-shelf availability ranges from 88% to 99% with an average of 96.5% across all categories. Candy fell just below that average at 95% during Easter, but some key seasonal items such as Peeps and Jelly Belly showed OSA levels of only 86% and 87% respectively. Closing on-shelf gaps is vital to protecting brand share and increasing sales, especially during peak periods such as Easter. Display Execution: When it comes to executing display promotions, Quri’s advice is to consistently measure display compliance and understand how a brand compares to both its competition and retailer averages in order to protect and grow sales and share. At Walmart, display execution for 10 major candy brands during Easter averaged 42% with a high of 81% for Reese’s and a low of 4% for Jelly Belly. Increasing display execution during seasonal peaks like Easter is a significant opportunity for brands to capture incremental sales in this mass channel. Display Location: Displays are executed in Walmart’s coveted Action Alley 38% of the time, compared to 10% in the back of the store. Understanding where a retailer displays a brand and which locations are most effective at driving sales lift will help merchandisers maximize the ROI of their displays. Display Type: As not all display types are created equal, understanding which are most frequently executed at a retailer is key. Not surprisingly, Walmart utilizes pallets and endcaps for 72% of all displays. Brands need to constantly measure the sales lift associated with running more innovative programs at Walmart that run counter standard practices versus building more standard programs that are more likely to get executed. Quri will continue to roll out Merchandising Matters retailer guides in the coming months with Kroger, Albertsons/Safeway, Target, and more, to learn how to improve execution for the upcoming 2017 summer, Halloween, and holiday seasons. To learn more about the brands tracked during the Easter period and how their compliance and sales lifts compares to Walmart overall please visit: Merchandising Matters: A Guide to Walmart. About Quri Quri is the leader in Performance Driven Merchandising™, transforming the in-store experience by providing continuous, real-time, store-level visibility into merchandising conditions across all major channels and retailers in the US market. Procter & Gamble, Nest, Red Bull, Tyson, Nestle, and Johnson & Johnson plus 100+ other global companies rely on Quri to help optimize the $4 trillion dollars spent annually on retail go-to-market and in-store merchandising. Quri is powered by proprietary data quantifying the shopper view in-store and collected by an on-demand retail workforce. For more information on Quri or Performance Driven Merchandising™, visit http://quri.com. Media Contact: North 6th Agency, Inc. (For Quri) 212-334-9753, quri@n6a.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/the-24-billion-dollar-easter-bunny-a-guide-to-merchandising-candy-at-walmart-by-quri-300442663.html SOURCE Quri Related Links http://quri.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Media Science International Selects Hybrik for Cloud Encoding Next PostNext Affinity Beverage Group Announces the Launch of the Village Tea Company Food Service Program and other Q1-2017 Updates Search Recent Posts United States Hydrophilic Membrane Market Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts from 2017 – 2022 New Dilute Hydrochloric Acid Market Report Explores the Overview with Forecast To 2022 United States Hotel Furniture Market Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts from 2017 – 2022 Europe Mobile Phone Charging Station Market Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts from 2017 – 2022 2017 Global Aluminum Window Profile Industry Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Subscribe Advertise Contact Archives Legals Front Page News Obituaries Featured Digital Editions classifieds Calendar Sports Browse Ads Law Enforcement Tweet Law Enforcement admin April 20, 2017 Law Enforcement No comments Madison Police Department On April 12 Joycelyn Alqinette Scott, 26, Eatonton was arrested and charged with simple battery and operating a vehicle with cancelled registration. Samara Barnes, 20, Eatonton was arrested charged with disorderly conduct. Ti–Asia Hill, 21, Madison was arrested and charged with disorderly conduct. According to reports,The three women and a 16–year–old female juvenile went to a room at the Budget Inn of Scott’s former boyfriend. At 2 p.m. officers received a complaint call alleging four females were beating a single female at the Budget Inn. While enroute they were told that the group of women had left the motel in a gray Honda. That vehicle with Scott, Barnes, Hill and the juvenile was stopped on U.S. 441 near Rite Aid. Reports state that Scott told an officer that the group went to the motel in an attempt to get cooperation from her former boyfriend regarding getting some items out of storage. While at the motel, reports state, Scott said her former boyfriend’s new girlfriend “got mouthy”  and swung at Scott. Officers noted that Scott had red places on her face indicative of combat. Officers were also told the woman back at the motel had a sizable knot on her head from the beating. The three were then arrested, the juvenile was released at the scene. On April 5 John Chamber Pharr, 24, Buckhead was arrested and charged with two counts illegal possession of controlled substances and one count possession of marijuana. According to reports, officers were called to Wal Mart, Eatonton Road at 4:55 p.m. regarding and  unresponsive person. When a deputy arrived they were directed by bystanders to an aisle in the parking lot. A unidentified woman approached an officer and stated that “the man we were looking for had drugs on him.”  Pharr was located a short distance from his vehicle and was directed to an ambulance to be examined. Officers then allegedly found several hypodermic needles, a bent spoon and a blue bag containing suspected heroin. More needles and another spoon were allegedly found in the man’s vehicle. A green pill bottle containing suspected marijuana was also found in the vehicle along with another bag of suspected heroin, a glass pipe, a plastic bag containing two white pills and in the center console a bottle of pills prescribed to Pharr and a second bottle of controlled substances prescribed to a woman. A dog was also located in the vehicle. Pharr requested that his mother be called to retrieve the dog. On April 12 a simple assault complaint was filed at  the Morgan County Courthouse. According to reports, a man alleged that while he and his attorney were conferring regarding a criminal charge against the complainant, his attorney began to argue with him and, he alleged, used derogatory racial terms against his client. The complainant said he told the attorney he no longer wanted him  to represent him and that the attorney continued to insult him including not allowing him to get in his car and pushing him. The attorney had left the scene and was enroute to his Cordell office, allegedly, when an officer arrived. On April 11 a theft by taking complaint was filed at Waffle House, Eatonton Road. According to reports, an employee alleged that a man entered the restaurant and took $260 from the cash register when no employee was looking. The suspect is described as a white male, no facial hair, 6’, 300 pounds wearing a dark ball cap, gray t–shirt with the word “Network till ya neck hurt,” dark shorts with sandals and socks. On April 9 a theft by taking complaint was filed at McDonald’s, Eatonton Road. According to reports, a woman stated that someone had broken into a maintenance shed at the restaurant and removed a TroyBilt pressure washer. A lock on the shed had been pried off, reports state. On April 16 Egypt Lumpkin, 17, Madison was arrested and charged with interference with a business. According to reports, Lumpkin allegedly threw a cup of soda behind a counter at an employee. A manager stated that Lumpkin allegedly missed her intended target and instead the cup struck another employee near the fryer section of the restaurant. On April 16 Ricky Lane Fitch, 45, Madison was arrested and charged with shoplifting. According to reports, officers were called to the Sunflower Food Store, Eatonton Road regarding a shoplifting. While en route, reports state, a woman at the store identified Fitch as the alleged shoplifter. An officer arrived and observed Fitch behind the store drinking a drink. Fitch then left the area but was later found in the passenger seat of a truck parked at the Happy China restaurant. A man at the store alleged that Fitch took a 24 ounce Bud Ice beer even after the man told him to put the item back. During his arrest, reports state, an officer noted that Fitch had another arrest warrant outstanding for shoplifting from Flash Foods and also had a probation violation arrest warrant active against him. On April 16 a runaway juvenile complaint was filed at a Ward Road residence. According to reports, a woman reported that her granddaughter had  left the residence with three males. The woman said the granddaughter had left before and last time was found in a drug house in Monroe. Later that day the girl was located, allegedly at a Wal Mart in Snellville. On April 10 a theft by taking complaint was filed at a Hanover Drive residence. According to reports, a woman said she noticed that a chair had been pushed up against her bedroom window and that a screen over the window was missing. The woman said later that night she received a call from her bank asking her if she was using her debit card. The woman said she told the bank no and the bank said the card was attempting to be used at the Madison Wal Mart. The account was then closed, reports state, and the woman then learned that someone had used the card to make several on–line purchases. The woman confronted her 19–year–old granddaughter and was able to retrieve her debit card. Morgan County Sheriff’s Office On April 16 a shots fired report was filed at a Price Mill Road location. According to reports, a deputy responded to the call and a man said three men in a black Ford pickup truck were attending a party. The host said he was unfamiliar with the men. He said he asked the three men to leave they became irate. He said after they left they drove by the residence twice and the second time the man said he heard five or six shots fired from a handgun. The man later said the truck appeared to be a 2000s model Ford F 250 extended cab pickup truck that was burgundy in color. On April 16 Miquan Xavier Fenwick, 17, Madison was arrested and charged with speeding, possession of marijuana less than an ounce, possession of a schedule II narcotics and drugs not kept in their original container. According to reports, Fenwick was stopped at 2:17 a.m. on Interstate 20 for allegedly driving 89 mph in a 70 mph zone. Consequent to the stop, reports state, an officer allegedly smelled marijuana and observed marijuana in the vehicle. A search of the vehicle found a pickle jar with suspected marijuana inside and nine pills of suspected morphine in the same jar. On April 16 a assault complaint was filed at the Rutledge City Park, Rutledge. According to reports, a man said as he was transferring the custody of his 12–year–old son to the boy’s mother, the couple engaged in a verbal argument after the man told the mother that earlier he had to discipline his son. The man said the juvenile had “bowed up” against him and he pushed the son. The woman later met with deputies and requested that the man not have visitation privileges with the son. On April 10 a civil matter report was filed at a Athens Highway residence. According to reports, a woman said she was working with a company called “USA Live Tech” to get internet service for her home. The woman said she agreed to pay the company $915.50. On April 11 the woman said she was contacted by her bank to tell her an account was overdrawn. The woman said she checked and realized that someone had moved $880 from an account under the memo name of “USA Live Tech” and then another $915.50 had been taken from the account for “USA Live Tech.” On April 14 a simple battery complaint was filed at a Whitley Lake Road residence. According to reports, a woman alleged that another woman arrived at her residence, exited her vehicle, pushed the complainant to the ground and hit her repeatedly in front of her children. The complainant alleged that another woman said the attack came, in part, because the complainant had allegedly been “talking about her and her kids.” A friend of both women added that part of the impetus for the confrontation was that the complainant had also allegedly talked about the suspect’s children piglets. On April 14 a burglary complaint was filed at a Blue Springs Court residence. According to reports, a man said for the second time someone attempted to enter his residence by attempting to pry open a door with a screwdriver. The complainant said a similar burglary effort had occurred at a neighbor’s house, too. On April 14 Claude Franklin Hawk, 49, Rutledge was arrested and charged with possession of methamphetamine, possession of drug related items, failure to maintain insurance and cracked windshield. According to reports, Hawk was stopped near the intersection of Fairplay Street and East Main Street. Consequent to the stop, Hawk allegedly gave officers consent to search the truck. Reports state that a deputy allegedly found a white plastic container with methamphetamine crystals inside and a pipe stuffed in two socks behind the seat of the truck. On April 14 a theft by taking complaint was filed at a Parks Mill Road residence. According to reports, a man said that in January someone entered his property and removed a commercial welder. The man said in April two employees abruptly quit and that one of the employees turned in a company cell phone. The man said he reviewed the cell phone and noticed text messages from the former employee to the employee;s wife and also text messages from the former employee to another woman. The man said he informed the former employee’s wife of the text messages to the second woman and that the couple is now in the process of getting a divorce. During this process, the former wife allegedly stated that the welder was on the property of one of the former employees. On April 11 a theft by taking complaint was filed at a Fears Road residence. According to reports, a man alleged that someone entered his mailbox and removed an over–the–counter medication. The man valued the medicine at $60. On April 11 an animal cruelty complaint was filed at a Cedar Creek Road residence. According to reports, a woman said she had taken a horse to a Jackson County location for barrel racing competition. The woman said she was with the horse most of the day but left the horse unattended for approximately 10 minutes. The woman said when she returned, the horse shied away from her and when she attempted to trailer the horse the horse acted scared and his gait was impaired. The woman said after she returned home with the horse she noticed extensive swelling toward the left rear rib area and she recognized, based on her experience, that the horse had suffered broken ribs. The woman said she suspects a man who had called two weeks earlier asking if his son could ride the horse in the competition. The woman said she refused. She said the same man parked next to her trailer at the competition and that the man is noted for a hot temperament and abusive behavior. A veterinarian confirmed that the horse had suffered three or four broken ribs and that the ribs were broken in a “diagonal linear line” which made the complainant believe the horse may have been struck with a metal pipe. The veterinarian also said that the horse suffered from liver and spleen damage. On April 11 a fraud complaint was filed at a Speed Lane residence. According to reports, a woman alleged that a weight loss supplement company had debited her account $101.83 for 60 pills. The woman said she researched the USPS tracking information and found that the pills had been shipped to a Santa Monica, Ca. address. About Author administrator Related Posts 0 Law Enforcement 0 Law Enforcement 0 Law Enforcement 0 Law Enforcement Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website   Our Advertisers:   Find us on Facebook © 2017 Morgan County Citizen. All Rights Reserved. Theme by MyThemeShop. Back to Top ↑
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman The 2.4 Billion Dollar Easter Bunny: A Guide to Merchandising Candy at Walmart by Quri Company introduces first-of-its-kind data-driven in-store merchandising guides for major retailers SAN FRANCISCO, April 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Quri, the leader in Performance Driven Merchandising™, is announcing today the release of Merchandising Matters, a series of guides highlighting merchandising execution data sourced from Quri's millions of store visits. Quri is releasing its first guide, showcasing Easter candy in-store merchandising performance, by analyzing one of America's most successful and recognizable retailers – Walmart. The goal of the guide is to help educate the entire CPG ecosystem on the value of Performance Driven Merchandising™ and its ability to improve in-store merchandising ROI. "According to the National Retail Federation, Americans will have spent approximately 2.4 billion dollars on candy during Easter with roughly 25% of those sales occurring in Walmart," comments David Gottlieb, President and COO of Quri. "Our new Merchandising Matters guides will provide brands with mission critical merchandising benchmarks for major retailers, helping them calibrate their own tactics and plan more effective programs with their most important customers." Quri's Merchandising Matters guides include key metrics like display compliance, display presence, on-shelf availability, display location, and type details. To create the new guide, Quri analyzed ten confectionery brands in 700 Walmart stores for the 14-day Easter power period ending Sunday, April 16th. The brands mentioned are: Butterfinger, Cadbury, Dove Chocolate, Ghirardelli, Hershey's, Jelly Belly, Lindt, M&M'S, Peeps, Reese's and observations from the guide suggest: On-Shelf Availability (OSA): Measuring on-shelf availability based on a quantified shopper view of the store is vital to keeping fast-moving seasonal items like candy, fully stocked in the weeks leading up to Easter. At Walmart, average on-shelf availability ranges from 88% to 99% with an average of 96.5% across all categories. Candy fell just below that average at 95% during Easter, but some key seasonal items such as Peeps and Jelly Belly showed OSA levels of only 86% and 87% respectively. Closing on-shelf gaps is vital to protecting brand share and increasing sales, especially during peak periods such as Easter. Display Execution: When it comes to executing display promotions, Quri's advice is to consistently measure display compliance and understand how a brand compares to both its competition and retailer averages in order to protect and grow sales and share. At Walmart, display execution for 10 major candy brands during Easter averaged 42% with a high of 81% for Reese's and a low of 4% for Jelly Belly. Increasing display execution during seasonal peaks like Easter is a significant opportunity for brands to capture incremental sales in this mass channel. Display Location: Displays are executed in Walmart's coveted Action Alley 38% of the time, compared to 10% in the back of the store. Understanding where a retailer displays a brand and which locations are most effective at driving sales lift will help merchandisers maximize the ROI of their displays. Display Type: As not all display types are created equal, understanding which are most frequently executed at a retailer is key. Not surprisingly, Walmart utilizes pallets and endcaps for 72% of all displays. Brands need to constantly measure the sales lift associated with running more innovative programs at Walmart that run counter standard practices versus building more standard programs that are more likely to get executed. Quri will continue to roll out Merchandising Matters retailer guides in the coming months with Kroger, Albertsons/Safeway, Target, and more, to learn how to improve execution for the upcoming 2017 summer, Halloween, and holiday seasons. To learn more about the brands tracked during the Easter period and how their compliance and sales lifts compares to Walmart overall please visit: Merchandising Matters: A Guide to Walmart. About Quri Quri is the leader in Performance Driven Merchandising™, transforming the in-store experience by providing continuous, real-time, store-level visibility into merchandising conditions across all major channels and retailers in the US market. Procter & Gamble, Nest, Red Bull, Tyson, Nestle, and Johnson & Johnson plus 100+ other global companies rely on Quri to help optimize the $4 trillion dollars spent annually on retail go-to-market and in-store merchandising. Quri is powered by proprietary data quantifying the shopper view in-store and collected by an on-demand retail workforce. For more information on Quri or Performance Driven Merchandising™, visit http://quri.com. Media Contact: North 6th Agency, Inc. (For Quri) 212-334-9753, quri@n6a.com SOURCE Quri CategoriesUncategorized TagsFood & beverages, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, Retail, Surveys, Polls & Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Just Published: „Global Breast Biopsy Market 2017-2021” Next PostNext Acting Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Trevor N. McFadden of the Justice Department’s Criminal Division Speaks at ACI’s 19th Annual Conference on Foreign Corrupt Practices Act Search Recent Posts Lantronix Expands Sales Partnerships in Asia Pacific Japan Region The First in World History End Times Degree Program Only Through Luder Wycliffe Theological Seminary ProteanDRIVE® In-Wheel Motors on show at Auto Shanghai 2017 Cambodia Radio Live 3.0 App Customized For iOS Paris’ Champs-Elysees Shooting – Travel Insurance Coverage Pending Terrorism Declaration, says Squaremouth Proudly powered by WordPress
Corporate Social Responsibility Related News Releases and Story Ideas for Reporters, Bloggers and Media Outlets Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Corporate Social Responsibility Editors April 20, 2017 07:08 AM Eastern Daylight Time NEW YORK--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Following are the latest Corporate Social Responsibility news releases and story ideas available from Business Wire. These recaps, curated by Business Wire, provide reporters and bloggers around the globe instant access to the latest news releases, providing relevant and trending content to share with their audiences. Discover more news via Business Wire’s Hot Topic recaps or create a custom news feed specific to your needs here. This service is provided at no charge to members of the media and financial communities. PROVIDENCE, R.I. -- UnitedHealthcare Donates Hasbro’s NERF ENERGY Game Kits to Boys & Girls Clubs of Providence and Pawtucket to Encourage Physical Activity Source: UnitedHealthcare BENTONVILLE, Ark. -- Walmart Launches Project Gigaton to Reduce Emissions in Company’s Supply Chain Source: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. PROVIDENCE, R.I. -- Citizens Bank will “Fund Your Dreams” with Giveaway Source: Citizens Financial Group, Inc. BOSTON -- Boston Properties Announces Early Achievement of Energy, Emissions and Water Intensity Reduction Goals in 2016 GRI-Aligned Sustainability Report Source: Boston Properties, Inc. LOME, Togo -- Togo Becomes First Country in Africa to Validate the Elimination of Lymphatic Filariasis as a Public Health Problem Source: GSK, Merck Sharp & Dohme (MSD), and the MECTIZAN® Donation Program (MDP) PLANO, Texas -- This Earth Day #ServetheEarth to Win a Vacation from Service Experts Heating & Air Conditioning Source: Service Experts Heating & Air Conditioning PITTSBURGH -- PPG Highlights 2016 Community Engagement Efforts, Nearly $10 Million in Giving Source: PPG NEW YORK -- AXA Achievement℠ Announces Scholarship Winners Source: AXA NEW YORK -- JPMorgan Chase appoints Jill Biden to Military and Veterans Affairs External Advisory Council Source: JPMorgan Chase & Co. MENOMONEE FALLS, Wis. -- Kohl’s Showcases Commitment to All Families with 2016 CSR Report Source: Kohl’s BENTONVILLE, Ark. -- Walmart’s “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” Campaign Calls on the Public to Join the Fight Against Hunger and Make a Difference in their Local Communities Source: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. HARTFORD, Conn. -- Greater Hartford Arts Council Awards $10,000 in Grants to Support Arts Programs for Citizens With Disabilities Source: UnitedHealthcare BALTIMORE -- UnitedHealthcare Donates Hasbro's NERF ENERGY Game Kits to Boys & Girls Clubs of Metropolitan Baltimore to Encourage Physical Activity Source: UnitedHealthcare Follow the CSR Circuit newsfeed on www.twitter.com/BWCSRNews. About Business Wire: Business Wire, a Berkshire Hathaway company, is the global leader in press release distribution and regulatory disclosure. Investor relations, public relations, public policy and marketing professionals rely on Business Wire to accurately distribute market-moving news and multimedia, host online newsrooms and IR websites, build content marketing platforms, generate social engagements and provide audience analysis that improves interaction with specified target markets. Founded in 1961, Business Wire is a trusted source for news organizations, journalists, investment professionals and regulatory authorities, delivering news directly into editorial systems and leading online news sources via its multi-patented simultaneous NX Network. Business Wire has 29 offices worldwide to securely meet the varying needs of communications professionals and news consumers. In 2015, Business Wire teamed up with Al Roker Entertainment to create BizWireTV, a bi-weekly digital video news program that features the top trending news releases that cross the wire. Learn more at services.BusinessWire.com and Tempo, the Business Wire resource for industry trends; follow updates on Twitter: @businesswire or on Facebook. Click here to subscribe to Mobile Alerts for Business Wire Corporate Social Responsibility. Contacts Business Wire Matt VanTassel, 212-752-9600 Release Summary Recap of CSR stories on Business Wire #Hashtags #CSR Social Media Profiles Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Contacts Business Wire Matt VanTassel, 212-752-9600 Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart’s “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” Campaign Calls on the Public to Join the Fight Against Hunger and Make a Difference in their Local Communities Through online acts of support, purchase of participating products and donations at the register, the campaign aims to help Feeding America secure 100 million meals on behalf of member food banks BENTONVILLE, Ark., Apr. 17 /CSRwire/ – Today, Walmart launches its “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” campaign, a nationwide initiative that encourages the public to join the fight against hunger. Working with Discover card and five suppliers, which represent some of the nation’s leading food companies – Campbell Soup Company, General Mills, Kellogg Company, The Kraft Heinz Company and PepsiCo – Walmart is offering three easy ways to take action against hunger and help a local Feeding America food bank through social, online and in-store participation. Purchase: For every participating product purchased at U.S. Walmart stores from April 17 – May 15, 2017, the supplier will donate the equivalent of one meal ($0.09) on behalf of a Feeding America member food bank, up to applicable limits. For every Discover card transaction made at U.S. Walmart stores and Walmart.com during the campaign period, Discover will donate the equivalent of one meal ($0.09) to Feeding America and its network of member food banks, up to $1 million. See Walmart.com/fighthunger for further details. Online Acts of Support:  Generate meals for Feeding America food banks by engaging with the “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” campaign on social media: Facebook – Create original content that uses #FightHunger; like, share and/or react positively to campaign content; click on Walmart provided campaign content. Instagram – Create or share content using the campaign hashtag #FightHunger; like or share Walmart generated campaign content. Snapchat – Use Walmart provided “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” filters nationwide on Friday, April 21. Twitter – Create original content that uses #FightHunger; like, share and/or make a campaign tweet a favorite; retweet a message featuring the campaign hashtag #FightHunger; click on Walmart-provided campaign content. For each online act of support, Walmart will donate the equivalent of 10 meals ($0.90) to Feeding America on behalf of member food banks, up to $1.5 million. Donate at the Register: Donate to your local Feeding America food bank at the register during checkout. The ‘’Fight Hunger. Spark Change.’’ campaign launches at a critical time when the USDA reports one in eight Americans currently struggle with hunger. To raise awareness for the issue of hunger in America and help generate meals for people struggling with hunger, Walmart and its suppliers are encouraging the public to take action online and in-store to support the Feeding America network of food banks and the more than 46 million Americans it serves throughout the country. “This campaign is an important part of our ongoing commitment to helping families who struggle with hunger,” said Kathleen McLaughlin, president of the Walmart Foundation and chief sustainability officer for Walmart. “Together with suppliers, customers and friends at Feeding America, we’re dedicated to making a positive difference in the lives of those who live and work in the communities we serve.” Walmart is kicking off the campaign with a $1.5 million donation and aims to donate a total of $3 million to Feeding America based on the public’s online participation in the “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” campaign. Combining Walmart’s donation with supplier donations through product purchases and customer donations at the register, the campaign has a goal of helping Feeding America secure 100 million meals on behalf of its member food banks. “At Feeding America, we see firsthand the impact hunger has on families in communities across the country, and we understand it takes a village to help strengthen our communities and provide meals to people in need,” said Diana Aviv, CEO of Feeding America, the nation’s largest domestic hunger-relief organization. “Great partnerships are essential to moving the needle, and we are grateful to Walmart, its dedicated suppliers and Discover for coming together for the ‘Fight Hunger. Spark Change.’ campaign. Movements like this give each and every one of us an opportunity to get involved and make a difference in the fight against hunger.” With the USDA reporting that 42 million people in America, including more than 13 million children, struggle with hunger, the ‘’Fight Hunger. Spark Change.’’ campaign is part of Walmart’s larger commitment to provide meals to those in need, helping ensure every family has access to affordable, nutritious and sustainably-grown food. As the nation’s largest grocer, Walmart is in a unique leadership position to positively impact the issue of hunger in the United States. In October 2014, Walmart announced a commitment to create a more sustainable food system, with a focus on improving the affordability of food by lowering the “true cost” of food for both customers and the environment, increasing access to food, making healthier eating easier, and improving the safety and transparency of the food chain. This commitment includes a goal of providing four billion meals to those struggling with hunger in the U.S. by 2020. To learn more about the campaign, visit www.walmart.com/fighthunger. About Walmart  Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Progress Report on Biopharmaceutical Industry Contributions to the Global Fight Against Neglected Tropical Diseases (NTDs) Next PostNext CaterCares: An Innovative New Way to Do Good While Doing Business Search Recent Posts Lantronix Expands Sales Partnerships in Asia Pacific Japan Region The First in World History End Times Degree Program Only Through Luder Wycliffe Theological Seminary ProteanDRIVE® In-Wheel Motors on show at Auto Shanghai 2017 Cambodia Radio Live 3.0 App Customized For iOS Paris’ Champs-Elysees Shooting – Travel Insurance Coverage Pending Terrorism Declaration, says Squaremouth Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Discount, Variety Stores Stocks on Investors’ Radar — Wal-Mart, Target, Dollar General, and Burlington Stores NEW YORK, April 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Pre-market, Stock-Callers.com recalls the most recent performances of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT), Target Corp. (NYSE: TGT), Dollar General Corp. (NYSE: DG), and Burlington Stores Inc. (NYSE: BURL). Discount Variety Stores are characterized by a medium level of market share concentration. Outside of the major players, the industry is highly fragmented, allowing many smaller players to operate within the space. Learn more about these stocks by downloading their comprehensive and free reports at: http://stock-callers.com/registration Wal-Mart   On Wednesday, shares in Bentonville, Arkansas headquartered Wal-Mart Stores Inc. rose 0.24%, ending the day at $74.07. The stock recorded a trading volume of 5.94 million shares. The Company’s shares have advanced 5.84% in the last one month, 9.55% over the previous three months, and 7.95% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 5.30% and 5.87%, respectively. Moreover, shares of Wal-Mart Stores, which operates retail stores in various formats worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 72.87. On April 07th, 2017, research firm Telsey Advisory Group upgraded the Company’s stock rating from ‚Market Perform’ to ‚Outperform’ while revising its previous target price from $73 a share to $82 a share. On April 17th, 2017, Wal-Mart launched its „Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” campaign, a nationwide initiative that encourages the public to join the fight against hunger. The Company is offering three easy ways to take action against hunger and help a local Feeding America food bank through social, online, and in-store participation. WMT complete research report is just a click away and free at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=WMT Target  Shares in Minneapolis, Minnesota headquartered Target Corp. ended the day 0.54% higher at $53.89 with a total trading volume of 5.42 million shares. The stock is trading below its 50-day moving average by 6.75%. Shares of the Company, which operates as a general merchandise retailer, have an RSI of 38.45. The complimentary report on TGT can be downloaded at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=TGT Dollar General   At the close of trading on Wednesday, shares in Goodlettsville, Tennessee-based Dollar General Corp. finished 0.35% higher at $69.31 with a total trading volume of 1.73 million shares. The stock is trading below its 50-day moving average by 4.03%. Shares of the Company, which provides various merchandise products in the southern, southwestern, midwestern, and eastern US, have an RSI of 42.23. On March 23rd, 2017, research firm Credit Suisse downgraded the Company’s stock rating from ‚Neutral’ to ‚Underperform’. On March 28th, 2017, Dollar General announced the pricing of an offering of $600.0 million of its 3.875% Senior Notes due 2027. The notes will pay interest at a rate of 3.875% per annum and mature on April 15th, 2027. The Company will pay interest on the notes semi-annually on April 15th and October 15th of each year, commencing October 15th, 2017. Sign up for your complimentary research report on DG at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=DG Burlington Stores   New Jersey-based Burlington Stores Inc.’s shares recorded a trading volume of 952,914 shares at the end of yesterday’s session, which was above their three months average volume of 889,380 shares. The stock closed the day 2.00% higher at $93.41. The Company’s shares have advanced 10.78% in the previous three months and 10.22% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 1.88% and 12.86%, respectively. Additionally, shares of Burlington Stores, which operates as a retailer of branded apparel products in the US, have an RSI of 51.71. Get free access to your research report on BURL at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=BURL — Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the „Author”) and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the „Reviewer”) represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the „Sponsor”), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you‚re a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number: +44-330-808-3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. SOURCE Chelmsford Park SA CategoriesUncategorized TagsInvestments Opinions Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LM Group Holding A/S meddeler at salget af LM Wind Power til GE er gennemført Next PostNext Fanhua Announces Annual Cash Dividend Search Recent Posts April 20, 2017 – Boulder Police Searching for a Missing Man Stop the Misery of Earth Day 2017: How to Beneficially Embrace the Life of Earth’s Unified Field Finance Professionals Speak To Discovering Where Social Security Fits into a Holistic Retirement Plan New Ambulance Units from Braun On Display at FDIC 2017: The leader in ambulance safety will have 6 new ambulances on display in the exhibit hall. Birth Control App Offers Free Birth Control to Women in Virginia Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Discount, Variety Stores Stocks on Investors’ Radar — Wal-Mart, Target, Dollar General, and Burlington Stores NEW YORK, April 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Pre-market, Stock-Callers.com recalls the most recent performances of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT), Target Corp. (NYSE: TGT), Dollar General Corp. (NYSE: DG), and Burlington Stores Inc. (NYSE: BURL). Discount Variety Stores are characterized by a medium level of market share concentration. Outside of the major players, the industry is highly fragmented, allowing many smaller players to operate within the space. Learn more about these stocks by downloading their comprehensive and free reports at: http://stock-callers.com/registration Wal-Mart   On Wednesday, shares in Bentonville, Arkansas headquartered Wal-Mart Stores Inc. rose 0.24%, ending the day at $74.07. The stock recorded a trading volume of 5.94 million shares. The Company's shares have advanced 5.84% in the last one month, 9.55% over the previous three months, and 7.95% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 5.30% and 5.87%, respectively. Moreover, shares of Wal-Mart Stores, which operates retail stores in various formats worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 72.87. On April 07th, 2017, research firm Telsey Advisory Group upgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Market Perform' to 'Outperform' while revising its previous target price from $73 a share to $82 a share. On April 17th, 2017, Wal-Mart launched its "Fight Hunger. Spark Change." campaign, a nationwide initiative that encourages the public to join the fight against hunger. The Company is offering three easy ways to take action against hunger and help a local Feeding America food bank through social, online, and in-store participation. WMT complete research report is just a click away and free at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=WMT Target  Shares in Minneapolis, Minnesota headquartered Target Corp. ended the day 0.54% higher at $53.89 with a total trading volume of 5.42 million shares. The stock is trading below its 50-day moving average by 6.75%. Shares of the Company, which operates as a general merchandise retailer, have an RSI of 38.45. The complimentary report on TGT can be downloaded at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=TGT Dollar General   At the close of trading on Wednesday, shares in Goodlettsville, Tennessee-based Dollar General Corp. finished 0.35% higher at $69.31 with a total trading volume of 1.73 million shares. The stock is trading below its 50-day moving average by 4.03%. Shares of the Company, which provides various merchandise products in the southern, southwestern, midwestern, and eastern US, have an RSI of 42.23. On March 23rd, 2017, research firm Credit Suisse downgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Neutral' to 'Underperform'. On March 28th, 2017, Dollar General announced the pricing of an offering of $600.0 million of its 3.875% Senior Notes due 2027. The notes will pay interest at a rate of 3.875% per annum and mature on April 15th, 2027. The Company will pay interest on the notes semi-annually on April 15th and October 15th of each year, commencing October 15th, 2017. Sign up for your complimentary research report on DG at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=DG Burlington Stores   New Jersey-based Burlington Stores Inc.'s shares recorded a trading volume of 952,914 shares at the end of yesterday's session, which was above their three months average volume of 889,380 shares. The stock closed the day 2.00% higher at $93.41. The Company's shares have advanced 10.78% in the previous three months and 10.22% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 1.88% and 12.86%, respectively. Additionally, shares of Burlington Stores, which operates as a retailer of branded apparel products in the US, have an RSI of 51.71. Get free access to your research report on BURL at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=BURL -- Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number: +44-330-808-3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. CategoriesUncategorized TagsInvestments Opinions, Retail, Supermarkets Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Food And Beverages Industry Thermoformed Plastic Products Market to Show US$ 11.2 Billion by 2024 Next PostNext Tensions in Cambodia Are Growing Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Discount, Variety Stores Stocks on Investors’ Radar — Wal-Mart, Target, Dollar General, and Burlington Stores NEW YORK, April 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Pre-market, Stock-Callers.com recalls the most recent performances of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT), Target Corp. (NYSE: TGT), Dollar General Corp. (NYSE: DG), and Burlington Stores Inc. (NYSE: BURL). Discount Variety Stores are characterized by a medium level of market share concentration. Outside of the major players, the industry is highly fragmented, allowing many smaller players to operate within the space. Learn more about these stocks by downloading their comprehensive and free reports at: http://stock-callers.com/registration Wal-Mart   On Wednesday, shares in Bentonville, Arkansas headquartered Wal-Mart Stores Inc. rose 0.24%, ending the day at $74.07. The stock recorded a trading volume of 5.94 million shares. The Company's shares have advanced 5.84% in the last one month, 9.55% over the previous three months, and 7.95% since the start of this year. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 5.30% and 5.87%, respectively. Moreover, shares of Wal-Mart Stores, which operates retail stores in various formats worldwide, have a Relative Strength Index (RSI) of 72.87. On April 07th, 2017, research firm Telsey Advisory Group upgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Market Perform' to 'Outperform' while revising its previous target price from $73 a share to $82 a share. On April 17th, 2017, Wal-Mart launched its "Fight Hunger. Spark Change." campaign, a nationwide initiative that encourages the public to join the fight against hunger. The Company is offering three easy ways to take action against hunger and help a local Feeding America food bank through social, online, and in-store participation. WMT complete research report is just a click away and free at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=WMT Target  Shares in Minneapolis, Minnesota headquartered Target Corp. ended the day 0.54% higher at $53.89 with a total trading volume of 5.42 million shares. The stock is trading below its 50-day moving average by 6.75%. Shares of the Company, which operates as a general merchandise retailer, have an RSI of 38.45. The complimentary report on TGT can be downloaded at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=TGT Dollar General   At the close of trading on Wednesday, shares in Goodlettsville, Tennessee-based Dollar General Corp. finished 0.35% higher at $69.31 with a total trading volume of 1.73 million shares. The stock is trading below its 50-day moving average by 4.03%. Shares of the Company, which provides various merchandise products in the southern, southwestern, midwestern, and eastern US, have an RSI of 42.23. On March 23rd, 2017, research firm Credit Suisse downgraded the Company's stock rating from 'Neutral' to 'Underperform'. On March 28th, 2017, Dollar General announced the pricing of an offering of $600.0 million of its 3.875% Senior Notes due 2027. The notes will pay interest at a rate of 3.875% per annum and mature on April 15th, 2027. The Company will pay interest on the notes semi-annually on April 15th and October 15th of each year, commencing October 15th, 2017. Sign up for your complimentary research report on DG at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=DG Burlington Stores   New Jersey-based Burlington Stores Inc.'s shares recorded a trading volume of 952,914 shares at the end of yesterday's session, which was above their three months average volume of 889,380 shares. The stock closed the day 2.00% higher at $93.41. The Company's shares have advanced 10.78% in the previous three months and 10.22% on an YTD basis. The stock is trading above its 50-day and 200-day moving averages by 1.88% and 12.86%, respectively. Additionally, shares of Burlington Stores, which operates as a retailer of branded apparel products in the US, have an RSI of 51.71. Get free access to your research report on BURL at: http://stock-callers.com/registration/?symbol=BURL -- Stock Callers:  Stock Callers (SC) produces regular sponsored and non-sponsored reports, articles, stock market blogs, and popular investment newsletters covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and micro-cap stocks. SC has two distinct and independent departments. One department produces non-sponsored analyst certified content generally in the form of press releases, articles and reports covering equities listed on NYSE and NASDAQ and the other produces sponsored content (in most cases not reviewed by a registered analyst), which typically consists of compensated investment newsletters, articles and reports covering listed stocks and micro-caps. Such sponsored content is outside the scope of procedures detailed below.  SC has not been compensated; directly or indirectly; for producing or publishing this document.  PRESS RELEASE PROCEDURES: The non-sponsored content contained herein has been prepared by a writer (the "Author") and is fact checked and reviewed by a third party research service company (the "Reviewer") represented by a credentialed financial analyst [for further information on analyst credentials, please email info@stock-callers.com. Rohit Tuli, a CFA® charterholder (the "Sponsor"), provides necessary guidance in preparing the document templates. The Reviewer has reviewed and revised the content, as necessary, based on publicly available information which is believed to be reliable. Content is researched, written and reviewed on a reasonable-effort basis. The Reviewer has not performed any independent investigations or forensic audits to validate the information herein. The Reviewer has only independently reviewed the information provided by the Author according to the procedures outlined by SC. SC is not entitled to veto or interfere in the application of such procedures by the third-party research service company to the articles, documents or reports, as the case may be. Unless otherwise noted, any content outside of this document has no association with the Author or the Reviewer in any way.   NO WARRANTY  SC, the Author, and the Reviewer are not responsible for any error which may be occasioned at the time of printing of this document or any error, mistake or shortcoming. No liability is accepted whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential loss arising from the use of this document. SC, the Author, and the Reviewer expressly disclaim any fiduciary responsibility or liability for any consequences, financial or otherwise arising from any reliance placed on the information in this document. Additionally, SC, the Author, and the Reviewer do not (1) guarantee the accuracy, timeliness, completeness or correct sequencing of the information, or (2) warrant any results from use of the information. The included information is subject to change without notice.  NOT AN OFFERING  This document is not intended as an offering, recommendation, or a solicitation of an offer to buy or sell the securities mentioned or discussed, and is to be used for informational purposes only. Please read all associated disclosures and disclaimers in full before investing. Neither SC nor any party affiliated with us is a registered investment adviser or broker-dealer with any agency or in any jurisdiction whatsoever. To download our report(s), read our disclosures, or for more information, visit http://stock-callers.com/legal-disclaimer/ CONTACT For any questions, inquiries, or comments reach out to us directly. If you're a company we are covering and wish to no longer feature on our coverage list contact us via email and/or phone between 09:30 EDT to 16:00 EDT from Monday to Friday at: Email: info@stock-callers.com Phone number: +44-330-808-3765 Office Address: Clyde Offices, Second Floor, 48 West George Street, Glasgow, U.K. -G2 1BP CFA® and Chartered Financial Analyst® are registered trademarks owned by CFA Institute. CategoriesUncategorized TagsInvestments Opinions, Retail, Supermarkets Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Food And Beverages Industry Thermoformed Plastic Products Market to Show US$ 11.2 Billion by 2024 Next PostNext Tensions in Cambodia Are Growing Search Recent Posts United States Hydrophilic Membrane Market Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts from 2017 – 2022 New Dilute Hydrochloric Acid Market Report Explores the Overview with Forecast To 2022 United States Hotel Furniture Market Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts from 2017 – 2022 Europe Mobile Phone Charging Station Market Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts from 2017 – 2022 2017 Global Aluminum Window Profile Industry Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts Proudly powered by WordPress
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us STRETCH YOUR DOLLAR Walmart competes with online retailers and we all win Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1895279" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Walmart offers new ways to save money when shopping online. (KTRK) KTRK By Patricia Lopez Thursday, April 20, 2017 07:00AM HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- Walmart is fighting back against Amazon and other online retailers by offering discounts on thousands of items ordered on Walmart.com. Once you order those items, you then pick them up at your nearest Walmart. The new discount move was launched April 19. Toni Parrish is a Walmart shopper and couponer. She said she saves even more money at Walmart using the Savings Catcher feature on the store's app. Savings Catcher keeps track of lower advertised deals so you can comparison shop. The feature on the app was introduced a few years ago. RELATED: Walmart rolls out new price match program If a local Walmart competitor has a lower advertised price, you'll get a Walmart e-gift card for the difference. That sounds simple, but Toni has learned to take it to another level by double dipping on those savings using the ibotta app. This app helps you earn cash back for shopping. Something else Toni does is use the Walmart American Express Bluebird card. You'll get double the Savings Catcher reward dollars when you redeem them to your Bluebird card. There are virtually no fees with this card. Learn more about Walmart Savings Catcher. Learn more about American Express Bluebird flexible account. How to use Savings Catcher. RELATED: Shopping apps you need to help you save money EMBED More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1333115" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Patricia Lopez has 6 apps that can make it easy for shoppers to save money on groceries and other everyday expenses. RELATED: Walmart to offer discount for in-store pickup EMBED More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1866128" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Walmart is set to launch a program that will give customers discounts for picking up items bought online in a store. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: shoppingwalmartonline shoppingappamerican expressstretch your dollarHouston Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. STRETCH YOUR DOLLAR Digital Deal of the Day Designer duds at a fraction of the cost Tax Day freebies ease pain of filing Cut costs on cutting your lawn More stretch your dollar SHOPPING Emergency supplies tax-free this weekend Digital Deal of the Day Designer duds at a fraction of the cost Does shopping on different devices save money? More Shopping Top Stories Suspected drunk driver released from jail after crash killed child Ready for some football? Texans release schedule Intruder triggers security scare at Klein ISD school Too long? Woman questions delay in theft investigation Look who dropped by to visit Dad in the hospital! HPD: 2 arrested in $2.5 million Kush bust Soul singer Cuba Gooding Sr. found dead in California Show More Crocodile attack survivor shares story Pet dog killed by pack of pit bulls in neighboring lot Tropical Storm Arlene forms in Atlantic Tennessee girl safe, teacher arrested Timeline of alleged kidnapping of Tennessee teen More News Top Video Suspected drunk driver released from jail after crash killed child Too long? Woman questions delay in theft investigation Intruder triggers security scare at Klein ISD school Ready for some football? Texans release schedule More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Enhanced Retail Solutions Announces New a Software Tool to Address Walmart’s OTIF initiative ERS’ new OTIF Optimizer Dashboard There is a lot to take in with these new tools and vendor expectations. These tools will help vendors of any scale discover the root causes of low OTIF scores and address them all through a single interface. -Paul Warren, VP, Director of Consulting at ERS Past News Releases RSS New York, NY (PRWEB) April 20, 2017 Enhanced Retail Solutions, a leading provider of Software-as-a-Service (SaaS) retail analytic and demand planning solutions to suppliers, licensors and their retail trading partners, announces a simple and straightforward tool that automates the distillation of Walmart scorecard data and eliminate errors, audits and auto-corrects vendor lead times for Walmart deliveries. In the past decade Walmart has made several attempts to increase vendor accountability, gradually tightening the window for orders to arrive at stores and still be considered “on time” and constantly monitoring fulfillment rates. Their new implementation will be assisted by a switch from previous tracking via “MABD” and “Fill Rate Compliance” to a new acronym representing a combined scoring under the guise of OTIF (On Time, In Full). With this new tool, Walmart has again shortened the window of what is considered “On Time”. If you are not in Food, Consumables, or Health & Wellness (which must be delivered only on the MABD date) then you must either be delivering a day earlier or on the exact MABD date. While a vendor can work directly and manually with this data, ERS’ OTIF Optimizer automates the distillation of this data and eliminates errors. It will also aggregate data across vendors, enabling them to benefit from a pool of shipping data to see how their performance compares to that aggregate and help pinpoint accountability. “There is a lot to take in with these new tools and vendor expectations”, says Paul Warren, VP, Director of Consulting at Enhanced Retail Solutions. “These tools will help vendors of any scale discover the root causes of low OTIF scores and address them all through a single interface.” About Enhanced Retail Solutions LLC: Enhanced Retail Solutions is a software and consulting firm specializing in retail analysis and demand planning for manufacturers, licensors and their retail partners. ERS’ state of the art software tools and consulting deliver critical data quickly, easily and cost effectively, adding over one hundred million dollars to their clients’ bottom line. ERS’ broad customer base includes industry leaders in the electronics, consumer products, apparel, footwear, home textile, toy, home décor, home improvement, housewares, jewelry and food industries. Headquartered in New York City, Enhanced Retail Solutions has offices in the Dallas, TX and development in the US, Cork, Ireland and Delhi, India. For more information, visit http://www.EnhancedRetailSolutions.com. *Enhanced Retail Solutions is not affiliated with, sponsored by, or endorsed by Walmart Stores, Inc. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Atlanta, Charlotte, and San Diego Among Top in Demand U.S. Destinations for Small Business Meetings Next PostNext Aerovox Corp. Develops New 50 Hz Power Factor Correction Capacitors Search Recent Posts Lantronix Expands Sales Partnerships in Asia Pacific Japan Region The First in World History End Times Degree Program Only Through Luder Wycliffe Theological Seminary ProteanDRIVE® In-Wheel Motors on show at Auto Shanghai 2017 Cambodia Radio Live 3.0 App Customized For iOS Paris’ Champs-Elysees Shooting – Travel Insurance Coverage Pending Terrorism Declaration, says Squaremouth Proudly powered by WordPress
Home News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV As Seen On 2 Politics Traffic Heroin at Home Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 Family Safety Day Photo Galleries Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Calendar Educator of the Week Lottery Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners 70° F Few Clouds Hi: 85° F Lo: 64° F Today’s Weather Radar Forecast Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV As Seen On 2 Politics Traffic Heroin at Home Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 Family Safety Day Photo Galleries Featured: AMBER Alert for Elizabeth Thomas Latest Headlines Police arrest 3 men suspected of firing at Antioch home April 20, 2017 The shots were fired from a dark green SUV just before Noon at a house on Hickory Woods East, which is near the Davidson and Rutherford Coun… Clarksville police help lost man return home 12:02 am The male, who is between 16 and 20 years old, was found on Needmore Road near Beckett Drive. Predators sweep Blackhawks with 4-1 win April 20, 2017 IS group claims responsibility for Paris attack on police officers April 20, 2017 Major changes coming to how your credit score is calculated April 20, 2017 Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Current Conditions 70° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 70° F Wind: SSW 7 Humidity: 76% Dewpoint: 62° F Sunrise: 6:06 AM Sunset: 7:24 PM Nashville Weather Forecast Day Planner Radar Currently Sponsored by: Sports Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Latest Headlines JOE BIDDLE: How sweep it is April 20, 2017 The Predators are the only No. 8 seed to ever defeat a No. 1 seed in an best-of-eight series in NHL history. Predators sweep Blackhawks with 4-1 win April 20, 2017 The Predators advance to round two where they will face either Minnesota or St. Louis, the Blues lead that series (3-1). Titans release 2017 schedule April 20, 2017 Mike Fisher reacts to wife singing at Predators game April 20, 2017 Preds hope to sweep the Blackhawks Thursday night in Smashville April 20, 2017 Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Calendar Educator of the Week Lottery Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners Search for: Search the site 70° F Few Clouds Hi: 85° F Lo: 64° F La Vergne police search for 3 in 2 separate Walmart cases WKRN web staff Published: April 19, 2017, 11:08 pm Updated: April 19, 2017, 11:08 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Photo: WKRN) LA VERGNE, Tenn. (WKRN) – Police in La Vergne are searching for three people wanted in two separate cases involving Walmart. See photos below the story. In the first case, two men are accused of passing a large amount of counterfeit money at the business. Police say they were seen leaving in a silver or light-colored SUV. In the second case, a woman’s identity is wanted so she can be questioned in numerous fraud cases in Middle Tennessee at Walmart. She was seen leaving the area in a dark colored SUV. Anyone with information should contact Detective Hudgens at 615-287-8748 or 615-793-7744. La Vergne Walmart cases View as list View as gallery Open Gallery (Courtesy: Lebanon Police Department) (Courtesy: Lebanon Police Department) (Courtesy: Lebanon Police Department) (Courtesy: Lebanon Police Department) La Vergne Walmart cases x Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Courtesy: Lebanon Police Department) (Courtesy: Lebanon Police Department) (Courtesy: Lebanon Police Department) (Courtesy: Lebanon Police Department)         Latest Galleries Clarksville Counterfeit Bust La Vergne Walmart cases Preds Pro Shop Apparel 10 things you may not know about ‘The Ten Commandments’ Vigil for Rob Westmoreland Cocaine, heroin bust in Nashville Murfreesboro officer-involved shooting Shadow McClaine’s memorial Shooting at Ficosa factory Music City Pawn Shop Gallery Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Woman wanted for coupon fraud in La Vergne Man wanted in connection with thefts at La Vergne Walmart 3 wanted for stealing TVs from Hendersonville Walmart Man injured during La Vergne home invasion Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WKRN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKRN.com © 2000 - 2017 wkrn.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Video Sports Traffic Community Station Twitter Facebook Contact Us Advertise History Jobs at WKRN Closings & Delays Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Certification Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Nexstar Media Group Distribution Partners Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Skip to main navigation Top Navigation SECTIONS News Arts Life Sports Opinion Obituaries Events Galleries Classified CapRegion Cars CapRegion Homes CapRegion Jobs Classified Place a Classified Ad Rentals Login Subscribe Home News Local State National/World Business Education Arts Theater & Dance Music Movies Books Galleries & Museums Life Food Health History Home Restaurants Sports Local High School College National Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Blogs & Columns Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Blogs & Columns Obituaries Events Galleries Classified Hide Advanced Search Narrow your search News Arts Life Sports Opinion All Date Range FROM TO   Subscriber login Enter your email address. Enter the password that accompanies your email address. Forgot Password? Leave this field blank Friday, April 21, 2017 Opinion What you need to know for 04/21/2017 Paris shootout leaves police officer, gunman dead10:00 PMO'Reilly payout could be as high as $25 million9:59 PMNew York City firefighter dies after falling from roof9:58 PMRep. Tonko answers concerns with … other party 9:55 PMPassenger's drug history focus at fatal boat crash trial9:49 PM Down to Business: Amazon hulking over retail landscape Down to Business: Amazon hulking over retail landscape 'When elephants dance, mice get trampled' Marlene Kennedy | April 19, 2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Amazon already has bookstores in a handful of cities. Photographer: Shutterstock Retailers, take note: There’s a new bogeyman in town and it isn’t Wal-Mart. In fact, even Wal-Mart is scrambling to stay apace of the ultimate behemoth, Amazon. That’s according to Ken Ouimet, CEO and founder of Engage3, a California-based provider of retail analytics, who offered advice on a webinar this month on the price wars breaking out in some markets. “We see a much more fiercely competitive environment,” Ouimet answered when asked to describe current marketplace conditions. He noted that Amazon, which developed online for two decades, now has a nationwide network of “very modern,” drone- and robot-enhanced distribution centers, and over the next few years could be rolling out a couple thousand brick-and-mortar stores easily supplied by them. Amazon already has bookstores in a handful of cities and is experimenting with technology to create quick-trip, no-checkout-line “Go” stores. The company’s known desire to become a bigger player in food sales also has stoked recent rumors of interest in Whole Foods and BJ’s Wholesale Club. With physical stores, Amazon will be “a new competitor for retailers,” says Ouimet. That will come in large part from Amazon’s “sophisticated, dynamic pricing” — flexible prices influenced by supply and demand. “Retailers are going to find themselves competing with a competitor that can react within 90 seconds . . . to a price change,” he said. In contrast, most retailers use “very manual processes” that won’t accommodate a price change for three months. “We’re talking about a totally different game coming right within the next two years,” Ouimet said. Wal-Mart already has taken note and moved to dynamic pricing online, he said, particularly for grocery items. His slides cited a news report in February that Wal-Mart planned to make product comparisons in 11 states in the Midwest and Southeast aimed at closing price gaps with supermarket deep-discounter Aldi, which Ouimet said has been using its private-label brands to make inroads into Wal-Mart’s low-price edge in food sales. For a retailer like Wal-Mart, with a deeply ingrained philosophy of everyday low prices, the move to dynamic pricing signifies that “something important has happened,” according to Ouimet. Borrowing a slogan from Wal-Mart, he urged retailers on the webinar to remember that “When elephants dance, mice get trampled,” and offered them a five-step battle plan for not getting crushed. Included in the advice: Look for ways to fly under the radar of competitors and strike hard and fast where they don’t see opportunities. That could mean offering “personalized” promotions to shoppers based on their purchasing history, or using micro-pricing zones to undercut a competitor’s particular store.  Ouimet’s ultimate message to retailers, though, was this: “If you find yourself in a price war, it’s too late.” Instead, he counseled them to prepare beforehand to be ready when the battle comes — and it will come. “The race is on,” he said. Marlene Kennedy is a freelance columnist. Opinions expressed in her column are her own and not necessarily the newspaper’s. Reach her at marlenejkennedy@gmail.com. View Comments Hide Comments Related Content Niskayuna's Eastern Mountain Sports on closure list There's gems (and duds) in state budget for business leaders Amazon said to pay $50 million to stream NFL Thursday games SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Premium Content Beech Nut ordered to clean Canajoharie site 9:08 PM Bowling Association president helping with transition 6:38 PM Nicholaus Building owners target city over demolition 10:52 AM Editorial: State deals need more oversight 6:05 AM Stay up-to-date with the Daily Gazette's PM Edition The latest news delivered directly to your inbox every day at 2 p.m. Email Address Most read in Opinion Foss: Emma Willard report troubling, all-too familiar Editorial: Give Don Birch his Way Editorial: State deals need more oversight Down to Business: Amazon hulking over retail landscape Schenectady will be hurt by Trump's budget The locally owned voice of the capital region Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Plus Pintrest RSS The Daily Gazette Co. 2345 Maxon Rd Ext. PO Box 1090 Schenectady, NY 12301 Get Directions (518) 374-4141 © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service Learn more about the Daily Gazette Advertise with the Daily Gazette Services Contact Us Activate Online Access Missed Delivery Vacation Stop FAQ Advertise Careers Place a classified ad E-Edition Subscribe Quick Links Ask a Doc Fun & Games Area Legislators Places of Worship Closings Weather TV Listings All Blogs & Columns Submit a Letter Buy Photos Other Publications & Events 50+ Living Expo Your Niskayuna Your Clifton Park CapRegion Pets Footer menu © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service You have 0 articles 1 articles 2 articles 3 articles 4 articles 5 articles 6 articles 7 articles remaining of Daily Gazette free premium content. You have reached your monthly premium content limit. Continue to enjoy Daily Gazette premium content by becoming a subscriber. Start here Already a subscriber? Log In
Friday, April 21st, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: Penguins eliminate Blue Jackets Sticky: FREE LISTEN: Youngstown musician cuts Prince... OEPA to test home water wells around air bas... 10:55 p.m. Thu Here's the 4 men who want to be Youngstown c... 10:55 p.m. Thu Youngstown muni judge race most expensive in... 10:55 p.m. Thu Schools commission chair asks for supporting... 10:55 p.m. Thu Retired Air Force officer regales Girard cro... 10:55 p.m. Thu all posts   - Advertisement -   « News Home Summary of recent criminal activity in Poland and Boardman | Print Tweet Published: Wed, April 19, 2017 @ 7:23 p.m. A summary of recent criminal activity in Poland and Boardman townships: POLAND April 12 Theft: A woman discovered about $24,000 worth of jewelry missing from her Olde Winter Trail home. Theft: A Youngstown-Pittsburgh Road man noticed two 18-inch chain saws and a 6-foot antique candle holder worth $10,000 were missing. April 14 Trespassing: A New Castle Road man reported someone had trespassed on his property. April 16 Animal complaint: Police received a complaint of barking dogs at a residence in the 2400 block of Manor Avenue. BOARDMAN April 12 Arrest: Authorities were dispatched to St. Elizabeth Youngstown Hospital to pick up Gregory S. Johnson, 30, of Stillson Place, Boardman, who was wanted on warrants charging aggravated robbery, assault on a police officer, obstructing official business and resisting arrest. A short time earlier, police had responded to a vehicular accident near Glenwood Avenue and, while trying to administer aid, Johnson fought with, injured and bit an officer’s leg, a report showed. Theft: Two women reportedly stole a back brace and four sets of memory cards from Walmart, 1300 Doral Drive. Harassment: A Fox Run Court man said a woman has been sending him text messages that are belittling, degrading and slanderous in nature regarding their divorce. Arrest: Police on Crestline Avenue took into custody Michael R. Guerrera of Marinthiana Avenue, Boardman. Guerrera, 59, was wanted on a Belmont County warrant charging failure to appear in court. Drugs: Authorities charged Michael J. Forgash, 41, of Wildwood Drive, Boardman, with two felony counts of drug possession, one felony count of permitting drug abuse and one misdemeanor count each of possession of drug-abuse instruments and drug paraphernalia. The charges were the result of a search warrant for Forgash’s residence, where, police alleged, several hypodermic needles, a suspected crack-cocaine pipe and a digital scale with drug residue, along with bags of suspected heroin, crack cocaine and marijuana, were found. Assault: A woman alleged that after having invited her landlord to her Sheridan Road apartment to pick up her rent check, he grabbed her head and touched her in unwanted and inappropriate ways. Domestic violence: Joseph J. Mihaly III, who listed Struthers addresses on Judith Lane and Perry Street, was charged with domestic violence and obstructing official business after a woman alleged that while at a South Avenue discount store, Mihaly had punched her several times during an argument related to stolen medication. Also taken into custody was Lacey A. Livermore, 26, of Carlisle Avenue, Youngstown, who was wanted on a warrant. April 13 Aggravated menacing: A Struthers man alleged that during an argument with another driver stopped at the Western Reserve Road exit off Interstate 680, the motorist had pointed a gun at him. The other driver told police the Struthers man was behind him at the light, got out and pounded on the accuser’s door, causing him to fear for his safety, at which time he showed the firearm. Criminal damaging: A piece of concrete was used to smash a vehicle’s rear windshield in the 4100 block of Glenwood Avenue. Domestic violence: Francisco A. Luciano, 18, of Glendale Avenue, Boardman, was taken into custody on a warrant after a woman alleged that while in a Boardman-Canfield Road restaurant’s parking lot, Luciano had struck her face, grabbed the accuser’s hair and tossed her to the ground during an argument about their child. Theft: A Youngstown woman reported her wallet missing after having ridden a Western Reserve Transit Authority bus near Glenwood Avenue and U.S. Route 224. A bus surveillance camera showed a woman in her 70s taking and concealing the victim’s property, a report stated. Theft: A woman reportedly stole $40 worth of children’s merchandise from Walmart. Unauthorized use of a vehicle: A Stadler Avenue woman said her former boyfriend has failed to return her grandmother’s 2007 Mercury Mariner vehicle. Criminal damaging: A township woman told authorities that while driving on West Western Reserve Road, a motorist traveling in the opposite direction tossed a cup of liquid, which broke her driver’s-side door mirror. Assaults: A Boardman woman and a man each reported having been assaulted by the other at a Market Street gas station, apparently during a dispute regarding the way the man had parked his car. Trespassing: After responding to a report of an unwanted person at Walmart, officers charged Heath G. Shiflett of Seventh Street, Struthers, with criminal trespassing. Shiflett, 27, was at the big-box store in violation of a criminal-trespassing warning he had been given during a previous shoplifting situation, police said. Theft: Authorities charged Latoya K.M. Broadus, 40, with stealing three dresses and a shirt from Kohl’s, 383 Boardman-Poland Road. Broadus, of Murray Avenue, Campbell, also was wanted on a probation-violation charge from Liberty Township. Impersonation: A Girard woman reported that soon after having left her job at a Boardman-Poland Road restaurant, a man in a four-door white Chevrolet with flashing red and blue lights on its dashboard tricked her into pulling over near Pinewood Drive and Route 224. The woman got away after seeing that the man was wearing blue jeans and no police uniform, a report said. Theft: Two women reportedly took seven packages of steaks valued at $200 from Giant Eagle, 476 Boardman-Canfield Road. Breaking and entering: Candis S. Wynn, 30, of Lucretia Avenue, Girard, was charged with breaking and entering and vandalism after someone had entered Washing Well Laundry, 7170 West Blvd. Surveillance footage showed Wynn rummaging through papers in an office area; also, a battery, laundry detergent and numerous other missing items were found in her car, a report stated. Theft: Sherry K. Davis, 23, of Park Avenue, Youngstown; Na’Tyjisha D. McCall, 20, of Oregon Avenue, Youngstown; and a 17-year-old city girl were charged, accused of stealing 14 DVDs, a bottle of wine, assorted Easter candy, three articles of clothing and a cellphone case from Walmart. April 14 Breaking and entering: Someone broke into Tire Pad, 4730 Southern Blvd., before a hole was discovered in a wooded garage door. Twenty catalytic converters and a scanner were removed, for a damage and loss estimate of slightly more than $7,000. Theft: A 16-year-old Lisbon girl was accused of stealing $89 worth of property, including a bracelet set, from Target, 417 Boardman-Poland Road. Theft: Jennifer L. Phelps, 38, of Fourth Street, Struthers, was charged in the theft of $84 worth of merchandise that included a decal, from Walmart. Theft: Two women reportedly stole eight packages of steaks worth $233 from Giant Eagle, 476 Boardman-Canfield Road. Breaking and entering: Someone broke into a garage in the 10 block of Beechwood Drive, then removed a 12-horsepower chain-drive garage-door opener and $450 worth of miscellaneous hardware items. April 15 Arrest: Police arrested Lucinda F. Zecher, 42, who listed addresses on Market Street in Boardman and Sixth Street in Campbell. Zecher was wanted on two second-degree misdemeanor warrants charging one count each of animal cruelty and animal abandonment. Pursuit/drug paraphernalia: The driver of a pickup truck reportedly led officers on a slow-speed pursuit into Youngstown after having refused to pull over for a traffic stop on Market Street and before striking an East Judson Avenue home on the city’s South Side. The man then fled on foot, leaving a suspected crack-cocaine pipe and several other pieces of contraband in the truck, a report showed. Domestic violence: Austintown police handed to township authorities Jedediah J. Hill, 32, of Brookfield Avenue, Boardman, who was wanted on one count each of domestic violence and making domestic-violence threats. Hill’s wife alleged he had shoved her into a wall, which may have exacerbated a prior shoulder injury she suffered; he also made several calls that included a threat to kill the accuser, she further alleged. Robbery: A Youngstown man reported that after having been dropped off at Southern Park Mall, a man wearing a black mask, a hood over his head and a blue hooded sweatshirt, and who had a deep, raspy voice, held him at gunpoint and demanded the victim’s money and shoes. Theft: A $100 spool of cable wire was taken from a work van in the 4000 block of South Avenue. Theft: Vincent J. Carosella, 54, of Hunter Street, Austintown, was charged with taking a wireless headset, two energy drinks and a set of earbud headphones from Walmart. Theft: Felicia I. Wallace, 44, was charged after $290 worth of men’s clothing was stolen from Kohl’s. Wallace, of Glenwood Avenue, Boardman, also was wanted on three warrants from the Trumbull County 911 center. Assault/theft: A Wolosyn Circle woman alleged a man had grabbed her arms, threw the accuser out of bed and onto the floor and struck her head with a cellphone before stealing $400 from her kitchen. Identity fraud: A Lynn Mar Avenue woman learned that her debit card had been used to make 13 fraudulent purchases from an area Walmart store that totaled about $650. April 16 Assault/theft: An Aravesta Avenue woman reported a wallet, $70, a driver’s license and other small items stolen. In addition, a man twice punched her face during an argument about their relationship, she also alleged. Vandalism: A tenant reportedly did $100 in damage to a door to a room at a Market Street motel. Recovered property: A 2009 Cadillac vehicle was found on Youngstown’s South Side without its tires and wheels after a city man had reported the car stolen while he was in the 7000 block of Market Street. Assault: A Huntington Drive woman alleged a man had hit her face during a discussion regarding their relationship. Other stories of interest JJC escapee back in custody Austintown woman charged with 2 counts of child endangering 2 Trumbull men revived with naloxone found with infant Man gets 18 months for running from cops Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
GoSearch Replay: News at 11 News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Good News Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 73° 73° Low 65° High 82° Fri 50° 89° Sat 54° 65° Sun 53° 65° See complete forecast Razor recalls RipStik motorized board due to possible malfunction Posted 10:52 pm, April 20, 2017, by Melissa Stephenson Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Razor has recalled their RipStik Motorized Caster Boards because of a fall hazard. The rear wheel can stop rotating and lock up while the board is in use which poses the risk for users to fall, according to the U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission. The RipStik was sold at Target, Toys R Us, Walmart, and other stores nationwide. It was also sold online at Amazon.com, Razor.com, Target.com, toysrus.com and Walmart.com and other websites from February 2016 through April 2017 for about $180. The boards have two wheels, a hub motor and a lithium ion battery. They have a wireless digital hand remote that controls the speed up to 10 mph. The manufacturing date is on the bar code label located on the bottom of the product and Razor USA LLC is embossed on the bottom. “RipStik” is printed on the top of the boards that come in blue and black. Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled caster boards and contact Razor to receive a free repair kit. Call Razor toll-free at 866-467-2967 or click here and then click on “Recall Information” for more information. Filed in: News Topics: Parenting, Recall, skateboarding Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email The News 3 App Center Get the latest news and live radar on your phone! Popular Three arrested after driver shoots at another vehicle during Camden Co. incident Father charged with murder of 4-year-old son in Ocean View Pentagon to test ability to shoot down North Korean missiles North Carolina mother of four dies after complaining of migraine Latest News Norfolk Police search for missing elderly man with dementia Man suffers life threatening injuries in Norfolk shooting Hillary Clinton blasts President Trump on LGBT rights Razor recalls RipStik motorized board due to possible malfunction News Britax recalls more than 700,000 strollers due to fall hazard News Calphalon recalls cutlery knives due to possible blade breakage, laceration hazard News 680,000 baby rattles recalled due to choking hazard News More than 400,000 plastic toy frogs recalled News 20,000 pounds of frozen pizza recalled over listeria fears Health News 40,000 pounds of veal recalled due to possible E.coli contamination News 40,000 pounds of veal recalled due to possible E.coli contamination News Little Tikes recalls toddler swings after injuries to children News Pennsylvania girl first US death from hoverboard fire News La-Z-Boy recalls power supplies sold with lift chairs due to shock hazard News Patio chairs sold at Home Depot recalled due to fall hazard News Thousands of rock salt lamps recalled due to shock, fire hazards Health News Cheesemaker Sargento cuts supplier after product recall Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher station operated by Tribune Broadcasting • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Releases 2017 Annual Report, Proxy Statement, Global Responsibility Report and Global Ethics and Compliance Program Update BENTONVILLE, Ark., April 20, 2017 — Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) today issued its 2017 Annual Report, Global Responsibility Report, an update on its Global Ethics and Compliance Program and filed its Proxy Statement in preparation for the company’s upcoming Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on Friday, June 2, 2017. Digital Press Kit View and download related reports and documents “We are a company of the future. We’re operating from a strong foundation built by those before us and taking action aimed at strengthening our business this year and beyond,” Walmart President and Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon said in his letter to shareholders, associates and customers. “We’ll continue to strengthen our stores around the world, we’ll continue to build our e-commerce and digital capabilities and we’ll put them together in a way that saves customers time and money.” Annual Report Highlights The 2017 Annual Report, Moving with Speed, provides shareholders with highlights of Walmart’s achievements in the last fiscal year and key company-wide initiatives for the upcoming year. The full report is available here. In the report, McMillon highlights how the company is continuing to write its own history of innovation by harnessing the power of technology and its investments in associates to create new ways of serving customers and providing associates with more opportunities to grow their careers. The company plans to focus on four key objectives in the coming year – make every day easier for busy families, change the way Walmart works, deliver results and operate with discipline and be the most trusted retailer – to take advantage of opportunities resulting from the fundamental transformation of the retail industry within the economy and the communities Walmart serves. Also in the report is an update on governance and shareholder engagement from Chairman of the Board of Directors, Greg Penner. In his letter to shareholders, Penner states, “The transformation of Walmart is gaining momentum, and the Board of Directors is confident that we have the right strategy to position the business for sustainable growth and shareholder returns in this new era of retail. Today’s customer has more time pressures than ever, and our focus on making life easier for busy families is critical. Walmart is uniquely positioned to deliver on that goal.” 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and Proxy Statement The company began distributing its Proxy Statement today with details of its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, to be held on Friday, June 2, 2017, at 8 a.m. (CDT) in Bud Walton Arena on the University of Arkansas campus in Fayetteville, Ark. Shareholders of record as of the close of business on April 7, 2017, the record date for the meeting, are entitled to vote at this year’s meeting. This year’s Proxy materials seek Shareholders’ vote on 11 director nominees, three company proposals and three shareholder proposals. Linda Wolf and Pam Craig are retiring from the Board and will not stand for re-election. As Walmart maintains its commitment to an independent board, it announced Carla Harris, vice chair of the Wealth Management business segment of Morgan Stanley, as a new independent nominee. “Linda and Pam have provided insightful leadership and demonstrated a deep commitment to the Board and shareholders that will be missed,” Penner said. “Linda’s brand management and international business expertise have benefited Walmart tremendously while Pam’s global perspectives, finance and technology experience have proven instrumental as we reposition the business for sustainable growth through stores, mobile and e-commerce. They both have also been strong advocates and leaders for Walmart’s Womens’ Empowerment and Diversity and Inclusion programs. With their retirements, we look forward to the deep experience in capital markets and global finance that Carla is prepared to provide to the Board.” Wolf, who served as chair of the Compensation and Management Development Committee and was a member of the Technology and eCommerce Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee, is rotating off of the Board after 12 years of service in accordance with Walmart’s corporate governance guidelines. Craig joined the Board in 2013 and served on the Technology and eCommerce Committee and the Audit Committee. She and Walmart mutually agreed that she will not stand for re-election due to the technical meaning of “independent” under the NYSE’s rules. As part of its annual review, the Board recently determined that Craig is no longer independent based on the 2016 promotion of her brother-in-law to executive officer of a Walmart supplier. Payments by Walmart to the supplier account for more than two percent of the supplier’s annual revenues If not for this technical issue, the Board otherwise considers Craig independent due to the fact that her brother-in-law is responsible for a region with the supplier that does a minimal amount of business with Walmart. Neither have a direct nor indirect material interest in the relationship between Walmart and the supplier. Harris’ experience during her 30-year career with Morgan Stanley has included investment banking, equity capital markets, equity private placements, and initial public offerings in a number of industries such as technology, media, retail, telecommunications, transportation, healthcare and biotechnology. In 2013, she was also appointed by President Obama to serve as Chair of the National Women’s Business Council. The 2017 Proxy Statement can be read online. Shareholders unable to attend the 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in person may view a live webcast at http://www.stock.walmart.com. Global Responsibility Report Walmart’s 2017 Global Responsibility Report, the company’s tenth, outlines the company’s major milestones in fiscal year 2017 tied to environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives, specifically highlighting the company’s progress within those areas. The report also outlines Walmart’s shared value priorities and aspirations for 2025 to continue to advance global responsibility in the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and community. The report is available digitally and can be viewed online. Global Ethics and Compliance Update Five years ago, the company began a multi-year process to reorganize, unify and professionalize its ethics and compliance program. The company’s fourth report on ethics and compliance looks back at the program’s growth over the past five years into a leading, world-class organization, and efforts to continue to prioritize and enhance ethics and compliance training, anti-corruption policies and procedures and digitization of compliance processes and systems. The detailed report is available here. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at and on Twitter at . CategoriesUncategorized Tags$WMT, Annual general meeting, Arkansas, Audit Committee, BENTONVILLE, Biotechnology, Board of directors, Brand Management, brother-in-law, Business Finance, Carla Harris, Compensation and Management Development Committee, Corporate governance, Corporate law, Doug McMillon, E-Commerce, e-commerce and digital capabilities, e-commerce websites, Economy, Fayetteville, Greg Penner, Healthcare, investment banking, Linda Wolf, Management, Media, Mobile Technology, Morgan Stanley, National Women’s Business Council, Nominating and Governance Committee, Obama, Pam Craig, President, Proxy statement, Retail, retail stores, Structure, Technology and eCommerce Committee, technology experience, Telecommunication, Transportation, trusted retailer, University of Arkansas, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Walmart Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Creater.com.cn Provides Shared and Exclusive Office Spaces for Various Companies Next PostNext ORAU named winner of 2017 EPEAT Purchaser Award Search Recent Posts 2017 MotoAmerica Series Arrives in Austin, Texas ORAU named winner of 2017 EPEAT Purchaser Award Walmart Releases 2017 Annual Report, Proxy Statement, Global Responsibility Report and Global Ethics and Compliance Program Update Creater.com.cn Provides Shared and Exclusive Office Spaces for Various Companies Hand Spinner Store Presents New Fidget Toys for Alleviation of Stress Proudly powered by WordPress
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev ISIS claims attack on Paris police along Champs-Elysees Minn. serial rapist testifies about violent history and fantasies Minn. Senate votes to block cities from setting minimum wage, sick leave Justice Department considering charges against WikiLeaks members Six mumps cases confirmed at University of Minnesota Prince's hometown struggles with loss still felt a year after his death Vikings' 2017 schedule littered with potholes, but has soft spots, too New brewery to open on Lake Minnetonka Minnesota Muslim teen wins fight to box wearing a hijab 'Aggravating' series ends with Twins swept by Cleveland Innovation chief departs Target as projects are dismantled next Local 420033563 St. Cloud Wal-Mart closes after man stabs 17-year-old girl A 29-year-old St. Cloud man was in custody and refusing to speak to officers. The teen said she didn't know why she was stabbed.  By Vince Tuss Star Tribune April 20, 2017 — 9:51pm Text size share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint The Wal-Mart in St. Cloud closed Thursday night after a random stabbing that wounded a 17-year-old girl, police said. A 29-year-old St. Cloud man was in custody, authorities added, but he is refusing to speak to officers. “At this time, the circumstances leading up to the assault is unknown,” St. Cloud police said in a statement, adding there is no threat to public safety. It is not known when the store will reopen. The teen said she did not know the man nor why he stabbed her under her left arm. Police were called to the Wal-Mart, 3601 2nd St. S., about 7:30 p.m. Store security had the man contained in an area of the store, the statement said. The teen was taken to St. Cloud Hospital to be treated for what police called non-life-threatening injuries. Anyone with information is asked to call St. Cloud police at 1-320-251-1200. Tri-County Crime Stoppers also is taking tips, via phone at 1-320-255-1301 or 1-800-255-1301, online at www.tricountycrimestoppers.org or by text to 274637 and put TRITIP and a space before any message.     vincent.tuss@startribune.com 612-673-7692 vtuss More from Star Tribune Minn. Senate votes to block cities from setting minimum wage, sick leave Innovation chief departs Target as projects are dismantled Vikings' 2017 schedule littered with potholes, but has soft spots, too Minnesota police dept. wins Twitter again with hilarious 4/20 tweet Emergency Siren Test Today - Unprecedented Warm Streak for USA - Minnesota's Biggest Weather Killer Woman found fatally shot in Brooklyn Center hotel; 6 arrested Some Starbucks to open later following early morning robberies Charges: Masked bandits shot Prior Lake man over drug deal-turned robbery, then fled, shot at cops FBI seeks information, videos linked to St. Cloud attack Woman fatally shot outside north Mpls. home was mother of three teens More From Local Music 12:40am Prince fans to mark anniversary of music superstar's death For Prince fans, the one-year anniversary of his shocking death from an accidental drug overdose will be a time for sadness and celebration. State + Local 12:15am Minn. serial rapist testifies about violent history and fantasies In tearful testimony, Thomas Duvall describes his violent past and pleaded to be released. Prince April 20 Paisley Park's Prince party kicks off with live music and inside stories About 2,000 ardent fans attended the $500-to-$1,000-per-ticket affair. St. Paul April 20 Community tells St. Paul police, leaders that it wants change Police shootings must be prevented, community members tell officials. Super Bowl LII April 20 Minneapolis will be reimbursed almost $5 million for Super Bowl services, public safety, facilities Police services, at $3.1 million, are the biggest expense in the proposed contract. Top Stories ISIS claims attack on Paris police along Champs-Elysees Apr. 20 Minn. serial rapist testifies about violent history and fantasies 12:15am Minn. Senate votes to block cities from setting minimum wage, sick leave Apr. 20 Most Read Minnesota police dept. wins Twitter again with hilarious 4/20 tweet • Local Minn. Senate votes to block cities from setting minimum wage, sick leave • Minneapolis 75,000 ladybugs being released inside Mall of America for Earth Day • West Metro Second-worst mayor in the country? Betsy Hodges fires back • Minneapolis St. Cloud Wal-Mart closes after man stabs 17-year-old girl • Local World ISIS claims attack on Paris police along Champs-Elysees GM quits Venezuela after government seizes its factory Nation Arkansas overcomes legal hurdles, carries out execution Berkeley reverses decision to cancel speech by conservative pundit Coulter Politics White House pushes uncertain bid to revive health care bill Minn. Senate votes to block cities from setting minimum wage, sick leave markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild's Charlie Coyle steps up his game in playoffs Boudreau seeks peak effort for Game 5 against Blues Twins 'Aggravating' series ends with Twins swept by Cleveland Scoggins: Molitor endures a difficult day at the office Vikings Vikings' playoff aspirations begin (Saints) and end (Bears) at home Vikings' 2017 schedule littered with potholes, but has soft spots, too Celebrities Singer Cuba Gooding Sr. found dead in car in Los Angeles President Trump welcomes Sarah Palin to White House Super Bowl LII Super Bowl hosts share the wealth statewide Minneapolis will be reimbursed almost $5 million for Super Bowl services, public safety, facilities poll Poll: If you could have season tickets for one Minnesota pro team, w... 10,000 Takes Minneapolis caterer recalls four unforgettable, regrettable '80s proms How I learned to stop worrying and start loving leggings Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Study uses epidural stimulation to aid people with spinal cord injur... 02:17 The Mayo Clinic is conducting a study using epidural stimulation on spinal ... Taste Granola, yogurt and kombucha? Hippies were right about food Brighten meals with lemony sorrel StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Wal-Mart top five execs earn more than $60 million in recent fiscal year Bill Halter and L’Oréal are counting on the sun Phoenix Investors to spend $10 million on former Whirlpool plant, already in talks with tenant prospects J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas executes first death row inmate since 2005; Ledell Lee executed shortly before midnight U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy calls U.S. Marshals Museum ‘living monument’ to law enforcement Death row inmate Ledell Lee likely to be executed, Stacey Johnson’s execution will not happen (Updated) Little Rock mayor rebukes state legislature, Congressmen over Internet sales tax TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy calls U.S. Marshals Museum ‘living monument’ to law enforcement Wal-Mart top five execs earn more than $60 million in recent fiscal year Phoenix Investors to spend $10 million on former Whirlpool plant, already in talks with tenant prospects J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office TB&P Daily: John Brummett on state executions past, present and future Reps. Reginald Murdock and Andy Davis discuss legislative session, death penalty politics TB&P Daily: Brooke Vines of Vines Media U.S. Rep. Hill wants President Trump leadership on tax reform Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy The Supply Side: App offers real-time answers to retail questions USA Truck hires new CFO, also brings on new human resources exec Arkansas trucking group marks 85 years of advocating for the industry Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart top five execs earn more than $60 million in recent fiscal year BusinessLatest NewsNorthwest Arkansas by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 5 hours ago 255 views  Tags: Wal-Mart executive pay 0 SHARES Share Tweet Doug McMillon, CEO of Wal-Mart Stores, visits briefly with the media following the company’s shareholders meeting held Friday (June 3, 2016) in Fayetteville. The top boss at Wal-Mart Stores Inc. saw his pay rise almost 13% in the most recent fiscal year thanks to a cash bonus bump of 42% tied to meeting financial performance goals, according to the corporate Proxy filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission late Thursday. Wal-Mart Stores CEO Doug McMillon earned total compensation of $22.352 million last year, the majority of which came in stock awards based on performance. McMillon’s total earnings rose 12.8% from $19.808 million in the prior year. His base salary totaled $1.278 million, up 1.23% from the prior year. He elected to defer $130,000 of his base salary to the deferred compensation matching plan. His stock awards totaled $15.224 million last year, up a 6.68% from fiscal 2016. The cash bonus, based on financial performance, rose to $4.851 million, up 42% in the year-over-year period. Pension contributions on his behalf totaled $510,155 and McMillon also earned $486,732 in other compensation which includes 401K matching contribution, use of corporate aircraft and contributions on his behalf to a deferred compensation plan. McMillon’s bigger bonus pay was directly related to earnings per share exceeding initial guidance last year. For his cash bonus McMillon’s payout was at 119.2% of the target. Brett Biggs, chief financial officer for Wal-Mart Stores, earned total compensation of $6.405 million last year. His total compensation was lower than the $8.615 million he earned in fiscal 2016. But last year Biggs’s base salary of $854,670 was up 37% year-over-year. He elected to defer $247,000 of his salary to the deferred compensation matching plan in fiscal 2017. His cash bonus rose to $2.026 million, compared to $924,965 in the prior year. His stock awards were significantly lower in fiscal 2017 at $3.176 million, down from $6.854 million the prior year. Biggs’ other compensation rose to $249,783, up from $119,140 in the prior year. Pension contributions made in his behalf also rose to $101,880, from $81,490 in the prior year. The company said fiscal 2017 was the first full year in his role as chief financial officer. Greg Foran, CEO of Walmart U.S., saw his total compensation rise to $11.553 million last year, up slightly from $11.544 million. His base salary of $1.006 million rose 3% from the prior year and cash bonus pay increased to $2.861 million, up 14.85% in the same period. Stock awards were valued at $6.650 million, down from $7.035 million in the prior year. Foran’s other compensation totaled $1.027 million, down slightly from the previous year. The majority of that went to his deferred contribution plan and $72,791 was for personal use of the corporate aircraft. Walmart International CEO David Cheesewright earned $12.552 million last year, up from $10.171 million the year before. His base salary of $1.71 million increased 3.8% from the prior year. Cheesewright’s cash bonus pay totaled $3.245 million, up 31% from the prior year. Unlike Foran and Biggs, Cheesewright’s stock awards increased last year to $6.501 million. His other compensation totaled $962,853, which included $225,624 for personal use of the corporate aircraft. Cheesewright chooses to collect his pay in Canadian dollars. The figures in the Proxy are based on the average exchange rates last year. Marc Lore, CEO of Walmart U.S. eCommerce, was new to Wal-Mart last year, joining the company in early October with the $3.3 billion acquisition of Jet.com. He earned $346,154 for the remaining five months of fiscal 2017. His cash bonus pay totaled $1.055 million. In exchange for his ownership in Jet.com, Lore received stock awards totaling $242.449 million, which pushed his total compensation up to $243.876 million. Absent the special stock grant to Lore in exchange for interest in Jet.com his direct compensation for fiscal 2017 would have been about $7.6 million, according to the filing. Fiscal year net income fell 7.2% for Wal-Mart Stores and revenue for the year rose 0.8% to $485.873 billion thanks to a more than 3% gain in Walmart U.S. sales. Despite those mixed results it was the best comp sales report for the retailer in more than four years. Full-year net income was $13.643 billion, down from $14.694 billion in the previous fiscal year. Net income in the all-important fourth quarter was $3.757 billion, down almost 18% compared to  $4.574 billion in the fourth quarter of the previous fiscal year. FCPA UPDATE Wal-Mart Stores also filed its Corporate Ethics and Compliance Report on Thursday in which McMillon gave the following statement to shareholders. We are a company of the future. We’re operating from a strong foundation built by those before us and taking action aimed at strengthening our business this year and beyond. We’ll continue to strengthen our stores around the world, we’ll continue to build our e-commerce and digital capabilities and we’ll put them together in a way that saves customers time and money.” The report states Wal-Mart has invested more than $141 million in global ethics and compliance programs since 2013. The retailer did not identify how much it spent on defending itself in ongoing investigations into proposed violations of the Federal Corruption Practices Act. Since 2012 Wal-Mart has spent $837 million on FCPA matters according to the Feb. 21 earnings report. The cost of the probe into alleged violations of the Federal Corruption Practices Act equates to roughly $458,000 per day since 2012. Mike Koehler, a law professor at Southern Illinois University regarding FCPA matters, told Talk Business & Politics he believes Wal-Mart will reach a settlement in its FCPA cases this year. He said as spending on this issue has come down incrementally each year, Wal-Mart is close to winding this down. “Over the past fourteen quarters, Wal-Mart’s FCPA and compliance-related costs have been approximately $275,000, 465,000, $445,000, $396,000, $520,000, $470,000, $470,000, $516,000, $563,000, $640,000, $662,000, $855,000, $1.1 million and $1.3 million per day,” Koehler said. In the report McMillon said Wal-Mart has reshaped its ethics and compliance program over the past five years, integrating global structure to enhance transparency and accountability. “We built processes, aided by innovative technology systems, to ensure that acting in the right way is part of the company culture. And we are taking similar steps to promote integrity with our many business partners, particularly those that interact with governments for us … In light of our business’ size, we realized that technology would be essential to make our governance programs efficient and reliable. Accordingly, we’ve spent significant time and resources developing and deploying electronic systems to implement our anti-corruption policies, obtain and monitor our licenses and permits, enhance food safety, track our donations to the community, provide training to our associates, and comply with our anti-money-laundering obligations, among other functions. We are seeing strong results from these investments in people and systems. Our licensing and permitting processes provide just one example of how these improvements are helping us to effectively manage our business.” McMillon noted. He said Wal-Mart is required to apply for more than 56,000 licenses to operate its facilities outside the U.S. To meet this need, it has created licensing teams in each international market, numbering more than 300 employees in total. The company developed rules to monitor and track licenses and permits in each market, using a centralized licensing system. He said this system reduces the risk of error by organizing workflows and implementing safeguards like required approvals for paying fees. The system also provides a repository for licensing information, thereby creating transparency and enabling the company to monitor compliance with global policy and local procedures, he added. McMillon said there is board leadership actively engaged in the compliance protocol as it pertains to foreign corruption. He said the company has spent five years putting safeguards and best practices in place as well as anti-corruption training that was provided to more than 100,000 employees who interact with government officials in their jobs. Koehler has applauded Wal-Mart’s efforts to safeguard against future corruption. He said this will likely be viewed favorably by federal officials involved in the investigations. Comments comments Previous post Death row inmate Ledell Lee likely to be executed, Stacey Johnson’s execution will not happen (Updated) Next post U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy calls U.S. Marshals Museum 'living monument' to law enforcement Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, germ wagons, and getting state-ified Latest Popular Arkansas executes first death row inmate since 2005; Ledell Lee executed shortly before midnight 1 hour ago U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy calls U.S. Marshals Museum ‘living monument’ to law enforcement 4 hours ago Wal-Mart top five execs earn more than $60 million in recent fiscal year 5 hours ago Death row inmate Ledell Lee likely to be executed, Stacey Johnson’s execution will not happen (Updated) 8 hours ago Bill Halter and L’Oréal are counting on the sun 8 hours ago Fort Smith businessman announces major overhaul of downtown property 4,057 views Nine Bentonville office buildings sell for $25.1 million 1,935 views Arkansas Supreme Court removes Judge Griffen from death penalty cases, Senate President cautions members on impeachment 1,678 views Wal-Mart tech exec Marc Lore pushes plan to make up for lost time 1,553 views Damien Echols, Johnny Depp attend anti-execution rally in Little Rock 1,254 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Toggle navigation Nation World States Cities Business Sport IPL Entertainment Galleries Videos Life Style Specials Opinions All Sections   States Tamil Nadu Kerala Karnataka Andhra Pradesh Telangana Odisha Cities Chennai DelhiBengaluru Hyderabad Kochi Thiruvananthapuram Nation World Business Sport Cricket Football Tennis Other Education Social News Entertainment English Hindi Kannada Malayalam Tamil Telugu Review Galleries Videos Auto Life style Tech Health Travel Food Books Spirituality Opinions Editorials Ask Prabhu Columns Prabhu Chawla T J S George S Gurumurthy Ravi Shankar Shankkar Aiyar Shampa Dhar-Kamath Karamatullah K Ghori Edex Indulge Magazine The Sunday Standard E-paper Home Cities Hyderabad Walmart fined for not following norms By Express News Service  |   Published: 21st April 2017 02:16 AM  |   Last Updated: 21st April 2017 05:54 AM  |   A+A A-   |   0 Share Via Email HYDERABAD: A team of Greater Hyderabad Municipal Corporation (GHMC) on Thursday inspected Walmart - India’s Best Price Modern Wholesale store at Shivarampally at Circle-VI and imposed `10,000 compounding fees for not using stamped meat from GHMC slaughter houses. A three-member team of GHMC veterinary and health officials inspected and checked the meat samples and found that meat sold in the mall was not procured from GHMC slaughter houses and there was no GHMC stamp on the meat. GHMC officials said that apart from selling local meat, they were found selling stamped meat procured from Nagpur. GHMC warned them of stringent action and directed them to procure meat from the GHMC notified slaughter houses. Responding to the inspection, Walmart informed that food safety is deep rooted and an integral part of their compliance culture. “We strive relentlessly to provide safe, quality foods in our stores and therefore we have a well-developed food safety management system for assurance. We continually work towards mitigating food safety risks, and collaborate with all stakeholders including suppliers,” they added. “We follow stringent quality standards and ensure our suppliers have valid FSSAI licenses. We have shared the needed documents,” they added. TAGS Walmart Greater Hyderabad Municipal CorporationShivarampally O P E N Professional Courses Sponsored link Technology Courses Sponsored link Latest Banners asking Kashmiris to leave UP come up in Meerut Syria evacuees on move again after 48-hour delay: Monitor Russia bans Jehovah's Witnesses as extremist Aurangabad-Hyderabad passenger train derails in Karnataka India wins elections to two UN subsidiary bodies Chandrasekhar Rao re-elected TRS chief Jaitley takes up H-1B visa issue with US Commerce Secretary  BSP’s Naseemuddin Siddiqui appointed in-charge of MP Gallery The banality of evil: 15 of the rarest photos of Nazi dictator Adolf Hitler Camera traps installed at Telangana's Amrabad Tiger Reserve for intensive monitoring arrow Videos Europa League: Rashford scores winner against Anderlecht but Manchester United suffer Ibrahimovic blow It’s time to stop being indifferent to rapes: Maatr actor Raveena Tandon arrow FOLLOW US Copyrights New Indian Express.2017 Dinamani | Kannada Prabha | Samakalika Malayalam | Malayalam Vaarika | Indulgexpress | Edex Live Contact Us | About Us | Careers | Privacy Policy | Search | Terms of Use | Advertise With Us Home | Nation | World | Cities | Business | Columns | Entertainment | Sport | Magazine | The Sunday Standard
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Wal-Mart E-Commerce CEO Gets $244 Million in Pay After Jet Deal by Anders Melin @melinanders More stories by Anders Melin and Lisa Du @lisadont More stories by Lisa Du April 20, 2017, 4:51 PM EDT April 20, 2017, 6:38 PM EDT The bulk of his payout comes from shares tied to the merger CEO McMillon’s compensation rose 13% to $22.4 million Marc Lore. Photographer: Seth Wenig/AP Photo Wal-Mart Stores Inc. executive Marc Lore reaped an astronomical $243.9 million in compensation last year, fueled by shares he received as part of the sale of his company to the retail giant. The package included restricted stock worth $236.3 million, which came as part of the buyout of his company, Jet.com, according to a regulatory filing Thursday. Most of those shares will vest monthly through September 2021 starting later this year. He also received about $7.55 million in salary, stock awards and perks. The compensation puts Lore well ahead of his boss, Wal-Mart Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon, and vaults him into the ranks of America’s top-paid executives. McMillon got a $22.4 million pay package, up from $19.8 million in the prior year. The retailer acquired Jet last year in an effort to bolster its online sales and tapped founder Lore to be CEO of U.S. e-commerce operations of both entities. He’s revamped Wal-Mart’s shipping policies and discounted items that customers can pick up in stores, aiming to gain an edge on Amazon.com Inc. Online purchases jumped 29 percent for the quarter ending Jan. 31, the third consecutive period of gains. Wal-Mart shares rose less than 1 percent in the most recent fiscal year, compared with an increase of more than 17 percent for the S&P 500 Index. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Lore owned 15.9 percent of Jet at the time of Wal-Mart’s buyout, giving him the right to a payout of about $477 million on the deal, according to the filing. He received $80 million following the close of the sale in September, and the rest will be paid out over the next five years. Wal-Mart’s board said in the filing that it doesn’t consider his restricted shares to be part of his compensation since they came as a result of the acquisition. McMillon’s pay rose 13 percent from the prior year, in part thanks to a bigger annual bonus after the company beat targets for sales and operating income. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Ivanka Fights to Protect Her First Name The Real World of Oil Has a Warning for Financial Markets A Look at the Ugly Side of Getting Rich Subway Shuts Hundreds of U.S. Stores Elon Musk Nears $1.4 Billion Windfall as Tesla Hits Milestones Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Channel NewsAsia Return to Mobile Site Wal-Mart CEO's compensation rises to US$22.4 million News TV Connect Watch Live 0 My Playlist Sign In Menu News Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather MORE Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Live Shows News Schedule Features On The Ground Specials Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS Return to Mobile Site Business International Business Wal-Mart CEO's compensation rises to US$22.4 million Wal-Mart Stores Inc's chief executive officer received a 13 percent increase in total compensation to US$22.4 million in the fiscal year ended Jan. 31, according to a regulatory filing on Thursday, as sales growth at the world's largest retailer remained robust. Posted 21 Apr 2017 05:26 Updated 21 Apr 2017 06:10 Doug McMillon in Washington, U.S., April 11, 2017. REUTERS/Joshua Roberts Enlarge Caption  Email More A A CHICAGO: Wal-Mart Stores Inc's chief executive officer received a 13 percent increase in total compensation to US$22.4 million in the fiscal year ended Jan. 31, according to a regulatory filing on Thursday, as sales growth at the world's largest retailer remained robust. CEO Doug McMillon's compensation, which included cash and stock, compared with US$19.8 million the previous year, according to the filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. McMillon took over the top job at Wal-Mart in February 2014. In the recently ended fiscal year, Wal-Mart's operating income fell 5.6 percent to US$22.8 billion, compared with an 11 percent drop a year earlier, and sales rose 0.8 percent to US$485.9 billion. Excluding the impact of currency Wal-Mart said sales rose 3.1 percent to US$496 billion. The retailer's core U.S. operations have shown improvement, with sales at existing stores rising 1.3 percent in the last fiscal year, excluding fuel. The company has said investments in wages and training have led to better customer service at its more than 5,000 stores, including the Sam's Club warehouse chain. Wal-Mart's effort to lower prices has attracted more customers, leading to a ninth consecutive quarter of customer traffic growth at its stores during the quarter ended Jan.31. Greg Foran, head of the U.S. business, received total compensation of US$11.55 million, a slight increase from US$11.54 million a year ago. U.S. e-commerce chief Marc Lore, who joined Wal-Mart in August from e-commerce startup Jet.com, received a payout of US$243.9 million, including restricted stock units given when Wal-Mart acquired Jet. Excluding that, Lore earned US$7.6 million. (Editing by Diane Craft and Matthew Lewis) - Reuters Email More YOU MAY ALSO LIKE From Our Website From the Web Happening Now new window view more sentifi.com Channel News Asia - Sentifi topic widget My Facebook Friends Back To Top JUMP TO Select Section Asia Pacific Singapore World Business Sport Entertainment Technology Health Lifestyle Videos Weather Photos Special Reports Archives Services PSI Navigate to: News TV Connect Watch Live GET OUR APPS iPhone/iPad Android Get Our News Facebook Twitter Linkedin YouTube Mobile SMS eNews RSS News Asia Pacific World Sport Technology Lifestyle Photos Archives Singapore Business Entertainment Health Videos Special Reports TV Live News Schedule Shows Services Weather ADVERTISE WITH US Online Mobile TV Contact Sales Channel NewsAsia Channel News Asia About Us Coverage Hotel Partners Events & Seminars Presenters & Correspondents Contact Us Mediacorp Mediacorp News Group © 2017 About Mediacorp Pte Ltd Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Back To Top
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Releases 2017 Annual Report, Proxy Statement, Global Responsibility Report and Global Ethics and Compliance Program Update BENTONVILLE, Ark., April 20, 2017 — Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) today issued its 2017 Annual Report, Global Responsibility Report, an update on its Global Ethics and Compliance Program and filed its Proxy Statement in preparation for the company’s upcoming Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on Friday, June 2, 2017. Digital Press Kit View and download related reports and documents “We are a company of the future. We’re operating from a strong foundation built by those before us and taking action aimed at strengthening our business this year and beyond,” Walmart President and Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon said in his letter to shareholders, associates and customers. “We’ll continue to strengthen our stores around the world, we’ll continue to build our e-commerce and digital capabilities and we’ll put them together in a way that saves customers time and money.” Annual Report Highlights The 2017 Annual Report, Moving with Speed, provides shareholders with highlights of Walmart’s achievements in the last fiscal year and key company-wide initiatives for the upcoming year. The full report is available here. In the report, McMillon highlights how the company is continuing to write its own history of innovation by harnessing the power of technology and its investments in associates to create new ways of serving customers and providing associates with more opportunities to grow their careers. The company plans to focus on four key objectives in the coming year – make every day easier for busy families, change the way Walmart works, deliver results and operate with discipline and be the most trusted retailer – to take advantage of opportunities resulting from the fundamental transformation of the retail industry within the economy and the communities Walmart serves. Also in the report is an update on governance and shareholder engagement from Chairman of the Board of Directors, Greg Penner. In his letter to shareholders, Penner states, “The transformation of Walmart is gaining momentum, and the Board of Directors is confident that we have the right strategy to position the business for sustainable growth and shareholder returns in this new era of retail. Today’s customer has more time pressures than ever, and our focus on making life easier for busy families is critical. Walmart is uniquely positioned to deliver on that goal.” 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and Proxy Statement The company began distributing its Proxy Statement today with details of its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, to be held on Friday, June 2, 2017, at 8 a.m. (CDT) in Bud Walton Arena on the University of Arkansas campus in Fayetteville, Ark. Shareholders of record as of the close of business on April 7, 2017, the record date for the meeting, are entitled to vote at this year’s meeting. This year’s Proxy materials seek Shareholders’ vote on 11 director nominees, three company proposals and three shareholder proposals. Linda Wolf and Pam Craig are retiring from the Board and will not stand for re-election. As Walmart maintains its commitment to an independent board, it announced Carla Harris, vice chair of the Wealth Management business segment of Morgan Stanley, as a new independent nominee. “Linda and Pam have provided insightful leadership and demonstrated a deep commitment to the Board and shareholders that will be missed,” Penner said. “Linda’s brand management and international business expertise have benefited Walmart tremendously while Pam’s global perspectives, finance and technology experience have proven instrumental as we reposition the business for sustainable growth through stores, mobile and e-commerce. They both have also been strong advocates and leaders for Walmart’s Womens’ Empowerment and Diversity and Inclusion programs. With their retirements, we look forward to the deep experience in capital markets and global finance that Carla is prepared to provide to the Board.” Wolf, who served as chair of the Compensation and Management Development Committee and was a member of the Technology and eCommerce Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee, is rotating off of the Board after 12 years of service in accordance with Walmart’s corporate governance guidelines. Craig joined the Board in 2013 and served on the Technology and eCommerce Committee and the Audit Committee. She and Walmart mutually agreed that she will not stand for re-election due to the technical meaning of “independent” under the NYSE’s rules. As part of its annual review, the Board recently determined that Craig is no longer independent based on the 2016 promotion of her brother-in-law to executive officer of a Walmart supplier. Payments by Walmart to the supplier account for more than two percent of the supplier’s annual revenues If not for this technical issue, the Board otherwise considers Craig independent due to the fact that her brother-in-law is responsible for a region with the supplier that does a minimal amount of business with Walmart. Neither have a direct nor indirect material interest in the relationship between Walmart and the supplier. Harris’ experience during her 30-year career with Morgan Stanley has included investment banking, equity capital markets, equity private placements, and initial public offerings in a number of industries such as technology, media, retail, telecommunications, transportation, healthcare and biotechnology. In 2013, she was also appointed by President Obama to serve as Chair of the National Women’s Business Council. The 2017 Proxy Statement can be read online. Shareholders unable to attend the 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in person may view a live webcast at http://www.stock.walmart.com. Global Responsibility Report Walmart’s 2017 Global Responsibility Report, the company’s tenth, outlines the company’s major milestones in fiscal year 2017 tied to environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives, specifically highlighting the company’s progress within those areas. The report also outlines Walmart’s shared value priorities and aspirations for 2025 to continue to advance global responsibility in the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and community. The report is available digitally and can be viewed online. Global Ethics and Compliance Update Five years ago, the company began a multi-year process to reorganize, unify and professionalize its ethics and compliance program. The company’s fourth report on ethics and compliance looks back at the program’s growth over the past five years into a leading, world-class organization, and efforts to continue to prioritize and enhance ethics and compliance training, anti-corruption policies and procedures and digitization of compliance processes and systems. The detailed report is available here. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Walmart Highlights Progress in Creating Shared Value in Tenth Annual Global Responsibility Report Next PostNext CORRECTING and REPLACING GenMark Achieves CE Mark for its ePlex® Blood Culture Identification Fungal Pathogen Panel Search Recent Posts Pascal Bandelier Joining Cantor Fitzgerald & Co. as Global Head of Equities DHI Group, Inc. to Host First Quarter 2017 Earnings Conference Call and Strategy Update with Supporting Presentation Global Transport Incubator Market Growth Analysis by Applications and Competitive Landscape and Forecast to 2021 ION Media Pleased With Favorable FCC Action to Reinstate the UHF Discount in Response to Its Filings Uranium Resources to Present at Planet MicroCap Showcase Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart Releases 2017 Annual Report, Proxy Statement, Global Responsibility Report and Global Ethics and Compliance Program Update BENTONVILLE, Ark.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) today issued its 2017 Annual Report, Global Responsibility Report, an update on its Global Ethics and Compliance Program and filed its Proxy Statement in preparation for the company’s upcoming Annual Shareholders’ Meeting on Friday, June 2, 2017. “We are a company of the future. We’re operating from a strong foundation built by those before us and taking action aimed at strengthening our business this year and beyond,” Walmart President and Chief Executive Officer Doug McMillon said in his letter to shareholders, associates and customers. “We’ll continue to strengthen our stores around the world, we’ll continue to build our e-commerce and digital capabilities and we’ll put them together in a way that saves customers time and money.” Annual Report Highlights The 2017 Annual Report, Moving with Speed, provides shareholders with highlights of Walmart’s achievements in the last fiscal year and key company-wide initiatives for the upcoming year. The full report is available here. In the report, McMillon highlights how the company is continuing to write its own history of innovation by harnessing the power of technology and its investments in associates to create new ways of serving customers and providing associates with more opportunities to grow their careers. The company plans to focus on four key objectives in the coming year – make every day easier for busy families, change the way Walmart works, deliver results and operate with discipline and be the most trusted retailer – to take advantage of opportunities resulting from the fundamental transformation of the retail industry within the economy and the communities Walmart serves. Also in the report is an update on governance and shareholder engagement from Chairman of the Board of Directors, Greg Penner. In his letter to shareholders, Penner states, “The transformation of Walmart is gaining momentum, and the Board of Directors is confident that we have the right strategy to position the business for sustainable growth and shareholder returns in this new era of retail. Today’s customer has more time pressures than ever, and our focus on making life easier for busy families is critical. Walmart is uniquely positioned to deliver on that goal.” 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting and Proxy Statement The company began distributing its Proxy Statement today with details of its Annual Shareholders’ Meeting, to be held on Friday, June 2, 2017, at 8 a.m. (CDT) in Bud Walton Arena on the University of Arkansas campus in Fayetteville, Ark. Shareholders of record as of the close of business on April 7, 2017, the record date for the meeting, are entitled to vote at this year’s meeting. This year’s Proxy materials seek Shareholders’ vote on 11 director nominees, three company proposals and three shareholder proposals. Linda Wolf and Pam Craig are retiring from the Board and will not stand for re-election. As Walmart maintains its commitment to an independent board, it announced Carla Harris, vice chair of the Wealth Management business segment of Morgan Stanley, as a new independent nominee. “Linda and Pam have provided insightful leadership and demonstrated a deep commitment to the Board and shareholders that will be missed,” Penner said. “Linda’s brand management and international business expertise have benefited Walmart tremendously while Pam’s global perspectives, finance and technology experience have proven instrumental as we reposition the business for sustainable growth through stores, mobile and e-commerce. They both have also been strong advocates and leaders for Walmart’s Womens’ Empowerment and Diversity and Inclusion programs. With their retirements, we look forward to the deep experience in capital markets and global finance that Carla is prepared to provide to the Board.” Wolf, who served as chair of the Compensation and Management Development Committee and was a member of the Technology and eCommerce Committee and the Nominating and Governance Committee, is rotating off of the Board after 12 years of service in accordance with Walmart’s corporate governance guidelines. Craig joined the Board in 2013 and served on the Technology and eCommerce Committee and the Audit Committee. She and Walmart mutually agreed that she will not stand for re-election due to the technical meaning of “independent” under the NYSE’s rules. As part of its annual review, the Board recently determined that Craig is no longer independent based on the 2016 promotion of her brother-in-law to executive officer of a Walmart supplier. Payments by Walmart to the supplier account for more than two percent of the supplier’s annual revenues If not for this technical issue, the Board otherwise considers Craig independent due to the fact that her brother-in-law is responsible for a region with the supplier that does a minimal amount of business with Walmart. Neither have a direct nor indirect material interest in the relationship between Walmart and the supplier. Harris’ experience during her 30-year career with Morgan Stanley has included investment banking, equity capital markets, equity private placements, and initial public offerings in a number of industries such as technology, media, retail, telecommunications, transportation, healthcare and biotechnology. In 2013, she was also appointed by President Obama to serve as Chair of the National Women’s Business Council. The 2017 Proxy Statement can be read online. Shareholders unable to attend the 2017 Annual Shareholders’ Meeting in person may view a live webcast at http://www.stock.walmart.com. Global Responsibility Report Walmart’s 2017 Global Responsibility Report, the company’s tenth, outlines the company’s major milestones in fiscal year 2017 tied to environmental, social and governance (ESG) initiatives, specifically highlighting the company’s progress within those areas. The report also outlines Walmart’s shared value priorities and aspirations for 2025 to continue to advance global responsibility in the key areas of opportunity, sustainability and community. The report is available digitally and can be viewed online. Global Ethics and Compliance Update Five years ago, the company began a multi-year process to reorganize, unify and professionalize its ethics and compliance program. The company’s fourth report on ethics and compliance looks back at the program’s growth over the past five years into a leading, world-class organization, and efforts to continue to prioritize and enhance ethics and compliance training, anti-corruption policies and procedures and digitization of compliance processes and systems. The detailed report is available here. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Chlorosulfonic acid Market: Strategies, Comparison, Challenges and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Cyclohexanone Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics & Forecast 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Global Blood Fat Analyzer Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 World Sports ATV Equipment Market 2021 Report with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends, Vendor Landscape Analysis & Forecast 2017 to 2021 Aggregometer Market: Evolving Technology, Trends and Industry Analysis 2022 Global Airport Display Systems Market 2017-2021 with Vendors Siemens,Rockwell Collins,Ultra-Electronics Dominating the Market Which Grow at 5.44% by 2021- Key Vendors Landscape & Analysis Pressure Monitoring Market 2022: Trends and Growth, Segmentation and Key Companies Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Value Dental Centers Tempe is Offering Reliable Dental Solutions in Arizona Value Dental Centers Tempe is located inside Walmart in Tempe, Arizona and provides patients with a full range of dental services. Their dental services include tooth-colored fillings and crowns; partial and full dentures to replace missing teeth and restore function to smiles. They provide treatment for bruxism to stop teeth grinding and clenching; dental implants and implant-supported restorations for stable and permanent teeth replacement solution; professional teeth to remove an extrinsic stain. Also available, is porcelain veneers to hide intrinsic stains and other cosmetic imperfections; Invisalign to discreetly correct misalignment such as underbite or overbite and treatment for sleep apnea to reduce snoring and improve sleep habits. Speaking about why patients should choose Value Dental Centers Tempe, the Head Dentist said, „We care about our patients and their oral health. We make a point to get to know each of our patients personally so as to understand their dental needs. Our office has a sleek and modern design with comfortable treatment rooms and amenities to help you feel relaxed during every visit.” At Value Dental Centers customers will find the best family dentist in Tempe, Arizona. They offer high quality, convenient dental services to meet the dental care needs of the whole family. Value Dental Centers Tempe uses advanced technology to care for oral health including periodontal treatments, Invisalign orthodontic treatment, and restorative treatments for damaged or missing teeth. They are the ideal oral health specialists for clients looking for experienced dentists. Explaining more on how Value Dental handles emergencies, the Head Dentist said, „Emergencies are not predictable and happen at the least expected moments. Should an emergency occur, such as a tooth getting knocked out, a tooth getting chipped or loss of a crown, one can call the office after hours and get connected with an on-call emergency dentist who will assess the situation and attend to the emergency immediately. The dentist will ask questions to know the extent of the injury, and your answers determine if you require immediate treatment or if an appointment can be scheduled the next day or two to treat your tooth.” Clients can visit a Tempe cosmetic dentist at our centers to address a variety of flaws such as yellow teeth, reshape chipped or cracked teeth, fill in gaps, reshape gums, and to correct minor misalignments. Value Dental Centers Tempe offers a full range of cosmetic procedures to meet the individual needs of patients. Some examples are teeth whitening, porcelain veneers, dental bonding and contouring, and Invisalign. For any emergency treatments, anyone can contact a Tempe emergency dentist at their dental center at any time of the day, night or weekend. About Value Dental Centers Tempe Value Dental Centers Tempe is a dental clinic that offers a broad range of dental services such as emergency dentistry, teeth whitening, dental bonding, root canals, Invisalign Dentures, fillings, sealants, and extractions. They have a team of dentists trained to treat major dental complications as well as smaller problems such as toothaches. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Refresh MedSpa Offers Chemical Peels Treatment and Dermal Fillers in Stockton, CA Next PostNext Value Dental Centers Provides Outstanding Pediatric Dentistry in Chino Hills Search Recent Posts Lantronix Expands Sales Partnerships in Asia Pacific Japan Region The First in World History End Times Degree Program Only Through Luder Wycliffe Theological Seminary ProteanDRIVE® In-Wheel Motors on show at Auto Shanghai 2017 Cambodia Radio Live 3.0 App Customized For iOS Paris’ Champs-Elysees Shooting – Travel Insurance Coverage Pending Terrorism Declaration, says Squaremouth Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Value Dental Centers Gilbert is Providing Excellent Family Dentistry Value Dental Center is conveniently situated in Walmart in Gilbert, AZ to allow all the residents from around the area to access them quickly. They also have invested heavily in the latest technology like the in-office milling machine, x-rays and laser cavity & cancer detectors.This enables them to provide exceptional care that’s not only fast but also gentle and accurate. To top it all off, they have the best family dentists who are well able to address any dental health issue affecting adults and children alike. Clients love them for their friendly, compassionate and competent services offered at the most pocket-friendly prices. Expanding on why they are they are the best dental clinic in Gilbert, AZ, the Human Resource Manager at the Center said, “There are many dental clinics around, but none matches what we offer. Other than our state-of-the-art facility and equipment, we have a highly-qualified team, from the dentists, hygienists, and even staff. They combine forces to ensure everyone that visits gets the best that any can offer.” Residents who are trying to locate a family dentist in Gilbert, AZ can easily be overwhelmed when trying to narrow down to the best clinic. It can be daunting to go to one clinic for cosmetic services, then to another for restorative treatment and the next in case of an emergency. It’s even worse visiting a hospital with inexperienced dentists, who end up hurting your gums or not meeting expectations. This is where Value Dental Centers stands out from the rest; they have well-knowledgeable dentists, who continually educate themselves to keep up with any advancement in the field and with the newest technology to back them up, they are able to handle all types of dental concerns. The Human Resource Manager went on to say, “Our receptionists are welcoming, and will assist you with the administration bit. Should you have any concerns about our services, they will explain everything to you. The dentists will find out about your dental health history, preference, budget, and any other specifications. They’ll use the information to give you the best care to suit your needs. Our hygienists will clean your teeth, and educate you on how to maintain proper oral health.” A good family dentist in Gilbert, AZ should have the resources to treat anyone, from kids to the elderly effectively. Over the years, Value Dental Centers has been giving outstanding care to the all their patients young and old. Clients can visit them for Invisalign, dental sealants, emergency, porcelain veneers, and more. Since the practice is all about quality, convenience, and comfort, you can easily can book their services online.   About Value Dental Centers Gilbert Value Dental Centers Gilbert offers all solutions for all patients dental care and oral hygiene needs. Those looking for a  dentist in Gilbert AZ can check out what this center has to offer. About Value Dental Centers Gilbert Value Dental Centers Gilbert offers all solutions for all patients dental care and oral hygiene needs. Those looking for a  dentist in Gilbert AZ can check out what this center has to offer. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Soffront Software Sells Robust Sales and Marketing Automation Software Online Next PostNext Butchie Boyz Deshedding Tool is Donating to ASPCA and the ACF! Search Recent Posts Lantronix Expands Sales Partnerships in Asia Pacific Japan Region The First in World History End Times Degree Program Only Through Luder Wycliffe Theological Seminary ProteanDRIVE® In-Wheel Motors on show at Auto Shanghai 2017 Cambodia Radio Live 3.0 App Customized For iOS Paris’ Champs-Elysees Shooting – Travel Insurance Coverage Pending Terrorism Declaration, says Squaremouth Proudly powered by WordPress
    The Newspaper of Trucking and Freight Transportation Welcome  Guest  Log In          Home News & Analysis Special Coverage Top Stories Latest News Government News iTECH E&MU TT Archives Fuel Prices Top 100 / Top 50 Top 100 For-Hire Annual rankings provide an indispensable overview of the largest for-hire carriers in the United States and Canada, along with timely analysis of trends shaping the industry. Top 100 Private Beverage and food service fleets dominate the top spots in this comprehensive rundown of private carriers in the United States and Canada, ranked by number of tractors. Top 50 Global Freight Key data on revenue and freight assets for the 50 largest global freight carriers. Top 50 Logistics A unique ranking of the third-party logistics companies in North America includes listings of the largest freight brokerage firms, freight forwarders, warehouse operators and dedicated contract carriage service providers. Top 100 / Top 50 Top 100 For-hire Top 100 Private Top 50 Global Freight Top 50 Logistics Resources Special Reports Buyer's Guide TT Education Directory ATA Home ATA Business Solutions State Trucking Associations US Government Sites State Government Sites Interact Submit Letter to the Editor Submit Photos Submit a Press Release Tell Us How We're Doing Contact Us Classified Jobs Equipment Directories Marketplace Place an Ad Multimedia Crossword Puzzle LiveOnWeb Webinars Sponsor a Webinar Videos Events Subscribe 4/20/2017 11:55:00 AM Write a Letter to the Editor Wal-Mart Sets Ambitious Goal for Reducing Emissions in Supply Chain Tweet  Print This   Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. has set a goal of eliminating 1 billion tons of emissions from its supply chain by 2030, an effort dubbed Project Gigaton that will focus on reducing fuel use by suppliers and customers. The retail giant announced the plan during its annual Milestone Summit in Bentonville, Ark., on April 19. “We are proud of the improvements we’ve made in reducing our own emissions, but we aim to do more,” said Kathleen McLaughlin, senior vice president and chief sustainability officer for Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart has been investing in solar energy and gets about 25% of its global energy from renewable sources. It also has managed to double the efficiency of its store delivery fleet in the United States from 2005 to 2015 by buying trucks that get better fuel economy, reducing the number of miles traveled and packing more goods in its trailers through better planning and new packaging. The company is also conducting a study of the effects of e-commerce on emissions with more customers picking up items in stores or having goods delivered to the home. It’s unclear how the emissions plan might affect freight carriers that deliver to Wal-Mart. The company is asking suppliers to focus on energy, agriculture, waste, packaging, deforestation and product use and design to help reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Wal-Mart’s initiative drew praise from a number of environmental groups and businesses. “Supply chains are the new frontier of sustainability,” said Carter Roberts, CEO of the World Wildlife Fund. “The journey products take from source to shelf will collectively shape our planet’s future.” Fred Krupp, president of the Environmental Defense Fund, said Wal-Mart is showing “real leadership.” “With the federal government largely on the sidelines,” Krupp said, “the private sector is stepping up to advance solutions that will help business, people and nature thrive.” Wal-Mart ranks No. 3 on the Transport Topics Top 100 list of largest private carriers in North America with 6,277 tractors, 66,191 trailers and 199 straight trucks. By Transport Topics Follow Transport Topics on RSS Twitter Facebook © 2017, Transport Topics, American Trucking Associations Inc. Reproduction, redistribution, display or rebroadcast by any means without written permission is prohibited.   RELATED ARTICLES Carriers See Growth for Global Trade, Blockchain Technology, Dedicated (4/17/2017 2:15:00 AM) Truckstop.com on Verge of Launching Rate Forecasting Tool (4/11/2017 3:45:00 PM) Shippers, 3PLs Tout Technology as Key to Better Performance (4/7/2017 1:00:00 PM) New Wal-Mart Distribution Center to Impact Port of Mobile Traffic, I-10 Traffic (3/31/2017 5:00:00 PM) Amazon Wants Cheerios, Oreos and Other Brands to Bypass Chain Stores (3/30/2017 9:00:00 AM) Trucking Leaders Meet With Trump to Support Repeal of Affordable Care Act (3/27/2017 11:30:00 AM)  < More Related Articles...   LATEST NEWS Volvo Trucks Displays New VNR for North American Regional Market ATA Wins EPA's SmartWay Affiliate Challenge Award Again Peterbilt Truck Celebrates Canada’s 150th Anniversary USA Truck Names Jason Bates as New Chief Financial Officer Carrier Transicold to Acquire Impco Product Lines Indiana UPS Driver Marks 25 Years of Accident-Free Deliveries   More Latest News...   LATEST JOBS Powered By: Follow Us Subscribe Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Newsletters TTExpress This free daily newsletter delivers the latest headlines. TT Executive Suite This subscriber-only newsletter program tailors your news. Services Subscribe Renew Group Subscriptions Buy a Digital Copy Customer Service Archives Staff Contact Us Advertising Print Classified Digital Media Reprints Buyer's Guide © American Trucking Associations, Inc., All Rights Reserved TTNews.com Privacy Statement
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for PalmBeachPost.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your PalmBeachPost.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on PalmBeachPost.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Jobs Autos Homes Classifieds Help 74 0 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 74 0 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home News close subnav open subnav All News Breaking News Busin﻿ess Crime Booking Blotter Schools & Education Latest Videos Opinion Nation & World Mobile Alerts Email Newsletters Neighborhoods NEWS BLOGS Post on Politics Protecting Your Pocket Opinion Zone Real Time Malled! South Florida Retail Extra Credit Education West Palm Beat Eye on Palm Beach County All blogs MyPalmBeachPost close subnav open subnav All MyPalmBeachPost Local Community U.S. / World Politics Exclusives Sports Travel Food The Post's ePaper PREMIUM BLOGS Feast Palm Beach Post on Politics Real Time Frankly Florida Dave's Digital The Insider Weather close subnav open subnav All Weather Storm2017.com Interactive Radar Current Conditions Five-Day Forecast Follow Kim Weather+ App Storm2016.com Home Tropical Outlook Ocean Temps Tracking Map Life close subnav open subnav All Life Food & Dining Craft Beer Scene Ask Legal Experts Health Ask Health Experts Travel Notables Pets Offbeat Technology TAKE A BREAK Notables Games TV Listings CUSTOMER SERVICE Place an Announcement Place an Obituary Sports close subnav open subnav All Sports Scores & Schedules High Schools Dolphins Heat Marlins Hurricanes Gators Seminoles Recruiting Golf The Masters SPORTS BLOGS Daily Dolphin Heat Zone Fish Tank Canes Watch Gator Bytes Seminole Post FAU Focus High School Buzz From the Bunker Youth Sports Daily All blogs Things To Do close subnav open subnav All Things To Do Search Events Movie Showtimes Add an Event Latest Videos Dining TV Craft Beer Scene THINGS TO DO BLOGS Feast Palm Beach Featured The Pop File S. Florida Super Fun Team MORE Pets Travel More close subnav open subnav All More Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Autos Public Notices Historic Archive: 1916 -  Text Archive: 1989 -  Shopping My Local Home Design Ideas Palm Beach Post ePaper SERVICES Place a Celebration Obituary Notice Place a Classified Ad Digital Products Archives Newspapers in Education Ideabar Digital Marketing Reprints / Licensing Gallery Palm Beach 74 West Palm Beach, FL  33401 0 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index Visitor Agreement Privacy Policy Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Shortcuts Obituaries Newsletters Place a Classified Ad Subscribe Customer Care Real Estate Jobs Autos Contact Us Advertising Digital Products Explore these products PalmBeachPost.com MyPalmBeachPost.com Palm Beach Post ePaper PalmBeachDailyNews.com Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out JUST IN: Man sets his underpants ablaze in Walmart bathroom 0 JUST IN: Man sets his underpants ablaze in Walmart bathroom 0 Ryan DiPentima 11:41 a.m. Thursday, April 20, 2017 National news 0 News View CaptionHide Caption Jae C. Hong FILE - In this May 9, 2013, file photo, a worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. Wal-Mart will now let you pay with your phone at all 4,600 stores nationwide. With Walmart Pay, the cashier scans a QR code on the phone screen to complete the payment. The effort is part of Wal-Mart's overall strategy to making shopping easier and faster. (AP Photo/Jae C. Hong, File) A man’s underpants caught fire and in a Walmart bathroom, and chaos ensued. Central Pierce Fire and Rescue officials in Washington say that a “drunken man” on a toilet, fell asleep and accidentally ignited his underpants with a cigarette he had been smoking, according to the News Tribune. >> Florida man allegedly sets parents’ house afire, sits down to watch it burn Despite a blaze burning between his legs, the man slept through the entire ordeal -- up until he became startled by firefighters who attempted to extinguish the flames after being alerted by fire alarms, the News Tribune reports. “One of our guys actually used a dry chemical extinguisher to put out his pants while they were on him,” Central Pierce spokesman Brian Levings told the News Tribune. >> Mother, daughter die after becoming trapped in sauna The man was taken to a hospital and treated for burns on his legs. Read more at the News Tribune. View Comments 0 Most Read AP Explains: 4/20 grew from humble roots to pot high holiday Palm Beach County mugshots: Arrest photos from Palm Beach County Bernie Sanders fires up Democrats with call for ‘revolution’ in Miami | Post On Politics Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 74 33401 0 Most Read AP Explains: 4/20 grew from humble roots to pot high holiday Palm Beach County mugshots: Arrest photos from Palm Beach County Bernie Sanders fires up Democrats with call for ‘revolution’ in Miami | Post On Politics Things To Do Add Event + See More More from palmbeachpost.com Topics News Sports Life News Arkansas carries out first execution since 2005 Sports Cubs’ Anthony Rizzo offers batting practice passes to young fan News Cartoon News Airbrush artist touches family with tribute to slain father Things to Do Tyra Banks gears up for ‘Life Size 2’ News Little boy has the best reaction when a mascot shields him from a foul ball Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index Visitor Agreement Privacy Policy Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Close SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS LIFE NEIGHBORHOODS CLASSIFIEDS THINGS TO DO VIDEOS PARTNERS FIND N SAVE KUDZU AUTOTRADER VALPAK PALM BEACH DAILY NEWS IDEABAR DIGITAL SERVICES SHORTCUTS OBITUARIES PLACE A CLASSIFIED AD CONTACT US CLASSIFIEDS REAL ESTATE JOBS AUTOS ADVERTISE WITH US PLACE AN ANNOUNCEMENT DIGITAL PRODUCTS CUSTOMER CARE SUBSCRIBE FUN GAMES FOLLOW US MOBILE ALERTS NEWSLETTERS FACEBOOK TWITTER INSTAGRAM YOUTUBE PINTEREST UTILITIES ARCHIVES MEMBER CENTER WEATHER TRAFFIC MAP PUBLIC NOTICES GALLERY PALM BEACH NEWSPAPERS IN EDUCATION REPRINTS / LICENSING INTERNSHIPS PRODUCTS PalmBeachPost.com - Get Palm Beach County's News Now myPalmBeachPost - Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More ePaper - Read Today's Paper The Palm Beach Post - Real News Starts HereSubscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
null
Screen Rant You Are Reading: 15 Reasons Superstore Is The True Successor To The Office Share On Facebook Comments Next Follow Us Follow @screenrant SR EXCLUSIVES MOVIE NEWS TV NEWS REVIEWS VIDEOS LISTS + QUIZZES TRAILERS PODCASTS TOP MOVIES Comics Gaming Up Next ShareOn Facebook Tweet Share Email Share Share Pin It Share Comment 15 Reasons Superstore Is The True Successor To The Office By Mitch Ward 14 hours ago No Comments ShareOn Facebook Tweet Share Email Share Share Pin It Share Comment You know that show that doesn’t get enough credit? No doubt a flurry of shows just leapt to your mind. But the one that should draw your attention is a little workplace comedy that echoes one of the best of its genre. The current TV show in question is Superstore, and it echoes the mother of all workplace comedies, The Office. Superstore, which takes place in a Walmart-esque big-box store, can be funny, irreverent, and touching all at once. Cloud 9, like its parent company Dunder Mifflin, houses a wide array of characters and acts as a playground for their misadventures. If you haven’t taken a chance to visit, you really ought to. Superstore is a worthy followup to The Office. This doesn’t mean it’s the best workplace comedy since The Office, as it hasn’t exceeded Parks and Recreation. Disavowing Parks as The Office‘s title bearer has nothing to do with its quality, but more to do with the fact that the two were very different shows. Superstore, however, is more in line with The Office‘s core characteristics. With the citizens of Pawnee hopefully placated, let’s dive into the 15 Reasons Superstore Is The True Successor To The Office. 15. Familiar Archetypes Archetypes are often unfairly scorned. They serve as the building blocks for every character you see, and only go bad if they remain building blocks, left unfinished by lazy writers. The writing staff behind The Office knew exactly which archetypes would benefit a show about workplace mundanity, and molded those types into characters that are still loved today. Superstore draws on the same basic archetypes as The Office. But the show shuffles these archetypes and splits them up to accommodate a new cast of characters. Jim’s disregard for productivity passes on to Garrett, while his subtle charm manifests in Jonah. Dwight’s commando vigilance finds a home with Dina, while his constant ass-kissing transfers over to Mateo. The similarities to The Office are in plain sight, but look so fashionable on Superstore‘s cast that you don’t cry ripoff. The writers’ room for Superstore is occupied by hardworking archetype sculptors, and the resulting cast of characters grows the fruits of their labors. Superstore’s cast is sure to gain emotional traction with fans like The Office once did. 14. Social Commentary From labor unions to election tampering, many social topics are stocked in Superstore’s warehouse. Like The Office, Superstore invites closer examination of larger issues. The Office took an often uncomfortable look at how average Americans approach subjects like race, sexuality, and gender politics. Superstore inspects issues with its predecessor’s same acerbic style. Most pointedly, Supserstore walks a tightrope in a story where Glenn, the store manager and devout Christian, objects to the morning after pill. Glenn, rather than coming off as a vengeful pro-lifer, continues to be the well-intentioned man he’s always been, just one whose worldview sometimes overshadows his better tendencies. This is ratified when Glenn, much to his bank account’s dismay, purchases all of the pills in the store to keep customers from buying them. Superstore adopts many other issues that brew endless contention, and makes them easier to swallow. No character is punished for their outlook, and neither are they idolized for having a particular stance. Like everybody, they’re just regular people in the same world as us. 13. Diverse Cast Representation seems as important to Superstore as it was to The Office. Superstore fills its roster with actors of all ages, ethnicities, and sexual preferences, without treating them like items on a diversity checklist. Altogether, the actors give great performances and emulate what America really looks like. In that order. At the risk of making this a shallow recitation of Superstore‘s inclusion, this list still owes it to readers to mention the many types of people who keep Cloud 9 up and running. For starters, the cast is led by America Ferrera’s Amy, a Honduran-American. There’s also Mateo, a Filipino employee who the show reveals as an undocumented US resident. And finally you have Garrett, the paraplegic operator of Cloud 9’s intercom system. These are only a few selections from Superstore‘s primary cast, and doesn’t even speak to the recurring characters in the show’s lower tiers. The producers of Superstore cast their show the way ever sitcom on air now should. 12. Hilarious Side Characters Speaking of Superstore‘s lower tier cast, rarely does a character enter Cloud 9’s sliding doors without eliciting a fair share of laughs. Every corner of the store employs a different quirky individual, much like Dunder Mifflin did for the Scranton branch of its enterprise. Behind the counter at Cloud 9’s pharmacy, you’ll find a pharmacist who perceives himself as a ladykiller, and spends his downtime writing a screenplay that’s totally not like Limitless (except it’s exactly like Limitless). Elsewhere, you’ll meet Myrtle, an elderly worker at Cloud 9, who in her later years is a proud free spirit. Most notably, Superstore‘s surefire fan favorite is Sandra, a timid character who rarely speaks up, even when it’d help for her too (when a character suddenly goes into labor in the store, Sandra mentions in a whisper that she’s a trained midwife). There’s never a wasted character on Superstore, which means there’s never a wasted opportunity to make people laugh. 11. Celebrates the Ordinary On The Office, Jim Halpert had the unique ability to make the monotonous ins and outs of the workday seem somehow extraordinary. While Jim seemed like the sole arbiter of fun on The Office, Superstore offers multiple sources of everyday shake-upery, and in consequence makes Cloud 9 look like an oddly fun place to work. Jonah, who assumes the part of a more pretentious Jim, frequently challenges Amy to increasingly weird dares. More than a few employees at Cloud 9 will swipe snacks off of shelves and eat them with peckish abandon, caring little whether or not they’re found out. Superstore’s antics even spill out onto the parking lot, where Jonah and Garrett have spent time racing in shopping carts. While your average Target might not seem like a desired place of occupation, Cloud 9, or at least the specific store that provides Jonah, Amy, and Garrett their paychecks, seems like a delightful place to spent your 9 to 5. 10. Humor that’s just awkward enough The Office wasn’t for everyone. Some could endure the socially oblivious Michael Scott from one horrendously awkward scenario to the next. Others put as much distance between themselves and Scott’s cringe-factor as possible. But at the end of the day, The Office knew best how to evenly distribute funny and awkward, and Superstore can also handle that balance. The pinnacle of Superstore‘s discomfort comes when the spokesman for Cloud 9 is ousted as a serial cannibal. As a completely appropriate response, Jonah dares Amy to dress up in the spokesman’s outfit, worn on his television commercials, and walk around the store during open hours in full view of customers. This is a prime example of an uncomfortable situation being made unnecessarily more unbearable by the people involved. And the results are gut-busting. Superstore is the type a show that can take on an awkward story and ride it to the end, through thick and thin. Still, who knows if Superstore will reach the cringeworthy heights of The Office‘s “Diversity Day.” 9. Romance A sitcom can’t survive on laughs alone. It needs a beating heart. Only time will tell if Superstore can conjure a romance as timeless as Jim and Pam, or Leslie and Ben on Parks and Recreation. But Superstore definitely has several irons in the romantic fire, and anyone of them could assemble a crowd of shippers. A lot of viewers are resting their expectations of a second generation Jim and Pam on the Jonah and Amy. And to be fair, there is a lot of chemistry between them, and a good amount of obstacles given Amy’s husband and daughter. But perhaps Superstore’s romance pairs Mateo with Jeff, a district manager of Cloud 9. Company restrictions on worker relationships make Mateo and Jeff all the more compelling. The writers deserve a lot of credit for making them an engaging couple who’re gay but treated just as legitimate as a straight couple, without jokes being made at their expense. The only other couple on TV like them is Titus and Mikey on Unbreakable Kimmy Schmidt. 8. Uses setting for all its worth With titles like The Office and Superstore, each show spends most of their time in their eponymous locations. Financially speaking, this makes life easier for the showrunners. But creatively speaking, it can be tough for a writer to demarcate stories to one environment. Luckily, the writers on Superstore are no slackers, as evidenced by their subversion of archetypes. How much could possibly happen inside a big-box store over the course of a day? It turns out a lot, as Cloud 9 sees hi-jinxes daily from the first aisle to the last. On some occassions the heater will break, and each plot-line of the episode will capture every character’s method for dealing with it. Or maybe food poisoning hits the employees on the infamous Black Friday. The characters don’t have to look far outside Cloud 9’s walls to run into a worthwhile story. Shows that make the most of their location end up having the most to give, even if that location is contained. Superstore understands, like The Office previously did, that setting matters. 7. Holiday Themed Episodes Lately, season lengths have dropped in proportion to the the sudden rise in TV shows on air. But long seasons still offer that yearlong presence, allowing shows to celebrate special events with viewers. The Office made use of this by scheduling special episodes around each holiday, and Superstore continues in this vein. When a holiday comes around, be it Halloween, Valentines Day, or Christmas, Superstore uses it as a kind of writing prompt, and then models an episode around it. A Christmas episode brings seasonal help to Cloud 9, offering a bevy of new story opportunities. Valentines Day motivates some employees to intercede with the love lives of others, however ill-advised that might be. Superstore makes the special times during the year seem all the more memorable. Obviously, holiday episodes are not unique to either The Office or Superstore (Community was particularly good at them in its time). But Superstore’s holiday episodes most clearly resemble the awkward, heartfelt occasions that defined The Office during the year. 6. Justin Spitzer Here’s the most obvious connection between Superstore and The Office. Justin Spitzer, the creator of Superstore, previously wrote for The Office. During his tenure on The Office, Spitzer wrote classic episodes like “Back from Vacation” and “Did I Stutter?” If there’s any mystery as to why Superstore resembles The Office, that’s easily dispelled by Spitzer. The tradition of writers starting on one famous show and then proceeding to create their own has been around for a while. Most famous examples include Matthew Wiener starting on The Sopranos before creating Mad Men, or Vince Gilligan writing for The X Files before creating Breaking Bad. These crossovers can be found in comedy as well, with The Office in particular. Before creating Parks and Recreation with Greg Daniels, Michael Shur wrote for the office (and also played Dwight’s cousin Mose). Spitzer graduated from The Office to create his own personal followup, Superstore. Clearly the lessons Spitzer learned on The Office stayed with him, as he emanates the best aspects of his former show on his current one. 5. Guest Appearances from Underrated Comedians Shows that appreciate under-praised actors should be equally appreciated. Sometimes this means appreciating up and coming comedy writers, improvisational comedians, or standup comics by featuring them on an episode or two. The Office made a habit of this, and Superstore does as well. In its run, The Office hosted comedic voices that hailed from The Daily Show, MADtv, and the Upright Citizens Brigade (or UCB), to name a few. For the landmark episode “Diversity Day,” The Office featured Daily Show alum, and future Nightly Show host, Larry Wilmore. The show also plucked Andy Daly from MADtv to play a Benjamin Franklin impersonator. And in later years, The Office called on UCB heavyweight Chris Gethard, who recently cameoed on Broad City and starred in indie comedy Don’t Think Twice. Superstore assumes the role of comedy melting pot, mixing A+ comedians with its existing cast.  Thus far the show has featured Natasha Leggero, star of Comedy Central’s Another Period, SNL‘s Cecily Strong, and Dave Ferguson, writer and castmember in IFC’s The Birthday Boys. 4. Incompetent Authority Figures This is an aspect of The Office and Superstore that builds off the usage of classic archetypes. Incompetent authority figures act as a foil to the straight men employees under their watch, but also initiate trickle down incompetence that renders their workers somewhat inept. Either way, the results are hilarious. The primary authority figures in charge of Superstore’s cast are Glenn, the joyful Church-going manager, and Dina, the hardcore assistant manager. Each messes up in their own unique ways. On one hand, Glenn is woefully naive, and not only feels surprised when he discovers most of his staff could be smoking pot, but also becomes nervous that they’re capable of doing terrible things under the influence of the mild drug. On the other hand, Dina relishes the opportunity to do a drug crackdown, and wastes no time demanding every employee’s urine sample. Amy, Jonah, and Garrett comfortably watch their bosses’ follies from the sidelines, confident that they’re nowhere near as foolish. This makes it all the funnier when their foolishness comes out to play. 3. A Corporate David/Goliath Dynamic The Scranton branch of Dunder Mifflin often found itself at odds with corporate overlords. The big wigs at Dunder Mifflin were prone to causing their underlings a fair deal of stress, whether it was by way of sudden mergers or lay offs. But the cruelty doled out by Cloud 9 executives makes Dunder Mifflin’s injustices look like a minor hassle. One of Cloud 9’s worst policies is its unwillingness to provide pay for maternal leave (once again showing Superstore’s inclination to bring up real-life issues). This creates no small sum of problems for Cheyanne, a pregnant seventeen-year-old working at Cloud 9 who gives birth at the end of season one. Luckily, Glenn suspends her with pay, circumventing Cloud 9’s maternal leave policy. Unfortunately, Glenn gets fired for doing so. The Cheyanne ordeal prompts a storewide walkout, and shows Superstore‘s willingness to stick it to the man. There will always be a struggle between Cloud 9’s underlings and their detached CEOs, but the conflict is what should make the show interesting for seasons to come. 2. Effective Emotional Beats As stated before in the romance entry of this list, a sitcom is nothing without a beating heart. Superstore delivers sentiment not just in a romantic context, but also in platonic scenarios between friends, mentors, protégés, or even bitter rivals. Superstore isn’t just in it for the jokes, taking aim at sincerity just like The Office did so successfully. Perhaps the sweetest moment in Superstore‘s run comes when Amy, currently having marital troubles, confides in Glenn about the growing rift between her and her husband. Glenn listens to Amy understandingly, and offers up his ear for whenever she might need to talk. Here we see real people talking about real problems, elevating a good sitcom to a great one. Only time will tell if Superstore pack as many moments of genuine feeling as The Office used to. The show has yet to feature a scene as touching as the one where Jim consoles a tearful Dwight, delaying their rivalry for a few brief moments to assuage his heartbreak. But Superstore definitely has the potential. 1. It’s ushering in a new era of great NBC comedies NBC once sported a comedy lineup like no other. Its Thursday night block included The Office, 30 Rock, Community, and Parks and Recreation. The Office was the first of these sitcoms to air, and each show owes a lot of thanks to its success. All four comedies are as highly regarded today as they were then. So will NBC ever be able to reach these heights again? That’s hard to say, but following Superstore, some promising half-hours have come to NBC. First there was The Good Place, an afterlife comedy from Parks and Recreation creator Michael Shur. Then there was Trial & Error, a spoof of true crime series. Both shows, along with Superstore, bode well for NBC’s comedic future. To be fair, Trial & Error hasn’t been renewed yet and its ratings have been sub-par. But The Good Place will return for a second season, and could possibly, along with Superstore‘s success, make a case for Trial & Error‘s continuance. Keep your fingers crossed, because a Thursday night with Superstore, The Good Place, and Trial & Error would be perfection. Watch Superstore Thursdays at 8pm on NBC! BY: Mitch Ward @ModestMitch TAGS: superstore, the office Comments (0) ShareOn Facebook Tweet Share Email Share Share Pin It Share Comment On SCREENRANT.com Trending Latest Topics Comics DC's Watchmen Mystery Claims A New Victim Movie News Blind Al Returning For Deadpool 2 SR Partners SR Pick: itcher App Helps You Discover New Movies To Enjoy SR Originals How Should Rebels End? TV News Marvel's Cloak & Dagger Trailer Movie News Scarlet Witch/Vision Romance Teases in Avengers 3 Star Wars 8 Justice League Get Out Ending Explained Wonder Woman Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Arrival Ending Explained Wolverine 3 The Walking Dead Season 7 Avengers: Infinity War Screen Rant Forum Discussion Follow Us ABOUT ARCHIVE WRITE FOR US CONTACT US TERMS PRIVACY POLICY COPYRIGHT © 2017 Screen Rant. All rights reserved.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Razor Recalls RipStik Motorized Caster Boards Due to Fall Hazard News provided by U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission 20 Apr, 2017, 12:00 ET Share this article WASHINGTON, April 20, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/razor-recalls-ripstik-motorized-caster-boards Recall Summary Name of Product: RipStik electric motorized caster boards Hazard: The rear wheel can stop rotating and lock up while in use, posing a fall hazard. Remedy: Repair Consumers should immediately stop using the recalled caster boards and contact Razor to receive a free repair kit. Consumer Contact: Razor toll-free at 866-467-2967 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or online at www.Razor.com and click on "Recall Information" for more information. Recall Details Units: About 158,000 Description: This recall involves Razor RipStik electric motorized caster boards. The boards have two wheels, a hub motor and a lithium ion battery. They have a wireless digital hand remote that controls the speed up to 10 mph. The manufacturing date is on the bar code label located on the bottom of the product and Razor USA LLC is embossed on the bottom. "RipStik" is printed on the top of the board. They are blue and black in color. Incidents/Injuries: Razor has received more than 700 reports of the rear wheel locking up, resulting in four injuries, including one loose tooth and three scrapes and bruises. Sold at: Target, Toys R Us, Walmart, and other stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Razor.com, Target.com, toysrus.com and Walmart.com and other websites from February 2016 through April 2017 for about $180. Importer: Razor USA LLC, of Cerritos, Calif. Manufactured in: China This recall was conducted, voluntarily by the company, under CPSC's Fast Track Recall process. Fast Track recalls are initiated by firms, who commit to work with CPSC to quickly announce the recall and remedy to protect consumers. About U.S. CPSC: The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission is charged with protecting the public from unreasonable risks of injury or death associated with the use of thousands of types of consumer products under the agency's jurisdiction.  Deaths, injuries, and property damage from consumer product incidents cost the nation more than $1 trillion annually. CPSC is committed to protecting consumers and families from products that pose a fire, electrical, chemical or mechanical hazard. CPSC's work to ensure the safety of consumer products - such as toys, cribs, power tools, cigarette lighters and household chemicals – contributed to a decline in the rate of deaths and injuries associated with consumer products over the past 40 years. Federal law bars any person from selling products subject to a publicly-announced voluntary recall by a manufacturer or a mandatory recall ordered by the Commission. For more lifesaving information, follow us on Facebook, Instagram @USCPSC and Twitter @USCPSC or sign up to receive our e-mail alerts. To report a dangerous product or a product-related injury go online to www.SaferProducts.gov or call CPSC's Hotline at 800-638-2772 or teletypewriter at 301-595-7054 for the hearing impaired. CPSC Consumer Information Hotline Contact us at this toll-free number if you have questions about a recall: 800-638-2772 (TTY 301-595-7054) Times: 8 a.m. – 5:30 p.m. ET; Messages can be left anytime Call to get product safety and other agency information and to report unsafe products. Media Contact Please use the phone numbers below for all media requests. Phone: 301-504-7908 Spanish: 301-504-7800 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/razor-recalls-ripstik-motorized-caster-boards-due-to-fall-hazard-300442787.html SOURCE U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission Related Links http://www.cpsc.gov 20 Apr, 2017, 11:19 ET Preview: Food Dehydrators Recalled by Greenfield World Trade Due to Fire and Burn Hazards My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 18 Apr, 2017, 12:06 ET Food Dehydrators Recalled by Greenfield World Trade Due to Fire... 18 Apr, 2017, 12:06 ET Cost Plus World Market Recalls Windsor-Style Dining Chairs Due to... Explore More news releases in similar topics Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Retail Product Recalls You just read: Razor Recalls RipStik Motorized Caster Boards Due to Fall Hazard News provided by U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission 20 Apr, 2017, 12:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
eb017a820ff008a33f10b6646def33ea001902ec http://bostinno.streetwise.co/assets/21ef0e9b Boston Washington DC Chicago Austin Careers Events Our Events Events Directory Newsletters The Beat Sign In 1.7K SHARE Is Wayfair an M&A Target? Wayfair's shares were up 4 percent on Wednesday after an analyst with Wedbush Securities said the Boston-based home goods ecommerce company TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE NOW READING by Dylan Martin Is Wayfair an M&A Target? Communities Tech Lifestyle Careers Events Our Events Events Directory Newsletters Studio Sign In 1.7K SHARE Is Wayfair an M&A Target? Wayfair's shares were up 4 percent on Wednesday after an analyst with Wedbush Securities said the Boston-based home goods ecommerce company TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE NOW READING by Dylan Martin Is Wayfair an M&A Target? SHARE Is Wayfair an M&A Target? Wayfair's shares were up 4 percent on Wednesday after an analyst with Wedbush Securities said the Boston-based home goods ecommerce company TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE twitter facebook send via email SHARE Is Wayfair an M&A Target? Wayfair's shares were up 4 percent on Wednesday after an analyst with Wedbush Securities said the Boston-based home goods ecommerce company TO FROM MESSAGE SEND CANCEL Your Email is On the Way! SEND ANOTHER EMAIL CLOSE share Is Wayfair an M&A Target? 1.7K Dylan Martin - Staff Writer, Tech 4/20/17 @10:59am in Tech 4/20/17 @10:59am Wayfair's shares were up 4 percent on Wednesday after an analyst with Wedbush Securities said the Boston-based home goods ecommerce company is an attractive acquisition target. Seth Basham of Wedbush made the comments in wake of PetSmart's $3.35 billion of Chewy.com, as well as Wal-Mart's aggressive acquisition spree on the ecommerce front, StreetInsider.com reported. He said large retailers like Wal-Mart and PetSmart are scooping up ecommerce companies because they realize it's hard to compete with them head-on. Basham said Wayfair's potential acquirers include Amazon, Target, Wal-Mart, Bed Bath & Beyond, Home Depot and Lowe's. What separates Wayfair from the ecommerce companies that are getting acquired by PetSmart and Wal-Mart is that the Boston company is public and it brings in substantially more revenue. The company finished the 2016 fiscal year with $3.4 billion in total net revenue, a 50 percent increase from the previous year. Out of Wal-Mart's ecommerce acquisitions and Chewy.com, the only companies that would come close to Wayfair is Chewy.com ($900 million in 2016). Related Is Wayfair an M&A Target? | Turbonomic, Pixability Call Immigration Ban ‘Unlawful' Given that Wayfair's market cap is at $4 billion right now, the company would likely cost a lot more money to acquire than Chewy.com, whose $3.35 billion price tag made it the largest ecommerce deal in history. In other words, an acquisition of Wayfair would likely be another historic deal itself. Wayfair has not made any indications that it would consider getting acquired after going public in 2014. The company did not respond to a request for comment about the Wedbush analyst's statement. While Wayfair has continued to see double-digit revenue growth every quarter, that quarterly growth has begun to slow. The company's total net revenue growth in 2016's fourth quarter was 33.1 percent, compared to 81 percent in Q4 2015. The company's net loss, in the meantime, has continued to grow — something that has tested the patience of some investors. Its net loss in Q4 2016 was $44 million, nearly triple the $15.5 net loss it had in the same quarter from the previous year. As we have pointed out before in the BostInno Beat newsletter, Wayfair's problems are ones that Amazon has experienced from time to time, namely that it burns through lots of cash to expand market share. The question for Wayfair is whether it can find sustainable long-term growth as a standalone company that continues to invest heavily in infrastructure and technology. FILED UNDER: mergers and acquisitions, News, Wayfair Related News Wayfair's Stock Is Up After Reporting a Major Holiday Sales Boost Wayfair Trounced Expectations in Q4 Wayfair Tops Wall Street Estimates in Q1 Why Wayfair Just Acquired This Snapchat-Like App Made in Boston Facebook Comments (0) + Login to Comment Tweets The Beat Newsletter Boston tech news delivered to your inbox. Get It Most Popular 14 Promising New Startups from Harvard Business School 6.2K Dylan Martin Bedly Gets $2.7M to Let Millennials Rent Rooms By the Month 5.1K Lucia Maffei 5 Stealthy Boston Startups We're Watching 4.3K Dylan Martin ClassPass Competitor Partners With 85 Studios in Boston 4.2K Lucia Maffei This Boston Company Is Powering Snapchat's Discover Bar 2.4K Lucia Maffei From Our Partners Join the BostInno Beat Get your Boston tech news, startup gossip, and event notices right in your inbox every day Join Today! http://wp.streetwise.co/wp-content/uploads//2015/08//BostInnoBeatNewsletter1.png center CLOSE SIGN UP FOR THE BOSTINNO BEAT DAILY NEWSLETTER SIGN UP OR mobile About BostInno Sitemap About Streetwise © 2017 Streetwise Media Work Here The Team Advertise Contact Us Terms Of Use Sites BostInno DC Inno Chicago Inno Austin Inno Categories Business Tech Education City News Sports Lifestyle Health & Fitness Series Series Directory Careers & Events Careers Directory Events Directory Sites BostInno DC Inno Chicago Inno Austin Inno Categories Business Tech Education City News Sports Lifestyle Health & Fitness Careers & Events Careers Directory Events Directory Series Series Directory About BostInno Sitemap About Streetwise Work Here The Team Advertise Contact Us Terms Of Use © 2017 Streetwise Media /assets/21ef0e9b
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Lower Prices at Wal-Mart: Good for Shoppers, Bad for Grocers The Wall Street Journal. Heather Haddon and Sarah Nassauer 19 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL AIG said considering Duperreault among options for CEO role BP Gulf oil spill damage valued at $17.2 billion in new study Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s fight to defend its low-cost reputation is helping to extend the longest food-price decline in decades. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 74.80 +0.73 +0.99% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 902.06 +2.86 +0.32% Target Corp TGT ▲ 54.64 +0.75 +1.39% Moody's Corporation MCO ▲ 115.36 +0.98 +0.86% The world’s biggest retailer is investing heavily to lower prices in its U.S. stores, the company’s executives say, as competition heats up against Amazon.com Inc. and European deep discounters Aldi and Lidl. Wal-Mart is spending to beat competitors’ prices and test strategic price drops, mostly on food and household goods sold at Wal-Mart stores in the Southeast and the Midwest, say people familiar with the tactics. Wolfe Research recently found prices for a basket of grocery items at Philadelphia area Wal-Mart stores were 5.8% lower than a year ago, while those in the Atlanta and Southern California markets were 4.9% and 2.7% cheaper, respectively. The price war, coupled with Wal-Mart’s renewed focus on refurbishing stores, is hurting the nation’s biggest grocers. Operating profits for U.S. supermarkets declined about 5% last year, Moody’s Investors Service said. Kroger Co., the biggest U.S. supermarket chain, recently reported its first quarterly decrease in same-store sales in 13 years. Cincinnati-based Kroger’s shares fell 3% in February after Wolfe Research reported that Wal-Mart was cutting prices in the Midwest. The stock later recovered, but remains down 13% this year. Kroger Chief Financial Officer Mike Schlotman recently said pressure from Wal-Mart, which sells more food in the U.S. than any grocer, was mounting. “We certainly have seen them do things better than they historically have,” he said. To keep up, Kroger says it has spent more than $3.7 billion to lower prices over the last decade. Kroger gave voluntary buyouts to roughly 1,300 workers, and is reducing planned capital investments by around a fifth this year. Target Corp., where executives are trying to turn around a struggling grocery business, is also investing $400 million in online sales and lower prices. It is also simplifying its messaging to emphasize consistently low prices instead of complicated short-term deals, a spokeswoman said. “We know we have to be competitively priced every day on those core essentials,” Target Chief Executive Brian Cornell told investors recently. Retailers are offering more discounts as food prices continue to fall. Year-to-year food retail prices declined for the 16th month in March, the longest stretch since 1956. But some believe the trend will reverse this year as commodity prices climb out of a multiyear rout. Moody’s expects prices for food consumed at home to rise 1% in 2017. Wal-Mart, based in Bentonville, Ark., has been fighting its competitors on price since its founding in 1962. But it backed off in recent years at the same time that customers started using mobile phones in stores to compare prices on Amazon and discounters rapidly added stores. Fighting back, Wal-Mart executives in 2015 said they would invest heavily to lower prices over three years. In a presentation to suppliers in February, Megan Crozier, Wal-Mart’s senior vice president of packaged goods, said Wal-Mart wants its prices to be 15% lower than its competitors’ 80% of the time, according to attendees. “It’s why we exist,” she said, according to one of these people. Wal-Mart’s price cuts are eating into its own profit, forcing it to cut costs and putting pressure on its vendors. But the company is stealing market share. While profit fell 18% in the most recent quarter, Wal-Mart’s sales in existing stores, a key metric of retailer health, have risen for 10 consecutive quarters.© Daniel Acker/Bloomberg The fight between big food retailers is good for consumers. Last year, shoppers paid 1.3% less than a year earlier for eggs, meat and other staples, federal data shows, the steepest drop since 1959. Two thirds of consumers surveyed recently by the Food Marketing Association said they chose where to buy groceries based on price. “You have to be a smart shopper,” said Lisa Ortega, a 40-year-old mother of a one-year-old in Chicago who often shops at Costco. “I’m not in a position where I can’t care.” Write to Heather Haddon at heather.haddon@wsj.com and Sarah Nassauer at sarah.nassauer@wsj.com Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More from The Wall Street Journal Arkansas Executes Inmate After Court Rulings Clear Obstacles The Wall Street Journal. WSJ's Daily Shot: Is Mid-America Waiting for Economic Boom That Never Comes? The Wall Street Journal. In Poor Province, an Election Rich With Meaning: Delegate Xi Jinping The Wall Street Journal. The Wall Street Journal. View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Boot up fast with HP Wave (128GB SSD + 1TB HDD) Save $200 on Surface Book Intel i5 | Windows 10 The future is here! Use this phone as a full PC Only $479, perfect for travel! ( i5 & 1TB HDD ) Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
News Home News China Politics Society Defense And Diplomacy Environment World Asia-Pacific Americas Europe Middle East Africa Buz & Tech Finance & Economy Business & Industry Science & Tech Markets Entertainment Celebrity Movie Music TV Others Sports Soccer Basketball Tennis & Golf Others Press release Cultural Bridge Heritage & Art Education Health History People to People Travel Weibo Photo Video Special Coverage Wal-Mart to open 40 new stores in south China's Guangdong 2017-04-20 11:40:47 GMT2017-04-20 19:40:47(Beijing Time) Xinhua English GUANGZHOU, April 20 (Xinhua) -- Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will open more than 40 new stores and a cold-chain logistics distribution center in south China's Guangdong Province in the next five years, according to a strategic cooperation memorandum. The memorandum was signed by the company and the provincial government on Thursday at the 2017 China (Guangdong)- U.S. Investment Cooperation Conference. "In 2016, we achieved the best results in China over the past 5 years. We'll continue to grow in China and accelerate our development here in 2017," said Scott Price, Executive Vice President of Wal-Mart Global and Chief Administrative Officer of Wal-Mart International. "Guangdong Province is where our China Home Office is and it's an important market for us. We are very optimistic about Guangdong's economic prospects and its potential, and we will continue to open stores and create more jobs here," said Price. After entering the Chinese market in 1996, Wal-Mart now operates more than 400 stores across the country. Guangdong Province is home to 92 Wal-Mart stores. Wal-Mart plans to open eight new stores in Guangdong this year. In addition to the new stores, Wal-Mart will improve its logistics system and build a cold-chain logistics distribution center with advanced technology in Guangdong, according to Price. United Nations Chinese Language Day marked in Geneva, Switzerland Farmers busy with planting around Guyu solar term in SW China's Guizhou Russian Pacific Fleet's flagship "Varyag" arrives in Manila for 4-day visit Landslide hits Manizales, Colombia In pics: scenery of Baiyangdian in Xiongan New Area In pics: tea garden in central China's Henan Peach blossoms on terrace fields in Guyuan, NW China's Ningxia Stewardesses for high-speed train take part in training program in Harbin | PRINT | RSS SINA English is the English-language destination for news and information about China. Find general information on life, culture and travel in China through our news and special reports or find business partners through our online Business Directory. For investment opportunities with SINA, please click the link "Investor" below. | About SINA | Investor | Media Kit | Comments or Question? | Copyright © 1996-2017 SINA Corporation, All Rights Reserved
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Turbo Global Partners, Inc. April 20, 2017 08:00 ET Turbo Global Partners Acquires Walmart Supercenter Master Lease for Retail Postal Store Franchises of GP Brands, Inc. CARSON CITY, NV--(Marketwired - Apr 20, 2017) - Turbo Global Partners (TURBO), trading as "DIBZ" (OTC PINK: DIBZ), has announced it has acquired Turbo Retail Management, formerly Goin' Postal Franchise Corporation (GPFC), holder of the Walmart Supercenter Master Lease for retail postal franchises in the Southeast U.S. that are franchises of GP Brands, Inc. GP Brands, Inc. is franchisor of 360 Goin' Postal pack and ship retail franchise stores that are located throughout the United States as well as smaller franchise stores within Walmart Supercenters in the Southeast. "I am pleased to announce that TURBO closed the acquisition of Turbo Retail Management, formerly GPFC who holds the Master Lease for retail postal franchises that operate within Walmart Supercenters in the Southeast," states Bob Singerman, Chairman & CEO of TURBO. Turbo Retail Management, Inc. is the sole Sub-Lessor for GP Brands, Inc. for their retail postal store franchises within Walmart Supercenters. Turbo Retail Management, Inc. will now operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary of TURBO. Marcus Price, President and Founder of GP Brands, praises the transaction, "It's a great fit for all parties. GP Brands can now focus on the training, site prep and systems for franchisees with retail stores in Walmart Supercenters, while TURBO can deliver scalability for expansion and additional marketing, media and technology for this tremendous postal store business model." Robert Singerman continues, "Our core focus as a diversified investment management company is partnering with companies that have long-term predictable cash flow anywhere in the world, and this transaction represents the ideal acquisition for our growing portfolio." About TURBO GLOBAL PARTNERS, Inc. www.TurboGlobalPartners.com TURBO is a diversified investment management company that partners with companies that generate long-term predictable long-term cash flow anywhere in the world. About GP Brands, Inc. www.GPBrands.com GP Brands was formed in 2004 and currently is franchisor of 360 retail pack and ship retail postal stores in the U.S. as well as franchisor of retail postal stores that operate in Walmart Supercenters in the Southeast. Statements made in this press release that express the Company or management's intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations or predictions of future events, are forward-looking statements. The words "believe," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "will" and similar expressions are intended to further identify such forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Those statements are based on many assumptions and are subject to many known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the Company's actual activities, results or performance to differ materially from those anticipated or projected in such forward-looking statements. The Company cannot guarantee future financial results; levels of activity, performance or achievements and investors should not place undue reliance on the Company's forward-looking statements. No information contained in this press release should be construed as any indication whatsoever of the Company's future financial performance, future revenues or its future stock price. The forward-looking statements contained herein represent the judgment of the Company as of the date of this press release, and the Company expressly disclaims any intent, obligation or undertaking to update or revise such forward-looking statements to reflect any change in the Company's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based. Contact Information Robert W Singerman Chairman and CEO Turbo Global Partners, Inc. Formerly DIBZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. Direct / +1(813) 786-5400 Fax / 1(888) 417-0853 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Turbo Global Partners, Inc. From this industry Professional Services Retail From this sub-industry Advertising, PR and Marketing Associations Other Professional Services Consumer Interest E-Commerce Supermarkets See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia (Click here for details) View Image: S M L   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share SOURCE: Turbo Global Partners, Inc. April 20, 2017 08:00 ET Turbo Global Partners Acquires Walmart Supercenter Master Lease for Retail Postal Store Franchises of GP Brands, Inc. CARSON CITY, NV--(Marketwired - Apr 20, 2017) - Turbo Global Partners (TURBO), trading as "DIBZ" (OTC PINK: DIBZ), has announced it has acquired Turbo Retail Management, formerly Goin' Postal Franchise Corporation (GPFC), holder of the Walmart Supercenter Master Lease for retail postal franchises in the Southeast U.S. that are franchises of GP Brands, Inc. GP Brands, Inc. is franchisor of 360 Goin' Postal pack and ship retail franchise stores that are located throughout the United States as well as smaller franchise stores within Walmart Supercenters in the Southeast. "I am pleased to announce that TURBO closed the acquisition of Turbo Retail Management, formerly GPFC who holds the Master Lease for retail postal franchises that operate within Walmart Supercenters in the Southeast," states Bob Singerman, Chairman & CEO of TURBO. Turbo Retail Management, Inc. is the sole Sub-Lessor for GP Brands, Inc. for their retail postal store franchises within Walmart Supercenters. Turbo Retail Management, Inc. will now operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary of TURBO. Marcus Price, President and Founder of GP Brands, praises the transaction, "It's a great fit for all parties. GP Brands can now focus on the training, site prep and systems for franchisees with retail stores in Walmart Supercenters, while TURBO can deliver scalability for expansion and additional marketing, media and technology for this tremendous postal store business model." Robert Singerman continues, "Our core focus as a diversified investment management company is partnering with companies that have long-term predictable cash flow anywhere in the world, and this transaction represents the ideal acquisition for our growing portfolio." About TURBO GLOBAL PARTNERS, Inc. www.TurboGlobalPartners.com TURBO is a diversified investment management company that partners with companies that generate long-term predictable long-term cash flow anywhere in the world. About GP Brands, Inc. www.GPBrands.com GP Brands was formed in 2004 and currently is franchisor of 360 retail pack and ship retail postal stores in the U.S. as well as franchisor of retail postal stores that operate in Walmart Supercenters in the Southeast. Statements made in this press release that express the Company or management's intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations or predictions of future events, are forward-looking statements. The words "believe," "expect," "intend," "estimate," "anticipate," "will" and similar expressions are intended to further identify such forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Those statements are based on many assumptions and are subject to many known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the Company's actual activities, results or performance to differ materially from those anticipated or projected in such forward-looking statements. The Company cannot guarantee future financial results; levels of activity, performance or achievements and investors should not place undue reliance on the Company's forward-looking statements. No information contained in this press release should be construed as any indication whatsoever of the Company's future financial performance, future revenues or its future stock price. The forward-looking statements contained herein represent the judgment of the Company as of the date of this press release, and the Company expressly disclaims any intent, obligation or undertaking to update or revise such forward-looking statements to reflect any change in the Company's expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based. Contact Information Robert W Singerman Chairman and CEO Turbo Global Partners, Inc. Formerly DIBZ INTERNATIONAL, INC. Direct / +1(813) 786-5400 Fax / 1(888) 417-0853 Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Turbo Global Partners, Inc. From this industry Professional Services Retail From this sub-industry Advertising, PR and Marketing Associations Other Professional Services Consumer Interest E-Commerce Supermarkets See all RSS Newsfeeds   Multimedia (Click here for details) View Image: S M L   About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site footer Site site-search Site Map Network Navigation (other sites) Hipages Fox Sports SEEK Carsguide RealEstate News Network News.com.au News.com.au National World Lifestyle Travel Entertainment Technology Finance Sport Video Facebook Twitter Instagram GooglePlus Search Latest In Finance Aussies stash $7.6m an hour CBA hits customers with rate hikes Bad news for online shoppers Woolies wins legal battle over Masters Scary truth about housing super plan Why did Trump invite this guy to dinner? Socialist government seizes factories Ivanka Trump is a ‘goddess’ in China business manufacturing Amazon unveils plans for on-demand clothing factory April 20, 20171:08pm Video Image Google, Amazon, and Other "Unstoppable" Big Tech Names4:10 Manchester Capital's Ted Cronin recommends tech and private equity for his ultrawealthy clients. April 14th 2017 7 days ago /video/video.news.com.au/Business/Markets/ An Amazon fulfilment centre in the UK. Picture: Chris Ratcliffe/Bloomberg Frank Chungnews.com.au@franks_chung Share Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on Reddit Email a friend NOT content with destroying traditional bricks-and-mortar retailers like Wal-Mart, Amazon has set its sights on the rag trade. A patent application for an “on-demand apparel manufacturing” system, approved by the US Patent Office this week, has revealed the e-commerce giant plans to become a major player in the clothing industry. The patent, which Amazon first applied for in 2015, describes a hi-tech system which would quickly produce clothing — and potentially other products such as footwear and accessories — only after an order is placed. The system includes a textile printer, textile cutter and a computing device. “Using the panels cut out from the textile sheets, the computing environment generates instructions for the assembly of the textile products defined in the orders and coordinates an efficient assembly process for the products,” the patent reads. “According to aspects of the embodiments, the computing environment generates and provides assembly instructions to a textile assembly production line. Based on the assembly instructions, the textile assembly production line directs the panels to various sewing stations, for example, for assembly. “Once various textile products are printed, cut, and assembled according to the orders, they can be processed through a quality check, photographed for placement in an electronic commerce system, shipped to customers, and/or stored in a materials handling facility for order fulfilment.” In the 29-page document, the inventors write that the “apparel manufacturing industry relies upon various resources, processes, and equipment to produce finished garments, accessories, footwear, etc.”, with the process to manufacture a garment generally including “garment design, fabric production and/or printing, and panel cutting and sewing”. “Many aspects of apparel manufacturing processes are relatively time-consuming and require the co-ordination of many different geographically dislocated suppliers, vendors, manufacturers, and retailers,” they write. “By aggregating orders from various geographic locations and co-ordinating apparel assembly processes on a large scale, the embodiments provide new ways to increase efficiency in apparel manufacturing.” The patent notes that the system it describes can be “applied to the manufacture of a wide array of products, including clothing or fabric products, accessories (e.g., scarfs, gloves, hats, bags, belts, etc.), footwear, bedding, curtains, towels, etc., in a wide variety of materials, including but not limited to paper, plastic, leather, rubber, and other materials”. Amazon’s on-demand apparel manufacturing. Picture: US Patent OfficeSource:Supplied Orders are aggregated from different locations. Picture: US Patent OfficeSource:Supplied It could manufacture of a “wide array of products”. Picture: US Patent OfficeSource:Supplied It would greatly increase efficiency. Picture: US Patent OfficeSource:Supplied Tech website Recode, which first reported the patent, points out that Amazon already has a massive apparel section bigger than its electronics catalogue, with at least eight of its own clothing brands ranging from kids clothes to women’s dresses and men’s shirts. It also has its own bedding and towel brand called Pinzon. It comes as the e-commerce giant breaks its silence, officially confirming it has begun searching for a location for its first Australian logistics facility — likely to be in Melbourne or Sydney — following months of speculation. “Amazon Web Services launched an Australian region in 2012, we launched a Kindle store on Amazon.com.au in 2013, and we now have almost 1000 employees in the country. The next step is to bring a retail offering to Australia, and we are making those plans now,” an Amazon spokesman said in a statement. “We are excited to bring thousands of new jobs to Australia, millions of dollars in additional investment, and to empower small Australian businesses through Amazon Marketplace. “We are optimistic that by focusing on the things we believe customers value most — low prices, vast selection, and fast delivery — over time we’ll earn the business of Australian customers.” On Thursday, Amazon invited local businesses to sign up to sell their products on its Marketplace platform in Australia. “Since 2000, Amazon has been helping businesses increase sales and reach new customers,” a statement on Amazon.com.au said. “Sales through Amazon Marketplaces now represent 50 per cent of all items sold on Amazon websites globally. There are already thousands of Australian businesses selling their products on existing Amazon Marketplaces. “We are excited to bring the Amazon Marketplace to Australia next. Whether your business is new or you are looking to grow your sales, Amazon can provide you with an e-commerce solution to meet your needs. Become a seller on the Amazon Australia Marketplace and put Amazon’s e-commerce expertise to work for your business.” A report by Macquarie last month estimated that by 2025 Amazon could take one quarter of online retail sales — which would at that point account for 12.5 per cent of total retail sales — equating to revenue of $14.5 billion. But the outlook for Australian retailers is not “imminent disaster”. “On the micro level, incumbents will need to address inadequacies in pricing, customer engagement/loyalty, data analytics, website speed and ease-of-use and fulfilment,” Macquarie analysts Andrew McLennan and Elijah Mayr wrote. “On a macro level, online is forecast to capture around 30 per cent of total retail sales growth which leaves a lower amount of growth available to the existing fleet of physical stores. The near-universal experience from overseas is that the leading category players can prevail, but inevitably with a smaller, more effective property footprint. “However, we believe the impact of Amazon will take a number of years to make material impact and, assuming no mitigation, the earnings implications for listed retailers looks, in some cases, to be more than factored into share prices at current levels.” The investment bank rated Wesfarmers, Metcash, JB Hi-Fi and Myer stocks as outperform. “Based on our analysis, there is risk to discount department stores which impacts Wesfarmers only modestly at group level and Metcash may actually benefit should Amazon require a strategic partner in grocery supply,” the report said. “On our estimates, JB Hi-Fi is more than adequately pricing in the downside risk of an Amazon entry, while Myer is addressing (albeit, slowly) its excessive store footprint, repositioning its cost base and improving its relevance to customers.” Market research firm Roy Morgan said Amazon was timing its expansion in Australia well as more tech-savvy shoppers buy online. More than 8.7 million Aussie consumers bought one or more products via the internet in any given four-week period last year. “With online sales in almost all retail categories tracking steadily upwards, the conditions couldn’t be riper for Amazon’s imminent Australian launch,” Roy Morgan said. The online retail behemoth has annual global sales of more than $133 billion ($US100 billion) and last reported in February a 22 per cent rise in revenue to $58.2 billion ($US43.7 billion) for the fourth quarter. Amazon said it had 100,000 sellers making sales of more than $133,000 ($US100,000) on its US platform in 2016. It has 11 online marketplaces worldwide, including in the UK, across Europe, China and Japan. frank.chung@news.com.au — with AAP Leave a comment Add your comment to this story Show Comments Jump back to top Right now in finance 1680Readers eBay, Amazon, Alibaba and Etsy threaten to block Australian ... 330Readers Commonwealth Bank increases fixed interest rate deals 185Readers Cheap mobile plans, computers and flights: These things are ... 189Readers ‘Taj on Swan’ to sell: Pankaj and Radhika Oswal’s Perth bloc... 92Readers Woolworths wins court case over Masters sale finance breaking news 16:09NZ shares join Asia rally 15:47Dollar unwinds some gains against Aussie 15:18A review of this week's economic data 13:22Argentina eyes Brexit Falklands advantage 14:42Mission to link brains with computers Market Charts AUD/ASIA USA EUROPEAN AUD/USD OIL Switch to Chart Points Change Percent Hang Seng 24105.0 +47.940 0.20% ASX200 5859.9 +38.500 0.66% All Ords 5890.8 +36.400 0.62% Nikkei 18621.0 +190.26 1.03% Switch to Chart Points Change Percent NASDAQ 5916.8 +53.740 0.92% S&P 500 2355.8 +17.670 0.76% S&P 100 575.6 -10.070 -1.72% Switch to Chart Points Change Percent CAC 40 5077.9 +74.190 1.48% DAX 30 12027.0 +10.870 0.09% FTSE 7118.5 +4.1800 0.06% Euro Top100 2906.4 +5.4600 0.19% Switch to Chart Points Change Percent AUD/USD 0.9 +0.0019000 0.20% Switch to Chart Points Change Percent Oil 50.7 -0.14000 -0.28% Stock Quotes A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites.Find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out. News.com.au Newsletter RSS Advertise About Us Legal: Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-Out Cookie Policy Terms & Conditions News Limited Copyright © 2017. All times AEST (GMT +10).
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Publicis Groupe: First Quarter 2017 Revenue PARIS–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Regulatory News: Publicis Groupe (Paris:PUB): April 20, 2017   €2,328 million Reported growth +1.6% Growth at constant currency -0.6% Organic growth -1.2%   Maurice Lévy, Chairman and CEO of Publicis Groupe: “Our first quarter figures send out faint but encouraging signals as to the Groupe’s situation. Although organic growth is slightly negative at -1.2%, this is an improvement on the fourth quarter of 2016. We expect Q2 to remain in negative territory, but to show an improvement compared with the first quarter. To measure performance adequately, organic growth needs to be put into perspective alongside the impact of past difficulties. Contribution of account wins to Q1 revenue illustrates a positive momentum. This momentum is encouraging in many respects: the implementation of The Power of One is generating positive feedback from clients; over 60 GCLs and CCLs (Groupe Client Leaders and Country Client Leaders) have been appointed; Razorfish has been combined with SapientNitro to form SapientRazorfish, a merger that is well under way with new teams appointed and simplification progressing. As a result, notable progress has been made in terms of new business. Instability continues to prevail in the international environment, causing companies to proceed with great caution despite strong balance sheets. Changes in the field of technology, in consumer behavior and in the media landscape have led companies to question their business models and marketing strategies. Our recent successes show that our investment in Sapient, our own business model, which has been influenced by innovation and our understanding of advertisers needs have put us in a strong position to help our clients overcome these difficult obstacles. Moreover, Publicis has been substantially transformed to enable us to provide our clients with even better “end-to-end” service in business transformation. I am all the more confident since we have also announced Publicis Groupe’s upcoming change of governance with Arthur Sadoun appointed CEO & Chairman of a Management Board which will be reinforced by the addition of Steve King to the Management Board currently comprised of with Jean-Michel Etienne and Anne-Gabrielle Heilbronner. I am very happy about the arrangement we have chosen, especially as this was the solution I advocated before the Nominations Committee and the Supervisory Board. As for myself, this results from Madame Badinter’s request, approved by the Supervisory Board. Should the shareholders so decide, I will become Chairman of the Supervisory Board to play an active part in the consolidating of our clients, providing support to our teams when and where I am needed. The second half of 2017 should see the Groupe posting a more usual level of growth and I have every confidence in our ability to achieve our 2018 objectives. The cash we generate enables us to improve the return to shareholders while managing our debt responsibly.” 1 – Q1 2017 REVENUE Publicis Groupe’s consolidated revenue in Q1 2017 was 2,328 million euro, up 1.6% from 2,291 million euro in 2016. Exchange rates had a positive impact of 50 million euro, i.e. the equivalent of 2.2% of Q1 2016 revenue. Net acquisitions contributed 14 million euro to revenue in Q1 2017, i.e. the equivalent of 0.6% of Q1 2016 revenue. Growth at constant exchange rates was -0.6%. Organic growth stood at -1.2% in the first quarter of 2017. It was adversely affected by more than 400 basis points due to past issues. Organic growth in Q1 2017 continued to be affected by the weakness of the FMCG sector. Conversely, it benefited from the continued growth of accounts awarded since Q2 2016, in particular those of Walmart, HPE, USAA and Asda. Breakdown of Q1 2017 revenue by region EUR   Revenue   Organic   Reported Million   Q1 2017   Q1 2016   growth   growth Europe 655   631 +5.5% +3.8% North America 1,291 1,301 -5.0% -0.8% Asia Pacific 243 230 +0.8% +5.7% Latin America 77 71 +4.5% +8.5% Middle East & Africa   62   58   +1.5%   +6.9% Total   2,328   2,291   -1.2%   +1.6%   Europe recorded growth of 3.8%. When the impact of acquisitions and exchange rates is factored out, organic growth stands at +5.5%. It is worth highlighting the good performance in France (+11.9%) and the dynamism of the UK and Italy (respectively +9.1% and +6.3%). Nonetheless, Germany was down 3.6% due to unfavorable basis of comparison. The situation has been recovering in Russia with a 20.4% growth. North America returned a revenue decline of 0.8% while recording organic growth of -5.0% due to the impact of past issues, at a time when new projects had not yet ramped up to their full potential. Asia Pacific reported growth of 5.7% (0.8% on an organic basis). China was up 2.6%. Activity in Singapore went up 7.3%. In India, we are consolidating our activity: after posting an increase of almost 9% in the first quarter of 2016, growth was 0.4% during the first three months of 2017. Latin America grew its revenue by 8.5% partly due to exchange rates as organic growth for the region was 4.5%. Activities in Brazil went down 1.7% and Mexico sustained a strong growth rate (+25.7%). The Middle East & Africa reported growth of 6.9% (1.5% on an organic basis). Breakdown of Q1 2017 revenue by region: Digital & Tech and Analog     Europe   North America   Asia Pacific   Latin America   Middle East & Africa   Total Digital & Tech   +4.8%   -5.3%   +9.4%   +13.0%   +38.8%   -1.3% Analog   +6.2%   -4.5%   -4.3%   +2.9%   -8.9%   -1.1% Total   +5.5%   -5.0%   +0.8%   +4.5%   +1.5%   -1.2%             Digital & Tech’s contribution to total revenue rose 1.4% to 1,273 million euro. Digital & Tech accounts for 55% of the Groupe’s revenue. 2 – NET DEBT At March 31, 2017, net debt amounted to 2,339 million euro, compared with 1,244 million euro at December 31, 2016. The Groupe’s average net debt at March 31, 2017 was 1,677 million euro, down 19.8% in twelve months by comparison with its average net debt of 2,092 million euro at March 31, 2016. 3 – HIGHLIGHTS OF THE FIRST QUARTER 2017 3.1 – Governance Maurice Levy’s succession plan as CEO & Chairman of the Management Board was announced on January 26, 2017. From June 1, 2017, Arthur Sadoun will take on the role of CEO & Chairman of the Management Board. Steve King, CEO of Publicis Media will also join the Management Board, alongside current members Jean-Michel Etienne, Executive Vice-President and CFO, and Anne-Gabrielle Heilbronner, Secretary General. To continue to develop the Groupe, the Management Board will be able to count on the collaboration of top quality leaders, Alan Wexler and Chip Register of Publicis.Sapient, Nick Colucci of Publicis Health, Jarek Ziebinski of Publicis One, as well as Rishad Tobaccowala, Publicis Groupe’s Strategy & Growth Officer, in the field of strategy and the client-centric approach. The Supervisory Board has proposed that, upon completion of his current term of office, Maurice Lévy join its ranks as Chairman. This motion will be put to a vote before the shareholders at their AGM on May 31, 2017. 3.2 – Acquisition In January 2017, Publicis Communications acquired two companies: The Abundancy and Ardent. These agencies will add to Leo Burnett’s growing arsenal of data, creative and technology capabilities. Ardent provides proprietary technology that uses search data to understand behavior and predict consumer intent, and The Abundancy applies these learnings to inform custom content. Together, they count sixty employees who have joined the Leo Burnett team, now under the leadership of Andrew Swinand in the US. 4 – OUTLOOK The implementation of One Company and the transformation from a “holding” to a “connecting” company are taking place according to the announced plan, with excellent feedback from clients regarding the new Power of One offering. Recent successes in client retention (GMC, Mars) as well as client and budget wins (Walmart, HPE, USAA, and HSBC) and re-gains (Kellog’s Special K) are promising signs that Publicis Groupe is ready to resume its growth. As announced, the second quarter of 2017 will remain affected by past issues, and new accounts momentum should allow the return to a more satisfactory organic growth rate in the second half of 2017. Thus the 2018 plan should materialize as expected. The One Company concept (“no silo, no solo”) developed by Publicis Groupe seems to be setting a trend, as well as the end-to-end approach from consulting to creativity through technology. Publicis Groupe’s lead should be favorable in the quarters to come. * * * Disclaimer Certain information contained in this document, other than historical information, may constitute forward-looking statements or unaudited financial forecasts. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are subject to risks and uncertainties that could cause actual results to differ materially from those projected. These forward-looking statements and forecasts are presented as at the date of this document and, other than as required by applicable law, Publicis Groupe does not assume any obligation to update them to reflect new information or events or for any other reason. Publicis Groupe urges you carefully to consider the risk factors that may affect its business, as set out in the Registration Documents filed with the French Autorité des Marchés Financiers (AMF) and which is available on the website of Publicis Groupe (www.publicisgroupe.com), including an unfavorable economic climate, an extremely competitive market sector, the possibility that our clients could seek to terminate their contracts with us at short notice, the fact that a substantial part of the Group’s revenue is derived from certain key clients, conflicts of interest between advertisers active in the same sector, the Group’s dependence on its directors and employees, laws and regulations which apply to the Group’s business, legal action brought against the Group based on allegations that certain of the Group’s commercials are deceptive or misleading or that the products of certain clients are defective, the strategy of growing through acquisitions, the depreciation of goodwill and assets listed on the Group’s balance sheet, the Group’s presence in emerging markets, exposure to liquidity risk, a drop in the Group’s credit rating and exposure to the risks of financial markets. About Publicis Groupe – The Power of One Publicis Groupe [Euronext Paris FR0000130577, CAC 40] is a global leader in marketing, communication, and digital transformation, driven through the alchemy of creativity and technology. Publicis Groupe offers its clients seamless access to its tools and expertise through modular offering. Publicis Groupe is organized across four Solutions hubs: Publicis Communications (Publicis Worldwide, Saatchi & Saatchi, Leo Burnett, BBH, Marcel, Fallon, MSL, Prodigious), Publicis Media (Starcom, Zenith, Mediavest | Spark, Blue 449, Performics), Publicis.Sapient (SapientRazorfish, DigitasLBi, Sapient Consulting) and Publicis Health. These 4 Solution hubs operate across principal markets, and are carried across all others by Publicis One, a fully integrated service offering bringing together the Groupe’s expertise under one roof. Present in over 100 countries, Publicis Groupe employs nearly 80,000 professionals. www.publicisgroupe.com | Twitter: @PublicisGroupe | Facebook: www.facebook.com/publicisgroupe | LinkedIn: Publicis Groupe | http://www.youtube.com/user/PublicisGroupe | Viva la Difference ! Appendices Organic growth calculation (in million euros)   Q1   Impact of currency in Q1 2017 (in million euros) 2016 revenue 2,291 GBP (2)   (21) Currency impact (2) 50 USD (2)   44 2016 revenue at 2017 exchange rates (a)   2,341 Others   27 2017 revenue before impact of acquisitions (1) (b) 2,314 Total   50 Revenue from acquisitions (1) 14 2017 revenue 2,328 Organic growth (b/a)   -1.2%   (1) Acquisitions (MercerBell, Vertiba, Seven Seconds, Insight Redéfini, Venus Communications, Arcade, Digitouch, PT Publicis Metro Indonesia, PT Indonesia Media Exchange, North Notch, Metadesign, Regicom, Ardent, The Abundancy), net of disposals. (2) EUR = USD 1.065 at end March 2017 vs. USD 1.103 at end March 2016 EUR = GBP 0.860 at end March 2017 vs. GBP 0.771 at end March 2016 New Business : Main wins at end March 2017 Publicis Communications Bradesco (Brazil), Petrobras (Brazil), eBay (France), Nokia (South Africa), Uber (Singapore), Singtel (Singapore), Marriott (USA), SNHU (USA), Chromebook (USA), Truecaller (Sweden) Publicis Media Aldi Stores (Australia), Ego (Australia), Southern Cross Travel Insurance (Australia), Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (EMEA / APAC), KFC Corporation (USA), Lowes (USA), Mattel (USA), MolsonCoors (USA & UK), Le Groupe Bel (Global), Merck (Global), Singapore Tourism Board (Global) Publicis.Sapient Mattel (USA), Carnival Corporation (USA), FirstNet / AT&T Gov’t Solutions (USA) Publicis One OCBC (Malaysia), Reckitt Beckenzier (Malaysia), 20th Fox Century (Malaysia), Ikea (Malaysia), BEL (Czech Republic), Societe Generale (Serbia), P&G (Netherlands), FCA (Netherlands), ABINVEB (Colombia) 2017 press releases 09-01-2017 Publicis Communications: Appointment at Leo Burnett USA and two acquisitions in digital 11-01-2017 Publicis Communications: Appointment at Saatchi & Saatchi; Robert Senior leaves the Groupe 18-01-2017 Publicis One: Appointment in Japan 19-01-2017 Publicis One: Appointment in Turkey 26-01-2017 Governance announcement at Publicis Groupe 01-02-2017 Publicis Communications: Appointment for the Nordics region 03-02-2017 Publicis.Sapient: Appointment at DigitasLBi; Luke Taylor leaves the Groupe 07-02-2017 Appointment of Laurent Carozzi as Publicis Groupe’s Chief Performance Officer 09-02-2017 2016 annual results 21-02-2017 Viva Technology: 2nd edition on June 15-17, 2017 13-03-2017 Share Repurchase Agreement 16-03-2017 Publicis.Sapient: launch of SapientRazorfish’s integrated offering 22-03-2017 Partnership between Publicis Groupe and Microsoft Definitions EBITDA: operating margin before depreciation. Operating margin: Revenue after personnel costs, other operating expenses (excl. non-current income and expense) and depreciation (excl. amortization of intangibles arising on acquisitions). Operating margin rate: Operating margin as a percentage of revenue. Headline Group Net Income: Group net income after elimination of impairment charges, amortization of intangibles arising from acquisitions, main capital gains (or losses) on disposals and revaluation of earn-out payments. EPS (Earnings per share): Group net income divided by average number of shares, not diluted. EPS, diluted (Earnings per share, diluted): Group net income divided by average number of shares, diluted. Headline EPS, diluted (Headline Earnings per share, diluted): Group net income after elimination of impairment charges, amortization of intangibles arising from acquisitions, main capital gains (or losses) on disposals and revaluation of earn-out payments, divided by average number of shares, diluted. Capex: Net acquisitions of tangible and intangible assets, excluding financial investments and other financial assets. ROCE (Return On Capital Employed): Operating Margin after Tax (using Effective Tax Rate) / Average employed capital. Capital employed include Saatchi & Saatchi goodwill which is not recognised in consolidated accounts under IFRS. Net Debt (or financial net debt): Sum of long and short financial debt and associated derivatives, net of treasury and cash equivalents. Average net debt: Average of monthly net debt at end of month. Dividend pay-out: Dividend per share / Headline diluted EPS. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious 3 of the Safest Stocks You Can Buy Right Now Next PostNext The Latest Interest Rate Increase Will Boost Bank of America’s Net Interest Income by How Much? Search Recent Posts Global Blood Fat Analyzer Market by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast to 2022 World Sports ATV Equipment Market 2021 Report with Key Vendors, Driver, Challenges & Trends, Vendor Landscape Analysis & Forecast 2017 to 2021 Aggregometer Market: Evolving Technology, Trends and Industry Analysis 2022 Global Airport Display Systems Market 2017-2021 with Vendors Siemens,Rockwell Collins,Ultra-Electronics Dominating the Market Which Grow at 5.44% by 2021- Key Vendors Landscape & Analysis Pressure Monitoring Market 2022: Trends and Growth, Segmentation and Key Companies Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman 3 Signs Target Corporation Needs New Management Target Corporation (NYSE: TGT) seems to have gone from one catastrophe to the next in recent years. A 2013 data breach affected more than 70 million customers and dampened sales over the subsequent quarters. That was followed by the company’s decision to end its ill-fated expansion in Canada in 2015, which resulted in a massive $5.4 billion writedown. More recently, the company’s decision to allow transgender customers to use the restroom of their choice prompted a boycott among some of its customers. Image source: Motley Fool. Sales and profits have also fallen in recent quarters, and the stock has gotten punished. TGT data by YCharts While the broad market trades near all-time highs, Target is down more than a third from its 52-week high, and the stock has been one of the worst performers on the S&P 500 over the last year. CEO Brian Cornell took the helm of the big-box chain in August 2014, so he was not responsible for the credit card breach in 2013 or the Canadian expansion, though he did make the decision to pull out of Canada. Still, the stock has fallen about 10% during his tenure, and the company’s recent performance has left much to be desired. Beyond the backlash over the company’s bathroom policy and the stock’s slide, there are other signs that Target may be due for a management change. Here are a few. 1. Executives heading for the exits In recent months, Target has lost its Chief Marketing Officer, Chief Digital Officer, and the head of its grocery division. Over the last two years, the company has also seen the Chief Legal Officer, Chief Merchant, Chief Human Resources Officer, and Chief Stores Officer positions change hands. Only one of the company’s ten-member executive team remains from when Cornell became CEO. While rotation among executives can simply signal a company shifting strategy, it’s often representative of greater problems, such as disagreements over strategic direction, poor performance, an unpleasant work environment, or even poor compensation. Many of the recent defections correspond with problem areas for Target. Online sales have lagged behind those of peers and growth has slowed, which likely explains the departure of Chief Digital Officer Jason Goldberger, and the company’s grocery strategy has long been muddled as well, leading to excess spoilage. Not surprisingly, grocery chief Anne Dament, who was one of Cornell’s first big hires, left the company last November after just 18 months in the position. 2. Declining comparable sales Comparable sales, which strip out the  effects of new stores, are one of the best measurements of a retailer’s performance. However, comparable sales at Target have fallen for three straight quarters after seven consecutive quarters of growth. In the key fourth quarter, store-based comparable sales dropped 3.3%, though overall comparable sales were only down 1.5% due to a 34% increase in digital sales. Management’s guidance for the current year was also underwhelming. It sees low-single digit decline in comparable sales for 2017 and low-to-mid single digit decline in comparable sales for the first quarter. While the retail sector has struggled with the loss of customer traffic as e-commerce becomes more popular, Target’s rivals like Wal-Mart (NYSE: WMT) and Costco Wholesale (NASDAQ: COST) have managed to deliver consistent comparable sales growth. Wal-Mart has overcome challenges to deliver nine straight quarters of comp sales growth, and the popularity of Costco’s membership model has proven to be enduring. 3. A questionable turnaround strategy Cornell came on to replace former CEO Gregg Steinhafel, whose tenure ended after the data breach disaster. At first, the stock responded favorably to Cornell’s strategy, but the recent decline in sales and profits has pushed the stock into the red. Cornell responded to the challenge by introducing a new strategy and financial model at the most recent earnings call. The strategy includes lowering prices to make the store more competitive with Wal-Mart and other peers, a move that will cut into profits. Cornell has said the company needs to do more to fulfill the second half of its slogan, „Expect More. Pay Less.” At the same time, however, the company plans to refurbish 600 stores and open 100 smaller stores by 2019. In many ways, the strategy mimics Wal-Mart’s decision in 2015 to invest in lower prices, higher wages, and cleaner stores, which cost it on the bottom line but has boosted sales. Target doesn’t have the same economies of scale or other advantages that Wal-Mart has, though. At the Shoptalk retail industry conference a few weeks ago, Cornell’s presentation stood out for being focused on brick-and-mortar retail rather than new technologies. The company’s plans to open new stores runs counter to the trend in much of the retail industry, which is either closing stores or scaling back on new locations. Cornell’s future with Target may be riding on the outcome of his turnaround strategy. With less than three years at the helm, the board is likely willing to give him some more time to return the company to growth, but if cutting prices and sprucing up stores fails to bring customers in the door, it could be time for the board to show him the door as well. 10 stocks we like better than Target When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, Motley Fool Stock Advisor , has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the 10 best stocks for investors to buy right now… and Target wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017 Jeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Publicis Groupe : Revenu du premier trimestre 2017 Next PostNext Global Bunker Oil industry Outlook 2022: key players, Analysis by Applications and growth Prediction Search Recent Posts Laser Beam Profilers Market Analysis and Growth Forecast by Applications, Sales, Size, Types and Competitors by 2017-2022 Introducer Sheath Market Key Players, Industry Overview, Supply and Consumption Demand Analysis to 2022 Encephalitis Vaccine Market Size, Sales, Share, Growth Analysis, Trends and Forecast by 2022 Hydrogen Sulphide Removal Market Growth Opportunities by Regions, Type & Application; Trend Forecast to 2021 Fundus Camera Market Key Player, Regions, Manufacturers Analysis, Application and Specification, Cost Analysis, Price and Gross Margin by 2017-2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics Obituaries North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Opinion Sports Sports OC Varsity Angels Dodgers Rams Chargers Ducks Kings Lakers Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books The Cannifornian Newsletter Signup E-edition Subscribe News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics Obituaries North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Opinion Sports Sports OC Varsity Angels Dodgers Rams Chargers Ducks Kings Lakers Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books The Cannifornian How tax breaks aim to keep companies growing in… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Guide to our site redesign Food stamps lawsuit Coachella 2017 75 Best Places to Eat in OC NewsBusiness How tax breaks aim to keep companies growing in California Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Margot Roosevelt | mroosevelt@scng.com | Orange County Register PUBLISHED: April 19, 2017 at 4:02 pm | UPDATED: April 20, 2017 at 7:57 am Chris St. Hilaire, found and CEO of MFour Mobile Research in Irvine on Wednesday, April 19, 2017. MFour is one of four Orange County companies awarded tax breaks by Gov. Jerry Brown’s California Competes program which encourages companies to expand in California. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG) Lars Brubaker, CEO of Matterhackers Inc., works on a Pulse 3D Printer, one of 45 types of 3-D printers the company customizes and distributes from its Lake Forest showroom. California’s Go-Biz program awarded Matterhackers a five-year tax break of $380,000 in April 2017. The company plans to grow its workforce from 20 to 97, and invest $1.2 million to expand its facility. Chris St. Hilaire, founder and CEO of MFour Mobile Research in Irvine on Wednesday, April 19, 2017. MFour is one of four Orange County companies awarded tax breaks by Gov. Jerry Brown’s California Competes program which encourages companies to expand in California. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG) Lars Brubaker, CEO of MatterHackers Inc., shows off a BCN Sigma 3D printer in the company’s Lake Forest showroom. California’s Go-Biz program awarded the company a $380,000 five-year tax break for its plans to expand its workforce from 20 to 97 and invest $1.2 million in its facility. MFour Mobile Research employees at the company’s headquarters in Irvine on Wednesday, April 19, 2017. MFour is one of four Orange County companies awarded tax breaks by Gov. Jerry Brown’s California Competes program which encourages companies to expand in California. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG) A conference room meeting at MFour Mobile Research in Irvine on Wednesday, April 19, 2017. MFour is one of four Orange County companies awarded tax breaks by Gov. Jerry Brown’s California Competes program which encourages companies to expand in California. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG) Chris St. Hilaire, center, founder and CEO of MFour Mobile Research talks with project manager Rebecca Young, as program manager Julian Cruz, right, works at his desk in Irvine on Wednesday, April 19, 2017. MFour is one of four Orange County companies awarded tax breaks by Gov. Jerry Brown’s California Competes program which encourages companies to expand in California. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG) Chris St. Hilaire, founder and CEO of MFour Mobile Research in Irvine on Wednesday, April 19, 2017. MFour is one of four Orange County companies awarded tax breaks by Gov. Jerry Brown’s California Competes program which encourages companies to expand in California. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG) Show Caption of Expand You’re going to Disney World. So why not offset the cost by getting paid to answer a few questions on your mobile phone? You’re shopping at Wal-Mart. The store wants to know whether you’re happy. Your phone pings as you walk out and, easy-peasy, you pick up a few extra dollars. You’re at the movie theater. How did you like those trailers for upcoming attractions?  Share your opinions on your phone, and cash in. An Irvine-based firm that pays consumers for their opinions, MFour Mobile Research,  is one of 114 California companies just granted a total of $91.4 million in income tax credits over five years for expanding within the state. In the latest round of awards from Gov. Jerry Brown’s Go-Biz program, announced last week, the biggest sums are going to large corporations. General Motors got $8 million for its self-driving car business in San Francisco. Electric bus manufacturer Proterra Inc. gained $7.5 million for investments in Burlingame and in the City of Industry. But many of the companies that profit from the program, which awarded $240 million in credits this fiscal year, are small, innovative and fast-growing businesses such as MFour. MFour has a million active users of its “Surveys on the Go” app, the largest mobile research panel in the United States. It pays out $10,000 a day for opinions on everything from news to sports to supermarket snacks to tech gadgets. The company, which in four years has grown from 10 to 91 employees, will get a tax credit of $680,000 over five years. “We’re thrilled,” said CEO Chris St. Hilaire.  “Any time you can deploy funds to grow the business instead of paying taxes, in the long run you are more of a benefit to the community and to employees.” Under MFour’s agreement with Go-Biz’s “California Competes” program, the company must grow to at least 125 employees by 2021, with an average annual salary of $62,000. It also will be required to invest $1.05 million in computer equipment, furniture and tenant improvements in Irvine. If companies don’t fulfill their commitments, the tax credits are rescinded and, in some cases, back taxes must be repaid. California Competes, enacted in 2013, is up against a raft of incentive programs in states such as Texas, Nevada and Tennessee that have lured many local and national businesses. In 2014, Toyota got $40 million worth of incentives to relocate its U.S. headquarters from Torrance to Plano, Texas. That same year, Nevada assembled a tax package worth $1.25 billion over 20 years to capture Tesla’s giant battery factory. Since 2014, GO-Biz has allocated $492.5 million to 688 companies projected to create 70,747 new jobs and make $14.4 billion in new investments. “We thought about expanding in other states,” said MFour’s St. Hilaire. “We looked at Arizona and Tennessee. But if California makes it easier to expand here, we will.” Nonetheless, he added, “We don’t preclude creating satellite offices elsewhere in the future. Other states have development talent. It depends how quickly we can find the skill sets we need.” Another small tech company, Matterhackers, which customizes, assembles and distributes 3-D printers, was awarded a five-year tax break of $380,000. It plans to invest $1.2 million to expand its Lake Forest facility and grow its workforce from 20 to 97 employees at an average salary of $45,000. The tax break is “a good incentive to help our company grow faster,” said Chief Executive Lars Brubaker. His customers include not just businesses, but individuals making their own surfboard fins, drone components, Comic-Con costumes and even prosthetic limbs for the disabled. State incentives to attract businesses have been criticized as corporate welfare, as some question whether the costs outweigh the benefits, and whether the investments might have occurred without tax breaks. Nonetheless, few states believe they can afford to avoid the competitive game. Of the 114 companies gaining California awards last week, 10 have operations in Orange County. Besides MFour and Matterhackers, they include Irvine-based Montrose Environmental Group, a fast-growing pollution testing firm, with 46 offices nationwide. Montrose got a $750,000 tax break for plans to expand its California workforce from 318 to 381, and invest $6.2 million in Irvine, Berkeley and San Diego. Eight companies with Inland Empire locations got credits, including Safeway Inc., which gained $1.25 million for its plan to hire 51 workers and invest $23 million to expand food manufacturing in Merced and Riverside. United Material Handling, a warehouse company, got $1 million for plans to invest $9.6 million in Perris. Twenty-three companies with Los Angeles County operations got tax breaks. In the case of Proterra, the electric-bus manufacturer, the credit was approved despite concerns raised by the United Steelworkers over whether the company has failed to create promised jobs in South Carolina in exchange for tax incentives there. Ken Leacock, Proterra’s director of government relations, did not dispute that job growth in South Carolina has fallen short and said the company is in talks with state officials to remain in compliance. The electric bus market was slow to take off but Proterra now has a backlog of orders and is expanding rapidly, he added. Other large awards for companies with Los Angeles County operations included $4.3 million for Santa Monica-based Hulu LLC, an online video service, and $2.5 million for Honey Science Corp., a software company that applies coupons to shoppers’ orders. Who got tax breaks? California’s Go-Biz office awarded tax breaks to 114 companies that plan to add some 8,230 jobs and invest $828 million statewide over five years. The Southern California awards include: — Proterra Inc., electric buses, City of Industry, $7.5 million — Hulu LLC, video services, Santa Monica, $4.2 million — Honey Science Corp., shopping software, Los Angeles, $2.5 million — Service Titan Inc., software development, Glendale, $2.5 million — Safeway Inc., food manufacturing, Merced, Riverside, $1.2 million — United Material Handling, warehouses, Perris, $1 million — Montrose Environmental Group,  emission testing, Irvine, $750,000 — MFour Mobile Research, market research, Irvine, $680,000 The Associated Press contributed to this story. Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Newport Beach lifeguards work to pull massive dead whale away from shore Anaheim motorhome fire leaves 1 man in critical condition, dog dies $40 million medical-insurance fraud went down in Orange County, elsewhere, law and state officials say Santa Ana police chief resigns amid controversy over rise in shootings, says he has new job 1 dies in Mission Viejo double stabbing, suspects at large President of Buena Park School District’s board arrested on suspicion of distributing child porn Tags:  Irvine lake forest News OCR Newsletter taxes Top Stories OCR Margot Roosevelt Margot Roosevelt covers economic news. She has been a staff reporter at the Register since 2012. Before that, she was on staff at the Los Angeles Times, covering environmental news. Earlier jobs: Congressional reporter for the Washington Post; foreign and national correspondent for Time Magazine. Follow Margot Roosevelt @MargotRoosevelt View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business U.S. agency, states hit big mortgage processor Ocwen over errors, allegedly illegal foreclosures Brea firm, others settle discrimination claim Teen retailer Five Below to open 12 stores in Southern California, 2 in Orange County 30-year mortgage rates below 4% for first time in 5 months Live Traffic Map Weather Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Work with Us Company Store Advertising Sections Cars Classified Jobs Real Estate Knowledge Cafe Top Workplaces Deals How to Advertise with us Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kits Advertising Contact Information How to find us on other platforms Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Weekly E-editions Site Map Subscriber services Customer Service Subscribe Reader Rewards Partners Coast Magazine OC Family Southland Golf The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics Obituaries North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Opinion Sports Sports OC Varsity Angels Dodgers Rams Chargers Ducks Kings Lakers Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books The Cannifornian Newsletter Signup E-edition Subscribe News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics Obituaries North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Opinion Sports Sports OC Varsity Angels Dodgers Rams Chargers Ducks Kings Lakers Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books The Cannifornian How tax breaks aim to keep companies growing in… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Guide to our site redesign Food stamps lawsuit Coachella 2017 75 Best Places to Eat in OC NewsBusiness How tax breaks aim to keep companies growing in California Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Margot Roosevelt | mroosevelt@scng.com | Orange County Register PUBLISHED: April 19, 2017 at 4:02 pm | UPDATED: April 20, 2017 at 7:57 am Chris St. Hilaire, found and CEO of MFour Mobile Research in Irvine on Wednesday, April 19, 2017. MFour is one of four Orange County companies awarded tax breaks by Gov. Jerry Brown’s California Competes program which encourages companies to expand in California. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG) Lars Brubaker, CEO of Matterhackers Inc., works on a Pulse 3D Printer, one of 45 types of 3-D printers the company customizes and distributes from its Lake Forest showroom. California’s Go-Biz program awarded Matterhackers a five-year tax break of $380,000 in April 2017. The company plans to grow its workforce from 20 to 97, and invest $1.2 million to expand its facility. Chris St. Hilaire, founder and CEO of MFour Mobile Research in Irvine on Wednesday, April 19, 2017. MFour is one of four Orange County companies awarded tax breaks by Gov. Jerry Brown’s California Competes program which encourages companies to expand in California. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG) Lars Brubaker, CEO of MatterHackers Inc., shows off a BCN Sigma 3D printer in the company’s Lake Forest showroom. California’s Go-Biz program awarded the company a $380,000 five-year tax break for its plans to expand its workforce from 20 to 97 and invest $1.2 million in its facility. MFour Mobile Research employees at the company’s headquarters in Irvine on Wednesday, April 19, 2017. MFour is one of four Orange County companies awarded tax breaks by Gov. Jerry Brown’s California Competes program which encourages companies to expand in California. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG) A conference room meeting at MFour Mobile Research in Irvine on Wednesday, April 19, 2017. MFour is one of four Orange County companies awarded tax breaks by Gov. Jerry Brown’s California Competes program which encourages companies to expand in California. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG) Chris St. Hilaire, center, founder and CEO of MFour Mobile Research talks with project manager Rebecca Young, as program manager Julian Cruz, right, works at his desk in Irvine on Wednesday, April 19, 2017. MFour is one of four Orange County companies awarded tax breaks by Gov. Jerry Brown’s California Competes program which encourages companies to expand in California. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG) Chris St. Hilaire, founder and CEO of MFour Mobile Research in Irvine on Wednesday, April 19, 2017. MFour is one of four Orange County companies awarded tax breaks by Gov. Jerry Brown’s California Competes program which encourages companies to expand in California. (Photo by Paul Rodriguez, Orange County Register/SCNG) Show Caption of Expand You’re going to Disney World. So why not offset the cost by getting paid to answer a few questions on your mobile phone? You’re shopping at Wal-Mart. The store wants to know whether you’re happy. Your phone pings as you walk out and, easy-peasy, you pick up a few extra dollars. You’re at the movie theater. How did you like those trailers for upcoming attractions?  Share your opinions on your phone, and cash in. An Irvine-based firm that pays consumers for their opinions, MFour Mobile Research,  is one of 114 California companies just granted a total of $91.4 million in income tax credits over five years for expanding within the state. In the latest round of awards from Gov. Jerry Brown’s Go-Biz program, announced last week, the biggest sums are going to large corporations. General Motors got $8 million for its self-driving car business in San Francisco. Electric bus manufacturer Proterra Inc. gained $7.5 million for investments in Burlingame and in the City of Industry. But many of the companies that profit from the program, which awarded $240 million in credits this fiscal year, are small, innovative and fast-growing businesses such as MFour. MFour has a million active users of its “Surveys on the Go” app, the largest mobile research panel in the United States. It pays out $10,000 a day for opinions on everything from news to sports to supermarket snacks to tech gadgets. The company, which in four years has grown from 10 to 91 employees, will get a tax credit of $680,000 over five years. “We’re thrilled,” said CEO Chris St. Hilaire.  “Any time you can deploy funds to grow the business instead of paying taxes, in the long run you are more of a benefit to the community and to employees.” Under MFour’s agreement with Go-Biz’s “California Competes” program, the company must grow to at least 125 employees by 2021, with an average annual salary of $62,000. It also will be required to invest $1.05 million in computer equipment, furniture and tenant improvements in Irvine. If companies don’t fulfill their commitments, the tax credits are rescinded and, in some cases, back taxes must be repaid. California Competes, enacted in 2013, is up against a raft of incentive programs in states such as Texas, Nevada and Tennessee that have lured many local and national businesses. In 2014, Toyota got $40 million worth of incentives to relocate its U.S. headquarters from Torrance to Plano, Texas. That same year, Nevada assembled a tax package worth $1.25 billion over 20 years to capture Tesla’s giant battery factory. Since 2014, GO-Biz has allocated $492.5 million to 688 companies projected to create 70,747 new jobs and make $14.4 billion in new investments. “We thought about expanding in other states,” said MFour’s St. Hilaire. “We looked at Arizona and Tennessee. But if California makes it easier to expand here, we will.” Nonetheless, he added, “We don’t preclude creating satellite offices elsewhere in the future. Other states have development talent. It depends how quickly we can find the skill sets we need.” Another small tech company, Matterhackers, which customizes, assembles and distributes 3-D printers, was awarded a five-year tax break of $380,000. It plans to invest $1.2 million to expand its Lake Forest facility and grow its workforce from 20 to 97 employees at an average salary of $45,000. The tax break is “a good incentive to help our company grow faster,” said Chief Executive Lars Brubaker. His customers include not just businesses, but individuals making their own surfboard fins, drone components, Comic-Con costumes and even prosthetic limbs for the disabled. State incentives to attract businesses have been criticized as corporate welfare, as some question whether the costs outweigh the benefits, and whether the investments might have occurred without tax breaks. Nonetheless, few states believe they can afford to avoid the competitive game. Of the 114 companies gaining California awards last week, 10 have operations in Orange County. Besides MFour and Matterhackers, they include Irvine-based Montrose Environmental Group, a fast-growing pollution testing firm, with 46 offices nationwide. Montrose got a $750,000 tax break for plans to expand its California workforce from 318 to 381, and invest $6.2 million in Irvine, Berkeley and San Diego. Eight companies with Inland Empire locations got credits, including Safeway Inc., which gained $1.25 million for its plan to hire 51 workers and invest $23 million to expand food manufacturing in Merced and Riverside. United Material Handling, a warehouse company, got $1 million for plans to invest $9.6 million in Perris. Twenty-three companies with Los Angeles County operations got tax breaks. In the case of Proterra, the electric-bus manufacturer, the credit was approved despite concerns raised by the United Steelworkers over whether the company has failed to create promised jobs in South Carolina in exchange for tax incentives there. Ken Leacock, Proterra’s director of government relations, did not dispute that job growth in South Carolina has fallen short and said the company is in talks with state officials to remain in compliance. The electric bus market was slow to take off but Proterra now has a backlog of orders and is expanding rapidly, he added. Other large awards for companies with Los Angeles County operations included $4.3 million for Santa Monica-based Hulu LLC, an online video service, and $2.5 million for Honey Science Corp., a software company that applies coupons to shoppers’ orders. Who got tax breaks? California’s Go-Biz office awarded tax breaks to 114 companies that plan to add some 8,230 jobs and invest $828 million statewide over five years. The Southern California awards include: — Proterra Inc., electric buses, City of Industry, $7.5 million — Hulu LLC, video services, Santa Monica, $4.2 million — Honey Science Corp., shopping software, Los Angeles, $2.5 million — Service Titan Inc., software development, Glendale, $2.5 million — Safeway Inc., food manufacturing, Merced, Riverside, $1.2 million — United Material Handling, warehouses, Perris, $1 million — Montrose Environmental Group,  emission testing, Irvine, $750,000 — MFour Mobile Research, market research, Irvine, $680,000 The Associated Press contributed to this story. Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Newport Beach lifeguards work to pull massive dead whale away from shore Anaheim motorhome fire leaves 1 man in critical condition, dog dies $40 million medical-insurance fraud went down in Orange County, elsewhere, law and state officials say Santa Ana police chief resigns amid controversy over rise in shootings, says he has new job 1 dies in Mission Viejo double stabbing, suspects at large President of Buena Park School District’s board arrested on suspicion of distributing child porn Tags:  Irvine lake forest News OCR Newsletter taxes Top Stories OCR Margot Roosevelt Margot Roosevelt covers economic news. She has been a staff reporter at the Register since 2012. Before that, she was on staff at the Los Angeles Times, covering environmental news. Earlier jobs: Congressional reporter for the Washington Post; foreign and national correspondent for Time Magazine. Follow Margot Roosevelt @MargotRoosevelt View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in Business U.S. agency, states hit big mortgage processor Ocwen over errors, allegedly illegal foreclosures Brea firm, others settle discrimination claim Teen retailer Five Below to open 12 stores in Southern California, 2 in Orange County 30-year mortgage rates below 4% for first time in 5 months Live Traffic Map Weather Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Work with Us Company Store Advertising Sections Cars Classified Jobs Real Estate Knowledge Cafe Top Workplaces Deals How to Advertise with us Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kits Advertising Contact Information How to find us on other platforms Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Weekly E-editions Site Map Subscriber services Customer Service Subscribe Reader Rewards Partners Coast Magazine OC Family Southland Golf The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market by End Users/ Application and Industry Research Report to 2022 Extensive analysis of the Global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market is conducted by following key product positioning and monitoring the top competitors within the market framework. The report will assist reader with better understanding and decision making. This report studies the global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) market, analyzes and researches the Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) development status and forecast in United States, EU, Japan, China, India and Southeast Asia. This report focuses on the top players in global market, like Exxon Mobil Wal-Mart Stores General Motors Ford Motor DaimlerChrysler Royal Dutch/Shell Group BP General Electric Mitsubishi Toyota Motor Browse the full report @ www.orbisresearch.com/reports/index/global-capital-expend… . Market segment by Regions/Countries, this report covers United States EU Japan China India Southeast Asia Check the DISCOUNT on this report @ www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/discount/262454 . Market segment by Type, Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) can be split into Equipment Expenditure Property Expenditure Industrial Buildings Expenditure Market segment by Application, Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) can be split into Large Enterprise Small And Medium Enterprises Other If you have any special requirements, please let us know and we will offer you the report as you want. Purchase a copy of this report @ www.orbisresearch.com/contact/purchase/262454 . For more information contact sales@orbisresearch.com Some Points from Table of Contents: Chapter One: Industry Overview of Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) 1.1 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Overview 1.1.1 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Product Scope 1.1.2 Market Status and Outlook 1.2 Global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Size and Analysis by Regions 1.2.1 United States 1.2.2 EU 1.2.3 Japan 1.2.4 China 1.2.5 India 1.2.6 Southeast Asia 1.3 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market by Type 1.3.1 Equipment Expenditure 1.3.2 Property Expenditure 1.3.3 Industrial Buildings Expenditure 1.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market by End Users/Application 1.4.1 Large Enterprise 1.4.2 Small And Medium Enterprises 1.4.3 Other Chapter Two: Global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Competition Analysis by Players 2.1 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Size (Value) by Players (2016 and 2017) 2.2 Competitive Status and Trend 2.2.1 Market Concentration Rate 2.2.2 Product/Service Differences 2.2.3 New Entrants 2.2.4 The Technology Trends in Future Chapter Three: Company (Top Players) Profiles 3.1 Exxon Mobil 3.1.1 Company Profile 3.1.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.1.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.1.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.1.5 Recent Developments 3.2 Wal-Mart Stores 3.2.1 Company Profile 3.2.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.2.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.2.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.2.5 Recent Developments 3.3 General Motors 3.3.1 Company Profile 3.3.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.3.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.3.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.3.5 Recent Developments 3.4 Ford Motor 3.4.1 Company Profile 3.4.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.4.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.4.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.4.5 Recent Developments 3.5 DaimlerChrysler 3.5.1 Company Profile 3.5.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.5.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.5.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.5.5 Recent Developments 3.6 Royal Dutch/Shell Group 3.6.1 Company Profile 3.6.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.6.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.6.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.6.5 Recent Developments 3.7 BP 3.7.1 Company Profile 3.7.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.7.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.7.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.7.5 Recent Developments 3.8 General Electric 3.8.1 Company Profile 3.8.2 Main Business/Business Overview 3.8.3 Products, Services and Solutions 3.8.4 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Revenue (Value) (2012-2017) 3.8.5 Recent Developments ….Continued Request a sample of this report @ www.orbisresearch.com/contacts/request-sample/262454 . For any enquires before buying, connect with us @ enquiry@orbisresearch.com About Us: Orbis Research (orbisresearch.com) is a single point aid for all your market research requirements. We have vast database of reports from the leading publishers and authors across the globe. We specialize in delivering customized reports as per the requirements of our clients. We have complete information about our publishers and hence are sure about the accuracy of the industries and verticals of their specialization. This helps our clients to map their needs and we produce the perfect required market research study for our clients. Contact Us: Hector Costello Senior Manager – Client Engagements 4144N Central Expressway, Suite 600, Dallas, Texas – 75204, U.S.A. Phone No.: +1 (214) 884-6817; +912064101019 Follow Us on LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/company/orbis-research Follow us on Twitter: twitter.com/orbisresearch Like us on Facebook: www.facebook.com/OrbisResearch This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsIT, New Media & Software Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dental Implant Analog Market – United States Industry Size, Share, Analysis, Trend & Forecast 2017-2021 Next PostNext Global Telecom Analytics Market 2017 – Industry Size, Share, Dynamics, Status, Outlook and Opportunies: 2022 Search Recent Posts Altair Wins 2016 Boeing Performance Excellence Award Global Needle-Free Diabetes Care Market Research Report- Forecast To 2027 Mobile Cloud Market Research Report- Global Forecast to 2022 Global Battery Material Market Research Report – Forecast to 2021 Media Advisory: Support for Victims of Domestic Violence Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content National Real Estate Investor Search: Connect With Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Tablet App RSS Contact Us Advertise Subscribe Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Finance & Investment CMBS Distressed Investment Lending Net Lease REITs Viewpoints Multifamily Retail Office Industrial Alternative Properties Hotel Medical Office Self Storage Seniors Housing Single-Family Housing Student Housing Real Estate Services Brokerage Development Leasing Property Management Rankings Technology Viewpoints Webinars Whitepapers NREI Wire Advertisement Home > Retail > Why Would Amazon Want to Buy BJ’s Wholesale Club? Why Would Amazon Want to Buy BJ’s Wholesale Club? Apr 19, 2017 Donna Mitchell EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 On the surface, Amazon does not have anything meaningful in common with BJ’s Wholesale Club—or any other wholesale club operator—to support an acquisition. Photo by Jeff Fusco/Getty Images Advertisement BJ’s Wholesale Club is in the spotlight, with a news report claiming that the Westborough, Mass.-based company might be up for sale, and that Amazon may be a bidder. The question for retail industry insiders is: What would attract an industry disrupter like Seattle-based Amazon to a company that is ranked third among wholesale clubs, operates brick-and-mortar stores concentrated in the Northeast and has not been able to fully leverage the advantages of the wholesale club sector? “I would be really surprised should that transaction occur,” says Jan Kniffen, CEO of J. Rogers Kniffen Worldwide Enterprises, an equity research and financial and management consulting  firm specializing in retail. He adds that BJ’s Wholesale Club did not go public because of concerns that it would not have been able to achieve a strong multiple as a public company. On the surface, Amazon does not have anything meaningful in common with BJ’s Wholesale Club—or any other wholesale club operator—to support an acquisition. BJ’s Wholesale operates out of massive warehouse spaces easily spanning 100,000 sq. ft. It is not a traditional retailer, but it still depends on brick-and-mortar spaces to connect with customers, unlike Amazon. Despite initial surprise about the report, however, Amazon has more in common with its brick-and-mortar competitors these days, and has adapted several operational tactics that draw similarities to that of Issaquah, Wash.-based Costco, and Sam’s Club of Walmart, headquartered in Bentonville, Ark. Much of Amazon’s business is now driven by its membership service Amazon Prime, which offers free two-day shipping on 50 million items. It has that aspect of its operations in common with wholesale clubs like Costco and Sam’s Club. For its part, Sam’s Club has struck back by offering free two-day shipping “on millions of items.” Costco is widely regarded as one of the most efficient operators in the retail sector, with Walmart being the only exception. Amazon continues to aim for greater efficiencies, especially in the area of delivery. It recently expanded Prime Now to 18 additional cities, enabling some members to get deliveries within two hours of placing their orders. Industry experts seem skeptical that BJ’s would attract acquisition attention from such highly efficient operators, especially Amazon. In its fourth quarter 2016 net lease big box report, Northbrook, Ill.-based investment firm the Boulder Group noted that cap rates on single tenant net lease properties had increased by about 42 basis points. BJ’s properties in particular usually have higher cap rates than those occupied by its peers Sam’s Club and Costco. “They do not have the same credit profile as Costco, Sam’s Club or Walmart,” says John Feeney, vice president at the Boulder Group. “Also, they are not as well-known a brand.” Down, but not out Other wholesale club operators might have been able to resist Amazon’s onslaught, but BJ’s does not necessarily share in that advantage, according to retail industry observers. BJ’s was the first wholesale club to begin operating in the Northeast, a region with tough barriers to entry because of the scarcity of real estate needed to operate massive warehouse operations. “It was protected for a long time,” Kniffen says. Unfortunately, BJ’s has not reinvested in the business to the same extent that Costco had over the years, he notes. That lack of reinvestment might be exacerbated by the company’s current credit position. In September 2011 the company was bought out by private equity firms CVC Capital Partners, based in New York City and Los Angeles-based Leonard Green & Partners, and has since then paid $1.8 billion in dividends to shareholders. The latest dividend, totaling about $700 million and completed in January, is a continuation of a highly aggressive financial policy, according to Moody’s Investors Service. The rating agency maintains a B3 corporate rating on BJs, which is not investment grade. Whether Amazon makes a play for BJs or not, the wholesale club still has improved operating performance and reduced leverage in recent years. That helped create a cushion for the dividend payout in January, according to a statement from Moody’s. But with competition only intensifying, investors will have to wait and see whether that cushion is enough to sustain BJ’s into the future, independently or otherwise. Investors’ main concern would be how the properties are handled should any other buyer emerge, Feeney says.  Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles BJ’s Wholesale to test pharmacy centers Inland Real Estate Acquires BJ’s Wholesale Club in Md. for $32.4M BJ’s New Owners Seek to Grow Chain Despite Tough Competition Fresh Market Spruces Up Amid Word that Kroger Wants to Buy Amazon’s Impact in Square Footage Advertisement The Latest in Retail Facing Headwinds, Retail Real Estate Development Activity Remains Muted Vacant Department Stores Make Way for Beer Houses, High-End Sushi Joints Despite A Rough Year, Whole Foods Still Considered a Prime Tenant Why Would Amazon Want to Buy BJ’s Wholesale Club? Bad News for Retailers Means Good News for Handful of Restructuring Specialists More Advertisement Recent Comments Well someone made a poor decision on this particular piece. If you read it carefully, which I did, it... Posted 6 hours 8 min ago by egrummons Hi, egrummons, This article is an aggregated piece of content from Bloomberg. We regularly re-post articles... Posted 6 hours 42 min ago by emisonzhnik Please keep your website focused on the real estate industry and don't post this biased trash. I can read... Posted 7 hours 53 min ago by egrummons Wal-Mart is very dirty - the store itself. I would never buy any produce or fresh anything from Wal-Mart. I... Posted 1 week 8 hours ago by user-589592 I was surprised that the author left out the number of companies that are shutting their doors or moving in... Posted 1 week 1 day ago by Marty Lefton Connect With Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Advertisement Nreionline.com Finance & Investment Multifamily Retail Office Industrial Alternative Properties Real Estate Services NREI Wire Site Features Subscribe RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site National Real Estate Investor Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Search Nreionline.com Search: PISCES National Real Estate Investor Related Sites WealthManagement.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
null
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:00 GMT, Apr 21, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica Cherokee Nation sues top drug distributors for ‘opioid diversion’ Published time: 21 Apr, 2017 04:01 Get short URL © Ali Jarekji / Reuters A Native American tribe is suing the six largest drug distributors and pharmacies in the country, charging the companies with flooding their community with hundreds of millions of highly addictive pain pills. Lawyers for the Cherokee Nation filed a lawsuit on Thursday against the three largest drug distributors – McKesson Corporation, Cardinal Health and AmerisourceBergen – which control 85 to 90 percent of all prescription drug distribution in the country.  Read more Drug overdose deaths overwhelm Maryland medical examiner’s office The suit also charges three of the largest retail drug distributors and pharmacies – CVS, Walgreens and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. – for failing to prevent the diversion of opioid drugs to the black market, profiting from the opioid epidemic, and decimating 14 counties in northeast Oklahoma that comprise the Cherokee Nation. “The defendants will need to answer for turning a blind eye to the grave harm they are causing individuals, their families and communities, which are left to pick up the pieces,” Richard Fields, a lawyer hired by the Cherokee Nation, said in a press release. The lawyers argue distributors knew or should have known they were facilitating the opioid epidemic. They cite how the industry ignored guidance from the Drug Enforcement Administration (DEA) on how to identify “red flags,” monitor suspicious opioid orders, and properly report diversion. “These defendants really had the ability to limit the number of deaths and the level of addiction if they just followed the law,” said Fields, according to the Washington Post. The lawsuit also claims distributors broke federal due diligence laws by allowing “opioid diversion” to occur. Opioid diversion happens when the supply chain is broken by distributors who fill orders that are suddenly thousands of pills above the average or larger than the population of the area. The supply chain can also be broken at the pharmacy level by pharmacists who fill illegitimate prescriptions, allow drugs to be lost or stolen or ignore other “red flags.” Read more Cherokee Nation sues US govt, multiple agencies over trust fund “They enabled prescription opioids to fall into illicit distribution channels, failed to alert regulators of extreme volume, and incentivized sales of these drugs with financial bonuses,” Todd Hembree, the Cherokee Nation Attorney General, said in the press release. In 2015, the lawsuit claims an estimated 845 million milligrams of opioids were distributed in the 14 counties that comprise the Cherokee Nation. That averages out to 703 milligrams for every member of the Cherokee Nation within those counties or an estimated 7,200 milligrams a year for every prescription opioid user. As drugs flooded into the community, the overdose rate among prescription opioid users quadrupled during the last 20 years. Between 2003 and 2014 there were more than 350 opioid related deaths within the Cherokee Nation, which is “significantly higher” than the rest of the nation. Now, the lawsuit claims, more adults in the Cherokee Nation die from overdoses than car accidents. Meanwhile, the companies profited an estimated $378.4 billion in 2015, according to the lawsuit. “Their main goal is profit, and this scourge has cost lives and the Cherokee Nation millions,” said Todd Hembree, attorney general for the Cherokees, according to the Washington Post. This marks the first time an Indian nation has filed a suit against opioid distributors for damaging the community. Lawyers claim that the lawsuit is “the Cherokee Nation’s only remaining weapon to fight against the worsening opioid abuse epidemic that Defendants have caused in the Cherokee Nation.” READ MORE: West Virginia schools to stock opioid-overdose antidote Lawyers are seeking to hold the companies responsible for perpetuating the opioid crisis. They also hope to gain access to internal records that could prove the companies “Knowingly or negligently distributed and dispensed prescription opioid drugs” and purposefully “created an environment in which drug diversion can flourish.” “Tribal nations have survived disease, removal from our homelands, termination and other adversities, and still we prospered. However, I fear the opioid epidemic is emerging as the next great challenge of our modern era,” Cherokee Nation Principal Chief Bill John Baker said in the press release. “As we fight this epidemic in our hospitals, our schools and our Cherokee homes, we will also use our legal system to make sure the companies, who put profits over people while our society is crippled by this epidemic, are held responsible for their actions,” Baker said. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
For a better experience on Victoria Advocate.com, enable JavaScript in your browser. Subscribe   Login Login Signup View Newsletters Customer Care Subscribe NEWS Local News Obituaries Police & Courts Business Region & State Counties SPORTS Latest Sports Schools Scores Stats Pick 'em VIEWS Latest Views Blogs Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Polls Everyday Heroes EXPLORE Projects Photos Photo Galleries Videos Reader Photos Elections Hurricanes FEATURES Latest Features Celebrations Local Ads Education Entertainment Faith Food Health Home & Garden Magazines CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Local Ads Cars Homes Jobs Garage Sales Place an ad Marketplace 71° NEWS SPORTS OBITUARIES CLASSIFIEDS 71° STAY CONNECTED   Events Calendar SHARE THIS PAGE Share Tweet +1 It Pin It Reblog   Email   Print FOLLOW US ON   FACEBOOK   TWITTER PINTEREST INSTAGRAM Tumblr Advertise with us U.S. Rep. Farenthold answers social media questions By Jon Wilcox April 20, 2017 at 10:36 p.m. U.S. Rep. Blake Farenthold answers questions from the public posted to Facebook.   Angela Piazza for The Victoria Advocate Congressman Blake Farenthold took questions from social media during a visit to Victoria on Thursday afternoon. The visit came a day after Farenthold was noticeably absent from a town-hall-style meeting at the Oveal Williams Senior Center in Corpus Christi, which more than 100 constituents attended, according to the Corpus Christi Caller-Times. "The folks that don't support me have a really bad habit of scheduling things when I'm not going to be there," said Farenthold on Thursday in an interview at the Victoria Advocate's office and broadcast live on social media. The U.S. representative defended his absence, saying the organizers of the Corpus Christi meeting had not properly invited him. "They didn't call and say, 'Hey, congressman, when can you do a town hall?'" Farenthold said. "They sent us a fax saying, 'We're having a town hall (Wednesday night) - come. That's not how you schedule anything with anybody." Farenthold also said he is planning to have town hall meetings in Corpus Christi and Victoria by August or earlier. Despite that missed connection, some members of District 27 did get the chance to ask the congressman about issues and policy. Travis Smith, of Victoria, wanted to know where Farenthold stood on tax reform, specifically the border adjustment tax. Although Farenthold said he liked the premise, he sees both advantages and disadvantages to a tax that would "level out the playing field for our exports" by giving tax advantages to U.S. exports and stripping tax breaks from foreign imports. "That tax would potentially be passed on to the consumers buying things made in China at Wal-Mart," he said. "There are ups and downs to either side, but I really do like the premise. How you get the details is yet to be worked out." With international media outlets reporting the failure of a North Korean missile launch Sunday, the representative spoke his mind about the possibility of conflict in the Korean peninsula. "If you ask me what I lose sleep over, it's that ... You've got a leader over there that I think may not be playing with a full deck of cards," Farenthold said. "And he has access to nuclear weapons. That's scary. How do you deal with that is the next question." Farenthold praised President Donald Trump's recent meeting with Chinese leaders as a move in the right direction. The representative said North Korea's dependence on Chinese oil refineries could allow the U.S. an opportunity. "China has a lot of leverage in trying to rein them in ... I'm not really happy about relying on China, but it looks like the quickest way to a peaceful solution." Burnet resident Sherrie Norred's question for Farenthold addressed issues closer to home. "Why does mental health funding get cut over ... and over?" she commented Thursday on a Facebook post asking constituents for questions. Although the representative acknowledged the nation faces serious mental health issues, he said lawmakers are challenged by the demand to solve problems while simultaneously balancing the budget. He also said he would like to see nongovernmental organizations participate in solving the problem. "I fundamentally believe it is not the government's responsibility to care for you cradle to grave," he said. "Your family, your church, your community need to step up as well." Farenthold next was asked about his thoughts about the rising cost of tuition throughout the nation. The representative said universities have an obligation to lower tuition themselves. "Do you really need to put that new climbing wall in the student center?" Farenthold asked. The 20-minute interview with Farenthold ended with a question from Alvin Gomez, of Yoakum. "What is his position on the release of Trump's tax returns?" said Gomez in a Facebook comment. Farenthold described the request for tax returns as a "big distraction." "I think everyone is entitled to privacy on their tax returns," he said. RELATED Capital One to close Victoria branch Officials plan to collect, dispose of drugs NEWSMAKER: Congressman Blake Farenthold, 27th District of Texas Annual cooking competition benefits The Vine School Free tax service helps people meet IRS deadline -- See all related stories -- SHARE Comments Advertise with us Advertise with us Most Commented 19  DeTar closes its adult mental health center 07  Family mourns loss of hardworking father 07  Search continues for Goliad man reported missing 07  Victoria misses bid for huge ExxonMobil plant 06  Michael Cloud, GOP county chairman, steps down Follow UsTweets from https://twitter.com/Vicadvocate/lists/victoria-advocate Crossroads Calhoun Dewitt Goliad Jackson Lavaca Refugio Wharton Victoria Our Site About Us Staff Advertise NIE Archives Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site FAQs Advocate Advantage Advocate Advantage Customer Care Digital Edition Connect Contact Us Facebook Twitter Google+ © Victoria Advocate Publishing Co., All Rights Reserved. 311 E. Constitution St. Victoria, Texas 77901 - Phone: 361-575-1451 Newsroom: 361-574-1222 - Customer Care: 361-574-1200 Powered By AdvocateDigitalMedia
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 70° 70° Low 62° High 86° Fri 62° 82° Sat 64° 77° Sun 52° 59° See complete forecast Friends and family are ecstatic that Elizabeth Thomas has been found safe Posted 10:29 pm, April 20, 2017, by Chris Davis and Jessica Grotjahn, Updated at 11:46PM, April 20, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video COLUMBIA, Tenn. - While the entire Columbia community has struggled through this process, Elizabeth Thomas' kidnapping hit her family and friends the hardest. Now that the sun has set in Columbia, it`s hard to see the green bows that can be found all over the downtown square. But these green lights shine in the darkness. Friends and family of Elizabeth Thomas found their own light earlier today. When they got word, Elizabeth is safe and unharmed "That call was really relief. As soon as I heard they found that car, it's like man, they're going to get them," said Elizabeth's friend Caleb Banks. At 12:04 p.m. Caleb got a call from Elizabeth`s older sister. One he's been praying for since day one. "They found her they found her. We broke out into tears on the phone talking to each other. Ecstatic, happy, I felt sick to my stomach at the same time," said Banks. Paige Griffith calls herself Elizabeth's second mom. The false alarm in Memphis and old tip in Oklahoma made her initially cautious. "I was just keeping my fingers crossed that this was real," she explained. So you can only imagine what happened when she learned Elizabeth was indeed safe. "I've been praying so hard for this day and I'm so glad she's ok." said Griffith. Both spent countless hours posting on social media, hanging signs, and tying green ribbons. "I went to Walmart Hobby Lobby, craft stores, I bought out all of Walmart's green ribbons here and in Spring Hill," said Banks. The ribbons that once sought attention for a case growing colder by the day, now have a new meaning. Paige Griffith isn't ready to see them come down. "Shoot we can paint the whole town green, I don't care. I don't want to take them down. It's a celebration now. I may just leave the stickers on my car because she's home and that's what it says on there, bring her home and we did." As the sun sets in this quaint southern town many questions remain unanswered, but Elizabeth's second mom said that's not what's important.   "I'm not going to ask her a lot of questions for a long time because she needs to process this." What is important is that Elizabeth knows she's loved. "This was not her fault. There's not one person around that's going to blame her for a thing. She was a victim of this man and she needs to understand everybody loves her and will support her," said Griffith. According to friends of the family, Elizabeth has still not called her family here in Columbia. There`s no word yet why that hasn.t happened yet.   35.615072 -87.035283 Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular First Groomed, then Kidnapped, now Found: The search for Elizabeth Thomas is over TBI: TN AMBER Alert teen found safe, teacher Tad Cummins Arrested Second grader hit by vehicle in East Limestone community Latest News Former Alabama linebacker Reuben Foster fails drug test Falkville woman dies in crash Decatur native Deonte Brown turning heads in Tuscaloosa Friends and family are ecstatic that Elizabeth Thomas has been found safe News Family friend of missing teen takes to Facebook to clear up rumors News Family of Elizabeth Thomas releases new statement; TBI urges public to remain vigilant News Family attorney holds news conference after Elizabeth Thomas is safely located News First Groomed, then Kidnapped, now Found: The search for Elizabeth Thomas is over News ‘If I’m not back by 6:00, come looking for me,’ missing teen’s family shares Elizabeth’s parting words News “She’s not yours and you need to bring her back,” Family friend has strong words for accused kidnapper News A community comes together in prayer for Elizabeth Thomas’ safe return home News UPDATE: Family hopeful after confirmed sighting of missing teen, accused kidnapper from Tenn. AMBER Alert seen in Oklahoma City News DA: Elizabeth Thomas may have intentionally left clue before disappearance News Estranged mother of kidnap victim Elizabeth Thomas shares sorrow, worry over disappearance News NEW DETAILS: Siskiyou Sheriff’s Office reveals how they captured suspected kidnapper Tad Cummins, found Elizabeth Thomas News TBI urges public to keep looking for Elizabeth Thomas & Tad Cummins: “It only takes one tip” News Friend of Elizabeth Thomas fights to keep story in public eye Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2017, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Weather Sports US/World National World Politics Live Better Comics/Puzzles East Idaho Newsmakers Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Good Question Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Weather Sponsor Have a great story? Send a tip! 208-528-NEWS Weather Sponsored By Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Weather Sports US/World Idaho Utah Wyoming Montana National World Politics Live Better Comics/Puzzles East Idaho Newsmakers Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Living the Wild Life Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Good Question Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Tennessee teacher accused of kidnapping girl arrested in California National 0  Updated at 8:27 pm, April 20th, 2017 By: Holly Yan, Sara Sidner and AnneClaire Stapleton, CNN Share This Story We Matched (CNN) — After five weeks on the run, a Tennessee teacher who kidnapped and fled with his 15-year-old student has been arrested in northern California, authorities said. The student, Elizabeth Thomas, was found safe in Cecilville, northwest of Redding, her sister Kat Thomas said Thursday. “There aren’t words in the English language to describe the level of relief and elation experienced by the Thomas family,” said Jason Whatley, the family’s attorney. “Now begins another hard chapter, but for now, we celebrate.” Tad Cummins, 50, fled with Elizabeth from their small town of Culleoka, Tennessee, on March 13. They disappeared a few weeks after a student reported seeing Cummins and Elizabeth kissing in a classroom. A tip led law enforcement to a remote cabin at Cecilville, about two hours from the nearest police station. The Nissan Rogue at the center of the search was parked outside, TBI spokesman Josh DeVine said. After the capture, one federal charge of transportation of a minor across state lines for the purpose of having criminal sexual intercourse was filed against Cummins, said Jack Smith, acting US attorney for the Middle District of Tennessee. The charge carries a minimum of 10 years. A 2,000-mile escape Surveillance video showed the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15. But after that, the trail went cold. The break came when someone spotted Cummins in a remote part of Siskiyou County, California, more than 2,000 miles from Culleoka, and called the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tip line. The caller said he had taken up residence in a remote cabin in Cecilville, DeVine said. Siskiyou County deputies searched the area and found the vehicle. They confirmed through the VIN number that it belonged to Cummins, Devine said. Deputies monitored the car and took Cummins into custody as daylight broke, said DeVine. Thomas was found “healthy and unharmed,” TBI Director Mark Gwyn said. She is federal custody and arrangements are being made for her return home as soon as Friday. The main concern is for her emotional well-being, Gwyn said. “As we have said from the start, it only takes one tip,” Gwyn said. “This is yet another example of the value of the public helping us to rescue a kidnapping victim.” Couple spotted by property caretaker The TBI earlier had said the two were found in a commune, but later backed off that description. The cabin’s owner, Monk O’Hare, told CNN it is not located on Black Bear Ranch, a nearby commune. O’Hare was not on the property but the cabin’s caretaker spoke to the couple, he said. Cummins told the caretaker that he was 44 years old and that the young woman with him was 22. O’Hare said a friend of his also was at the property and saw the couple. The friend told him something didn’t seem right, he said. Their vehicle did not have license plates and he noticed that the young woman would not get out of the car when the man got out. O’Hare’s friend asked the property caretaker to call the sheriff’s department, he said. The night before the arrest, “a plan was hatched” to capture Cummins, O’Hare told CNN. That next morning, the caretaker asked Cummins to come outside and help him build a rock wall on the property. When Cummins went outside, investigators were there to arrest him, O’Hare said. A quirk in the law Cummins faces charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, the TBI said last month. But state law allows children older than 12 to decide whether to leave their families, unless their removal or confinement “is accomplished by force, threat or fraud.” That means to prove a kidnapping took place, prosecutors will have to show Elizabeth was unlawfully removed or had her freedom restricted. Estranged wife speaks out Cummins’ estranged wife, Jill Cummins, was “very emotional” when she learned both were found safe, her attorney Michael Cox said. “She is excited that they were found and nobody was hurt,” Cox said. “She has not spoken to Tad.” Jill Cummins had filed for divorce, saying she felt betrayed by her husband. She had no idea why her husband went to Northern California. “This is not somewhere they had frequently visited,” her attorney said. “I’m not aware that they had ever been there.” NEVER MISS A STORY! CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FREE EASTIDAHONEWS.COM APP CNN Wire and the CNN Video Affiliate Network is an online syndication service providing text and video versions of CNN's award-winning news coverage. Articles featured include reporting on world news, politics, finance, health, entertainment and technology. Stories You May Be Interested In: Baby born with blood clot loses his arm; Father goes mad and discovers solution 11 Apr 2017 Stacie Simpson, FamilyShare North Korea defiant as US moves warships 11 Apr 2017 Tim Schwarz, Zachary Cohen and Brad Lendon, CNN Man dragged off United flight has concussion, will file suit, lawyer says 13 Apr 2017 Eliott C. McLaughlin, CNN Boy crushed, killed at rotating Atlanta restaurant 15 Apr 2017 Jason Hanna and Joe Sutton, CNN Images in the news Related Stories   Tennessee teacher accused of kidnapping girl arrested in California Details emerge on Snake River Landing’s ‘Project X’ Man accused of killing 18-month-old to stand trial Good Question: Why do men go bald? French police officer, gunman killed on Champs-Elysees Final 60,000 tickets released for Idaho Falls LDS Temple public tours Have a tip? We want to hear it!Local news comes from local people! Tell us what’s going on in your area! Send a tip ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE WITH US JOBS OUR TEAM OUR ETHICS OUR PARTNERS TERMS OF USE COPYRIGHT CLAIM PROCEDURE PRIVACY STATEMENT © 2017, EastIdahoNews.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / National News / ‘I’m glad this is over’: Tenn. teacher accused of abducting girl nabbed in Calif. ‘I’m glad this is over’: Tenn. teacher accused of abducting girl nabbed in Calif. Posted on Thursday, April 20, 2017 by CNN in National News After five weeks on the run, a Tennessee teacher who kidnapped and fled with his 15-year-old student was arrested Thursday deep in the mountains of northern California, authorities said. “I’m glad this is over,” 50-year-old Tad Cummins said after his arrest, according to Siskiyou County sheriff’s Sgt. Mike Gilley. Elizabeth Thomas was found safe in a remote cabin in Cecilville, northwest of Redding. The pair spent one night in the cabin before the arrest, but they may have been in the area for about a week, Gilley said. The cabin’s caretaker alerted law enforcement to their presence and helped them hatch a plan to draw Cummins from the residence unarmed and without Thomas, the cabin’s owner told CNN. The arrest ends a nationwide manhunt that began on March 13, when Cummins fled with Elizabeth from their small town of Culleoka, Tennessee. Cummins face federal and state charges stemming from her disappearance. But the search for answers is far from over. “There aren’t words in the English language to describe the level of relief and elation experienced by the Thomas family,” said Jason Whatley, attorney for the family. “Now begins another hard chapter, but for now, we celebrate.” Alert residents assist capture The pair disappeared as a police investigation into their relationship was heating up. Cummins had been suspended after a student reported seeing them kissing in a classroom. Surveillance video showed the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15. But after that, the trail went cold. The break came when someone encountered Cummins in Siskiyou County, more than 2,000 miles from Culleoka, and called the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tip line. The caller said Cummins had taken up residence in Cecilville, about two hours from the nearest police station. Siskiyou County deputies searched the area and found a silver Nissan Rogue parked outside the cabin, TBI spokesman Josh DeVine said. They confirmed through the VIN number that it belonged to Cummins. The TBI earlier had said the two were found in a commune, but later backed off that description. The cabin is close to a commune called Black Bear Ranch but it’s not part of the commune, said the cabin’s owner, Monk O’Hare. He was not on the property when the pair was there. The cabin’s caretaker spoke to the couple, O’Hare said. He added that a friend of his was also at the property and saw the couple. The friend told him something didn’t seem right, O’Hare said. Cummins told O’Hare’s friend that he was 44 years old, the young woman with him was 22 and they were recently married. He added that when Thomas wanted to share something she would whisper stuff in Cummins ear and then Cummins would repeat it. Their vehicle did not have license plates and he noticed that the young woman would not get out of the car when the man got out. The property caretaker called the sheriff’s department and helped them devise a plan to capture Cummins, O’Hare said, That next morning, the caretaker asked Cummins to come outside and help him build a rock wall on the property. When Cummins went outside, investigators were there to arrest him, O’Hare said. Gilley confirmed that his team worked with a neighbor to draw Cummins out of the cabin in order to separate him from Elizabeth. Snipers surrounded the cabin as Cummins exited the cabin and was taken into custody. Elizabeth was walking behind him and was detained. He described her condition as alternating between “stoic” and “emotional,” understandable given the circumstances, he said. “It was a very traumatic experience for her. Her mood was very alternating,” he said. “The two obviously have a relationship … her response to us and to law enforcement escalated up and down.” ‘It only takes one tip’ Elizabeth is in federal custody and arrangements are being made for her return home as soon as Friday. As of Thursday evening, her family was waiting to communicate with her before speaking publicly. The main concern is for her emotional well-being, TBI Director Mark Gwyn said. “As we have said from the start, it only takes one tip,” Gwyn said. “This is yet another example of the value of the public helping us to rescue a kidnapping victim.” After the capture, Cummins was charged with one federal count of transportations of a minor across state lines for the purpose of criminal sexual intercourse, said Jack Smith, acting US attorney for Middle District of Tennessee. The charge carries a minimum of 10 years. He faces state charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, the TBI said last month. But state law allows children older than 12 to decide whether to leave their families, unless their removal or confinement “is accomplished by force, threat or fraud.” That means to prove a kidnapping took place, prosecutors will have to show Elizabeth was unlawfully removed or had her freedom restricted. Estranged wife speaks out Cummins’ estranged wife, Jill Cummins, was “very emotional” when she learned both were found safe, her attorney, Michael Cox, said. “She is excited that they were found and nobody was hurt,” Cox said. “She has not spoken to Tad.” Jill Cummins had filed for divorce, saying she felt betrayed by her husband. She had no idea why her husband went to northern California. “This is not somewhere they had frequently visited,” her attorney said. “I’m not aware that they had ever been there.” US Supreme Court delays Arkansas execution US courts delay Arkansas execution Related Posts 5 things to know for your new day — Friday, October 2 Jim Jones Fast Facts 5 things to know for your New Day — Tuesday, March 24 D.C. train service snarled after smoke fills metro station, kills 1 Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Life & Style Books New book 'Move Fast and Break Things' takes on Amazon, Facebok, Google Google Virginia Mayo / AP 2010 Google’s cavalier disregard for copyright laws are also well-documented. Google’s cavalier disregard for copyright laws are also well-documented. (Virginia Mayo / AP 2010) Nick Romeo America's major tech companies like to present themselves as cool and countercultural institutions. Their employees and executives wear jeans to work, hold "hackathons" to solve problems and speak in soaring language of how their "disruptive innovations" will positively transform the world. How could these companies not be a force for good? Jonathan Taplin's excellent new book explains exactly how Google, Facebook and Amazon are undermining democratic institutions, accelerating the rise of oligarchy in America, and destroying both cultural and economic opportunities for millions of people. The book's title is "Move Fast and Break Things," a slogan popular in Silicon Valley that has gradually gained a set of connotations far less flattering than tech oligarchs might realize. As Taplin writes, "a culture and its art are not like an old flip phone — to be thrown in the trash as soon as it has been 'disrupted' by the Next Big Thing." RELATED: TRENDING LIFE & STYLE NEWS THIS HOUR Many elements of Taplin's case are familiar. Newspaper ad revenue has declined by roughly $40 billion between 2000 and 2014, recorded music revenue has dropped $10 billion in the same period, and over 5,000 independent book and record stores have closed in the last two decades. Facebook's covert experiments in manipulating the emotions of hundreds of thousands of users, Amazon's atrocious treatment of workers at its distribution centers and Google's cavalier disregard for copyright laws are also well-documented. Taplin, director emeritus of the University of Southern California Annenberg Innovation Lab, argues that the major tech companies are fundamentally monopolistic and parasitic — they exploit positions of market dominance to ignore legal regulations, extract inflated prices from advertisers and rely on content produced by others, often without their consent or knowledge. But his explanation of how these practices arose starts much earlier. Thomas Jefferson wanted a "restriction against monopolies" added to the Bill of Rights, alongside freedom of religion, freedom of the press and protection against standing armies. Alexander Hamilton, founder of the Bank of New York, disagreed and ultimately prevailed. Though wealthy banking interests prevented the adoption of a clause against monopolies in the Bill of Rights, the Sherman Antitrust Act of 1890 allowed President Theodore Roosevelt to break up John D. Rockefeller's Standard Oil Trust. Taplin quotes Roosevelt, whose words still resonate: "the prime need is to change the conditions which enable these men to accumulate power which it is not for the general welfare that they should hold or exercise." 'Move Fast and Break Things' Little, Brown and Co. "Move Fast and Break Things," by Jonathan Taplin, Little, Brown and Co., 320 pages, $29. "Move Fast and Break Things," by Jonathan Taplin, Little, Brown and Co., 320 pages, $29. (Little, Brown and Co.) Taplin explores how the influential legal theorist and rejected Supreme Court nominee Robert Bork helped shift public and regulatory opinion in the second half of the 20th century. By claiming that the only question regulators should ask is whether monopolies affect consumer welfare, Bork essentially proposed that as long as prices fall, increasing concentrations of corporate power do not matter. Even if Wal-Mart were the only store in America, this would be a problem only if consumer prices rose. Of course, this myopic thinking ignores the fact that there might be no consumers to shop at Wal-Mart if it were allowed to obliterate every other retail business in the country. Because Wal-Mart would then be the only purchaser of many goods from wholesalers, it could extract ruinous prices. This is precisely the position of Amazon vis-a-vis book publishers. Because Amazon can deny publishers access to its enormous customer base, it can force them to accept artificially deflated prices. Google and Facebook can do something similar with advertisers by threatening to deny them access to billions of users. Taplin cites the Herfindahl-Hirschman Index, a widely used measure of market concentration in antitrust law that allows regulators to determine whether markets are becoming monopolistic. A score of 2,500 is considered highly concentrated. The HHI for internet search markets is 7,402. The sort of free-market libertarianism that scorns all government regulation is particularly ironic given the origins of the internet. Taplin recounts early research funded by the U.S. Department of Defense that explicitly structured the internet in a decentralized architecture so it could survive a nuclear attack. Not only does the absurdly concentrated power of a few companies contradict this vision, the internet itself might not exist if the anti-government visions of many tech oligarchs had been a reality in the 1960s. Author Jonathan Taplin Little, Brown and Co. Jonathan Taplin’s latest book explains how Google, Facebook and Amazon are undermining democratic institutions, accelerating the rise of oligarchy in America, and destroying both cultural and economic opportunities for millions of people. Jonathan Taplin’s latest book explains how Google, Facebook and Amazon are undermining democratic institutions, accelerating the rise of oligarchy in America, and destroying both cultural and economic opportunities for millions of people. (Little, Brown and Co.) Taplin makes a forceful and persuasive case that companies like Google and Facebook could employ their powerful artificial intelligence programs to prevent the infringement of existing copyright laws. They've demonstrated their capacity to stop pornography and illegal drug markets from surfacing on search results. It would not be difficult for them to enforce copyright infringements more effectively and share some of their enormous profits with the industries they are decimating. The 2016 presidential election was a dramatic demonstration of the unintended consequences of gutting the once-influential field of journalism. But Taplin believes that his case has implications far beyond the creative industries. "We need to understand that every one of us will stand in the shoes of the artist before long. Musicians and authors were at the barricades first because their industries were the first to be digitized. ... (S)oon the technologists will be coming for your job, too, just as they will continue to come for more of your personal data," he writes. This is not a prophecy but a warning — without changes to legislation, corporate behavior and consumer values, the oligarchic dreams of a few billionaires could reshape the country even more than they already have. Nick Romeo is a freelancer. 'Move Fast and Break Things' By Jonathan Taplin, Little, Brown and Co., 320 pages, $29 Because you're never too old to snuggle up with a novel about man's best friend, dog lovers, this one's for you. Whether you're looking for a tear-jerker or old school adventure, we've rounded up 28 classic and lesser-known books about dogs.  Just in time for Valentine's Day, the Poetry Foundation lists its top 10 most popular love poems, as measured by page views. Click through the gallery to see the full list.  Julianne Moore, Billy Crystal, Derek Jeter and Madonna have more than Hollywood in common. These celebrities have also made a mark in the literary world by writing children’s books. Each story tells a unique tale filled with humor, life lessons, imagination and more. --By Kristen Sullivan, Newsday Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Robert H. Bork Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Scott Turow, Amy Dickinson to appear at Printers Row Lit Fest After 2016's losses, Elizabeth Warren tells Democrats: 'Shame on us' Earth Day reads: Fiction takes on climate change Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 51°
Real Estate JOBS 転職 STUDY IN JAPAN Japan Showcase Sign Up | Login ≫ Twitter Facebook Newsletter RSS 16 L/RAIN TOKYO (3 p.m.) Markets 109.33 ¥/$ (3 p.m.) News Sign Up | Login ≫ Email Updates Home Delivery Today's Stories MENU City Guide Search News Opinion Life Community Culture Sports City Guide Search Search National Asia Pacific Business World Reference Columns Multimedia News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia Sorry, but your browser needs Javascript to use this site. If you're not sure how to activate it, please refer to this site: http://www.enable-javascript.com/ Tad Cummins, a former high school teacher accused of luring a 15-year-old student into his car outside of a restaurant and disappearing with the girl, is pictured in this police handout photo released on social media after his capture Thursday. | TENNESSEE BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION / HANDOUT / VIA REUTERS World / Crime & Legal Tennessee teen found safe, teacher arrested in California after month on run AP Apr 21, 2017 Article history Online: Apr 21, 2017 Last Modified: Apr 21, 2017 PRINT SHARE NASHVILLE, TENNESSEE – A 15-year-old Tennessee girl who disappeared with her teacher more than a month ago was found safe in California and the teacher was arrested, authorities said Thursday. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said 50-year-old Tad Cummins had been taken into custody and that the girl was found in Siskiyou County in Northern California. The agency said it planned a news conference for 4 p.m. EDT to release more details. The pair’s disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is a community about 60 miles (100 km) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. On March 15, surveillance images from a Walmart in Oklahoma City showed Cummins and the girl purchasing food items in the store with cash, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said. The statement said the images captured showed Cummins had altered his hair to appear darker and the girl may have changed her hair color to red. Police had previously issued an Amber alert for the girl and said they had warrants charging the health sciences teacher with sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping. Court papers filed recently in the girl’s disappearance said she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. A lawyer for the girl’s family has said the teacher was allowed to continue working at the school for two weeks after he was reported kissing the student. Attorney Jason Whatley has said the school system must have not believed the student’s report. The school’s investigative files provided to The Associated Press by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was “a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down,” according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins’ class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins’ classroom to make sure students weren’t there when they weren’t supposed to be. The teacher would later be reprimanded on Feb. 3 by school principal Penny Love after the girl was seen in Cummins classroom for a little more than half an hour that day. In her letter, Love said the girl being in his classroom was a violation of the principal’s order to him. The school system didn’t suspend Cummins until Feb. 6. He was fired about a month later, a day after the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert about the teen. Last month, the teacher’s wife of 31 years filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple have two children together. Siskiyou County Sheriff’s spokeswoman Kelly Giordano did not immediately return a call for comment. Photos Click to enlarge Keywords kidnapping, teacher, Tennessee, minor Crime & Legal Arkansas carries out first execution since 2005 Russian top court bans Jehovah’s Witnesses, deems them extremists FBI arrests suspected serial bank robber known as the ‘Straw Hat Bandit’ Canada police charge woman with smuggling nine African refugees from U.S. Mail the editor Error Report Republishing Commenting Policy The Japan Times ST The Japan Times on Sunday What's Trending Now ‘The sword stands ready’: On aircraft carrier deck, Pence reiterates U.S. pledge to defend Japan Japan’s middle-aged ‘parasite singles’ face uncertain future Japan’s 15-year-olds struggle with life satisfaction, OECD survey finds North Korea marks late founder’s birthday with video depicting massive nuclear strike on U.S. Language barriers at Japanese medical institutions put foreign patients at risk: expert ‘Vagina artist’ Megumi Igarashi continues her battle with Japan’s definition of obscenity Clock ticks for women in Japan seeking love at work Trump mulls military options for North Korea. They’re all grim. Veteran heavy metal band Loudness cancels U.S. tour after barred by immigration Blogs Japan Pulse Yen for Living BACK TO TOP The Japan Times on Sunday The Japan Times ST Jobs Study in Japan JT for Women JT Bookclub Japanese School Directory Email Updates | Home Delivery RSS Twitter Facebook Newsletter News National World Business Asia Pacific Reference Columns Multimedia Opinion Editorials Commentary Reader Mail Cartoons Life Travel Digital Food & Drink Environment Style & Design Language Lifestyle People Columns Multimedia Community Voices Issues Our Lives Event Listings How-tos Columns Culture Film Music Art Stage Events Festivals Books TV Columns Multimedia Sports Baseball Soccer Basketball Sumo Rugby Figure Skating Tennis More Sports Columns Multimedia About us Contact us Privacy Policy Link Policy Reprints FAQs Support Press Sitemap Advertise The Japan Times LTD. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 21 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Global Market 2017 Key Players, Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2021 Pune, Maharashtra — (SBWIRE) — 04/20/2017 — World Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Executive Summary Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) market research report provides the newest industry data and industry future trends, allowing you to identify the products and end users driving Revenue growth and profitability. The industry report lists the leading competitors and provides the insights strategic industry Analysis of the key factors influencing the market. Request a Sample Report @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/sample-request/899832-world-capital-expenditure-capex-japan-and-etc The report includes the forecasts, Analysis and discussion of important industry trends, market size, market share estimates and profiles of the leading industry Players. The Players mentioned in our report Exxon Mobil Wal-Mart Stores Ford Motor DaimlerChrysler Royal Dutch/Shell Group BP General Electric Mitsubishi Toyota Motor General Motors Global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market: Product Segment Analysis Equipment expenditure Property expenditure Industrial buildings expenditure Complete Report Details @ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/reports/899832-world-capital-expenditure-capex-japan-and-etc Global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market: Application Segment Analysis Global Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market: Regional Segment Analysis USA Europe Japan China India South East Asia Table of Content-Key Points Covered Chapter 1 About the Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Industry 1.1 Industry Definition 1.1.1 Types of Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) industry 1.1.1.1 Equipment expenditure 1.1.1.2 Property expenditure 1.1.1.3 Industrial buildings expenditure 1.2 Main Market Activities 1.3 Similar Industries 1.4 Industry at a Glance Chapter 2 World Market Competition Landscape 2.1 Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Markets by Regions 2.1.1 USA Market Revenue (M USD) by Types, Through 2021 Market Revenue (M USD) by Applications, Through 2021 Major Players Revenue (M USD) in 2015 2.1.2 Europe Market Revenue (M USD) by Types, Through 2021 Market Revenue (M USD) by Applications, Through 2021 Major Players Revenue (M USD) in 2015 2.1.3 China Market Revenue (M USD) by Types, Through 2021 Market Revenue (M USD) by Applications, Through 2021 Major Players Revenue (M USD) in 2015 2.1.4 India Market Revenue (M USD) by Types, Through 2021 Market Revenue (M USD) by Applications, Through 2021 Major Players Revenue (M USD) in 2015 2.1.5 Japan Market Revenue (M USD) by Types, Through 2021 Market Revenue (M USD) by Applications, Through 2021 Major Players Revenue (M USD) in 2015 2.1.6 South East Asia Market Revenue (M USD) by Types, Through 2021 Market Revenue (M USD) by Applications, Through 2021 Major Players Revenue (M USD) in 2015 2.2 World Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market by Types Equipment expenditure Property expenditure Industrial buildings expenditure 2.3 World Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market by Applications 2.4 World Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Analysis 2.4.1 World Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Revenue and Growth Rate 2011-2016 2.4.2 World Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Consumption and Growth rate 2011-2016 2.4.3 World Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market Price Analysis 2011-2016 Chapter 3 World Capital Expenditure (CAPEX) Market share 3.1 Major Production Market share by Players 3.2 Major Revenue (M USD) Market share by Players 3.3 Major Production Market share by Regions in 2015, Through 2021 3.4 Major Revenue (M USD) Market share By Regions in 2015, Through 2021 Chapter 4 Supply Chain Analysis 4.1 Industry Supply chain Analysis 4.2 Raw material Market Analysis 4.2.1 Raw material Prices Analysis 2012-2016 4.2.2 Raw material Supply Market Analysis 4.2 Manufacturing Equipment Suppliers Analysis 4.3 Production Process Analysis 4.4 Production Cost Structure Benchmarks 4.5 End users Market Analysis Buy Report@ https://www.wiseguyreports.com/checkout?currency=one_user-USD&report_id=899832 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Automotive Radar Application Industry Market Grow with an Impressive Rate of 18.74% by 2022 Next PostNext Gov. Scott Attends Groundbreaking of NewSouth Window Solutions New Facility Search Recent Posts Moultonborough Wedding Aerial Photography Real Estate Drone Videography Launched Las Vegas Eco Friendly Babycare Products Organic Cotton Bib Launched IELTS Tuition Hub Individual & Group English Language Testing Classes Launched Sandwich Market 2017 Share, Trend, Segmentation and Forecast to 2022 Matrix Media & WebProSys Form Strategic Partnership to Offer Mobile & Web Development Services in US Proudly powered by WordPress
Make Canoe my Homepage Twitter Facebook RSS Français Canoe - CNEWS Canoe News News Videos Photos National World Good News Science Crime Weird News Videos The World's Weirdest Mammal Keeps Surprising... Jeff Sessions Might Have Just Upset The Entire... Terror Suspected In Deadly Paris Shooting Days... News NHL linesman sues Flames, Wideman, for $10.25M 2 Cdns, 1 Nigerian arrested in U.S. human... ISIS group claims Champs-Elysees attack on cops Showbiz Showbiz Celebrities Television Movies Music Books Theatre Videos Photos Videos Beyoncé's 'Lemonade' Wins Peabody Award Bill O'Reilly's Show Renamed 'The Factor' on Fox... John Legend Praises Chrissy Teigen's Openness... News Locklear explains why Spade has such good luck... Judge blocks release of Prince EP Ex-'Doctor Who' star Gillan: A female Doctor... Sports Sports Videos Photos Scoreboard Hockey Wrestling Football Baseball Basketball Videos Jennifer Lopez and Alex Rodriguez Are Getting... Serena Williams Announces Her Pregnancy On... Aaron Hernandez Kills Himself in Jail News Babcock's last-minute choice looking genius in... Raptors humiliated in Game 3 loss to Bucks Analyzing the 2017 NFL schedule Hot Topics Chad Johnson not happy with... Chad Johnson not happy with TSN Kessel blasts 'embarrassing,... Kessel blasts embarrassing media Money Money Videos Photos Videos Will Smith Would Make The Perfect Genie In... Britney Spears Still Under Conservatorship Mike 'The Situation' Sorrentino Looking at 20... News 5 potential measures to tackle housing... Loblaws to open 30 new stores and renovate more... BlackBerry wins US$815-million arbitration... Hot Topics Amazon work culture Could happen here iPod demoted Put with chargers Lifestyle Lifestyle Style & Beauty Food & Drink Love & Sex Living Horoscopes Comics Puzzles Royals Videos Irina Shayk Bounces Back From Pregnancy In Sexy... Serena Williams Announces Her Pregnancy On... Amanda Bynes Making Nickelodeon Comeback? News Gwyneth Paltrow hosting 'In goop Health' wellness... How long should sex last? Starbucks barista has epic meltdown over Unicorn... Hot Topics Rate the look: Celebrity look... Rate the look: Celebrity look of th day Top-rated wines Wines of the week Health Travel Travel Destinations Activities News Tips & Trends Tools Videos Photos Videos Inside Bella Hadid's Secret Affordable Jamaican... Princess Cruises Will Pay A $40M Penalty For... New York Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree Lit News WestJet to launch new, no-frills (cheap) airline... Soaking it up in Europe's top spas Giant corpse flower set to bloom ahead of... Hot Topics TRIVIA Can you ID the provincial flags? HOTELS 11 things Canadians forget most Driving Tech Tech Tech News Video Games Mobile Reviews Videos Photos Videos Jays' Aaron Sanchez talks baseball and MLB The... Call of Duty's John Marshall Jones On The Wonders... Raw: Deadly Train Crash in Egypt News Blue Jays' Aaron Sanchez on MLB The Show 17 The Internet remains unbroken Samsung unveils Galaxy S8, S8 Plus Videos Photos Videos Photos National World Good News Science Crime Weird News Today's News Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Latest news Lotteries Weather Man found guilty of murdering ex-girlfriend, jury finds See in fullscreen / Andrew Watson is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc hugs a supporter after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc hugs a supporter after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK / Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc hugs a supporter after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Andrew Watson, 79, is taken out of Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc reflects as he talks to reporters after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc hugs a supporter after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc hugs a supporter after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Lise Fredette's son Stï¿½phane Leclerc hugs a supporter after Andrew Watson, 79, was found guilty of first-degree murderis at Superior Court in Peterborough on Thursday, April 20, 2017 after being found guilty of first-degree murder in the death of Lise Fredette in 2014. Her body has never been found and Watson refused to disclose its location after the jury delivered its verdict. CLIFFORD SKARSTEDT/PETERBOROUGH EXAMINER/POSTMEDIA NETWORK Previous Next Latest News Alcohol-fueled fight led to stomping death of Calgary mom Ottawa killer wanted to run stripper empire: 'The more money, the better' Missing Tennessee student found safe; teacher arrested Jessica Nyznik, The Peterborough Examiner Apr 20, 2017 , Last Updated: 8:11 PM ET Andrew Watson murdered his ex-girlfriend, Lise Fredette, in 2014, a Peterborough jury decided Thursday after about five hours of deliberations. Watson, 79, was arrested in 2014 after Ms. Fredette disappeared after leaving her job at Walmart. Although her body has never been found, the Crown presented extensive evidence throughout the weeks-long trial to prove Watson killed her. He had argued that without a body, he couldn't be found guilty. After the jury read the verdict, Justice Hugh O’Connell asked Watson if he’d like to let the family know where Ms. Fredette’s body was, so she could be laid to rest. “Mr. Watson, the road is now over for you. If you have a heart, sir, I would strongly suggest you speak to officer Self to put closure to this,” said O’Connell. “No thanks,” Watson said. O’Connell told Ms. Fredette’s family and friends sitting in the courtroom that he “highly resented” Watson’s betrayal, not only to Ms. Fredette, but to them as well for not giving them peace. “Regrettably, it seems to me Mr. Watson is a completely, utterly empty vessel, concerned with only one thing: himself,” said O’Connell. The judge thanked Ms. Fredette’s family for their attention to the case and restraint during difficult times throughout the trial. “It’s got to be difficult to hear about how a shovel is found with your mother’s blood on it, how blood is all over a car and you had to hear this preposterous, preposterous commentary that this came from gardening at some undefined time – preposterous,” he said. O’Connell said Watson’s actions speak to an evil person, completely devoid of a conscience. “There are people regrettably like Mr. Watson who are the personification of evil.” More to come.   Ads VIDEOS Most popular Latest stories CanadaOntario to tax non-resident foreign housing buyers 15%, expand rent control WorldDonald Trump calls out New York Times for 'big lie' following Patriots' White House visit WorldAccused creep stalking former First Daughter: Report WorldExtraordinary Titanic letter could fetch $40Gs at auction WorldGold coins found stashed inside piano WorldProsecutors considering charges against WikiLeaks: Report CanadaVancouver Aquarium belugas died from mystery toxin: Investigation CanadaNHL linesman sues Flames, Wideman, for $10.25M over official abuse CanadaNo more Mr. Nice Trump: president goes after Canada on wood, dairy, lumber CanadaDrake AWOL from Raptors games Ads Weather Montréal Choose your city 5 days forecast °c °c °c °c °c Burning question Are hydro rates too high where you live? Yes No They're reasonable. Submit Results Newsletter subscription Your daily dose of what's hot on Canoe.com. You'll get everything from daily features and top headlines. Sign up today ! Ads Canoe Top Headlines showbiz Judge blocks release of Prince EP news NHL linesman sues Flames for $10.25M slam 'John: 316' allegedly written on Hernandez's... news Drake AWOL from Raptors games Canoe SunMedia is a member of Horoscopes Driving Classifieds Your Life Moments Your Life Moments Blogs.com flyer city News Showbiz Sports Money Lifestyle Travel Tech Games Health Videos Classifieds Life Moments Flyercity Partners Comics Crosswords Horoscopes Movie Listings Lottos Scores TV Listings Weather Follow Us Google Plus Facebook RSS Canoe Showbiz Sports Tech Travel Money Canoe Mobile Canoe.com is available on iPhone, iPad and Android About Canoe Sitemap Privacy Policy Find Help Copyright © 2017 All Rights Reserved Close
X Close with photo without photo Print     Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper BUSINESS CATEGORIES Home Politics POLITICS Diplomacy EU Affairs War On Terror Legislation Elections Turkey TURKEY Istanbul Ankara Investigations Education Minorities Expat Corner World WORLD Mid-East Syrian Crisis Europe Americas Asia-Pacific Africa Balkans Islamophobia Business BUSINESS Economy Finance Tourism Real-Estate Energy Automotive Tech Defense Sports SPORTS Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life LIFE Travel Food Health Environment Science Fashion History Religion Feature Arts ARTS Cinema Music Books Events Portrait Opinion OPINION Op Ed Columns Editorial Readers Corner Today's Paper BUSINESS Daily Sabah > Business Close Cash-strapped Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration REUTERS CARACAS Published Share Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google+ Permalink Share via e-mail TO ADD A MESSAGE 
 YOUR E-MAIL VERIFICATION CODE U.S. President Donald J. Trump and First Lady Melania Trump dance at the Freedom Ball in Washington D.C. on Jan. 20. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony President Nicolas Maduro may be struggling to feed Venezuela but his socialist administration still managed to make a $500,000 donation to Donald Trump's inauguration, records released Wednesday show. Inaugural committee records filed with the Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a U.S. affiliate of Venezuela's state oil company PDVSA, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some U.S. corporate giants including Pepsi ($250,000), Walmart ($150,000) and Verizon ($100,000) and was on par with the likes of JP Morgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated $500,000. It came in under Bank of America's $1 million contribution. Even while accusing the U.S. of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new U.S. president. But the Trump administration has recently stepped up criticism of Venezuela's government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the U.S. State Department issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. "Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community," the statement read. Tens of thousands of Venezuelans took the street Wednesday to protest Maduro and demand new elections, denouncing what they deem a steady slide toward authoritarianism coupled with pressing economic woes that include triple-digit inflation, vast food shortages and a rise in violence. The South American nation has the world's largest oil reserves and once commanded a booming economy, but those days are a distant memory to Venezuelans who accuse Maduro of pilfering the nation's oil wealth. PDVSA recently put up a nearly 50 percent stake in Citgo as collateral for a $1.5 billion loan from the Russian company Rosneft, drawing criticism from U.S. legislators who worry a default by Citgo would allow Russian leader Vladimir Putin to get a foothold in the American oil industry. "We are extremely concerned that Rosneft's control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security," six senators wrote in an April 4 letter to the U.S. Treasury secretary. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Previous in Business Tourist numbers from Britain to Turkey could increase by 30 percent... Next in Business Leonid Mikhelson (above), co-owner of Russian gas producer Novatek,... DAILY SABAH RECOMMENDS Foreign investors expect swift realization of reforms Borsa Istanbul plans to begin trading shares of top rated TV series 'Diriliş Ertuğrul' Homepage Turkey Istanbul Ankara Education Investigations Minorities Expat Corner Politics Diplomacy Legislation War On Terror EU Affairs Elections World Mid-East Balkans Europe Americas Asia Pacific Africa Syrian Crisis İslamophobia Business Real Estate Automotive Economy Energy Finance Tourism Tech Defense Today’s Paper Illustration Gallery RSS Sports Football Basketball Motorsports Tennis Life Feature Health Environment Travel Food Fashion Science Religion History Arts Cinema Music Events Books Portrait Opinion Columns Op-Ed Reader's Corner Editorial Subscriptions Advertise Privacy About Us Contact Us
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine Trading the World Trading Nation Earth Week Investing in Megatrends My Success Story Iconic Tour Tech Transformers Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Fast Money Trades to make as the retail sector pops Luqman Adeniyi | @Luqman_Adeniyi 8 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES show chapters 12 ways to trade an over-stored retail sector    10 Hours Ago | 02:11 The "Fast Money" traders discuss their favorite retail stocks as the SPDR S&P Retail Sector ETF (XRT) popped 2 percent higher on Tuesday following renewed optimism on tax reform. Trader Brian Kelly said he likes Wal-Mart because the retailer is "addressing the structural shift that's going on" following its investment in e-commerce with its purchase of website Jet.com. Kelly also said he likes distribution facility developer and operator Prologis as a warehouse play. Trader Guy Adami said he likes Whole Foods because of the stock's performance. Shares of the food retailer jumped nearly 19 percent in the last 30 days. Trader Tim Seymour said people are spending money on renovations and home improvement as their wealth increases. Therefore he likes Home Depot, Lowes, Sherwin-Williams and Restoration Hardware. Disclosures: Tim Seymour is long ABX, AAPL, APC, AVP, BAC, BBRY, C, CLF, CVX, DO, DVYE, EDC, EWN, EWZ, F, FB, FCX, FXI, GM, GOOGL, GE, INTC, LQD, MOS, MCD, MUR, OIH, PG, RACE, RAI, RH, RL, SINA, SQ,T, TWTR, VALE, VZ, XOM. short: EEM, SPY, XRT; Tim's firm is long ABX, BABA, BIDU, CBD, CLF, EEM, EWZ, F, KO, MCD, MPEL, NKE, PEP, PF, TCEHY, SAVE, SBUX, SINA, VALE, VIAB, WMT, WEN, X, YHOO, short EWG, HYG, IWM BK is long Bitcoin, GE, GDX, HLF, TLT, TSLA, WMT. Dan Nathan is long GE, SPY May put spread, XLV long APR-June put spread, XLI long June put spread, XRT long April-June put spread. Guy Adami is long CELG, EXAS, GDX, INTC. Adami's wife, Linda Snow, works at Merck. Luqman AdeniyiNews Associate To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
newsnet5 Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Daily Forecast Hourly Forecast Live Storm Tracking Radar School Closings and Delays Live Cameras Tornado Safety Severe Weather Alerts Weather Videos Traffic + Gas Prices Traffic News Consumer + Contests Business Don’t Waste Your Money Consumer Reports Financial Fitness Zone ShopSmart News + Cleveland Metro Local News Akron-Canton Democracy 2016 Ohio Investigative National Health Decode DC Education PolitiFact E-Team Conquering Addiction Steve Stephens Coverage Entertainment + Celebrity Cle Rocks TV Guide The List My Ohio Community Calendar Crossword Sudoku Life + Mark's Garden My Ohio Tech Water Cooler Food & Dining Horoscope Pets Religion Sports + Browns Cavaliers OSU Indians HS Football Student Athlete Video + Live Video Video Vault 5 Live video 2 Best of the Class Right This Minute Photo Gallery Marketplace + Spotlight 5 Ohio Lottery Cleveland Auto News About Us + Staff Seen On 5 Our History Jobs Station Info Contact Us Advertising Blogs Support Current 53 Fog 3-Day Forecast HI: -° LO: 52° HI: -° LO: 52° HI: -° LO: 52° More Weather Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences Man-made issues partly to blame for Wednesday's extreme flooding across Northeast Ohio Megan Hickey 6:54 PM, Apr 20, 2017 6:58 PM, Apr 20, 2017 Share Article Previous Next FLOOD FIX: Man-made issues partly to blame for Wednesday’s extreme flooding Megan Ronsky Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next BROOKLYN, Ohio - Heavy rain played a major part in the serious flooding seen in parts of Northeast Ohio Wednesday night, but experts say urbanization is exacerbating the problem.  Rainwater temporarily turned streets and parking lots in Brooklyn and Parma into lakes on Wednesday night.  But according to Bob Gardin, Executive Director of Big Creek Connects,  the flooding near Sam’s Club on Brookpark Rd. was in part due to nearby infrastructure.  RELATED: Families rescued by boat from Sam's Club parking lot after heavy flooding Gardin said the Sam’s Club and Walmart were probably built too close to the creek. He also said the nearby bridge compounded the flooding.  “It’s too low to the stream,” he explained. “So the higher stream level, it ends up backing up and blocking the flow rate.”  He said Big Creek Connects, a greenway advocacy and watershed stewardship non-profit, is looking into modifying the bridge.  Gardin said green solutions like disconnecting your downspouts and diverting water into rain gardens could do a lot to prevent this type of flooding from happening again.   Meanwhile, homeowners in the Cambridge Village Neighborhood of Brecksville have fewer options after years of serious flooding.  RELATED: PHOTOS: Severe flooding strikes Northeast Ohio Megan Ronsky said she’d been asking the city for help for her serious flooding problems since 2014.  Cellphone video shows the floodwaters pouring into her backyard like a waterfall Wednesday night. Ronsky said they’ve paid tens of thousands of dollars in damages over the years.  “The water’s coming to us, it’s not our water that’s flooding us,” Ronsky said.  According to a 2015 letter from the Brecksville’s City Engineer, the water comes from 75 acres of mostly wooded area within the City of Broadview Heights Corporation Limits. The city suggested Ronsky construct a retention wall. She paid $8,000 to have one installed but it still didn’t save her home from flooding on Wednesday night.  The city said that upstream improvements such as a regional stormwater management facility would cost prohibitive.  Now Ronsky and her neighbors are at a loss for what to do.  “Why is it acceptable for Brecksville to allow its residents to live like this?” she said. “We can’t sleep at night.”    News 5 reached out to the City about concerns over the most recent round of flooding but as of Thursday night did not receive a response.   Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story TrafficNews Consumer Sports Entertainment Life Video Photo GalleryMarketplaceSupport News 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff Lottery Video Vault 5 Teacher of the Week Contests Community Calendar Academic Challenge Mark's Garden Student Athlete Grit TV 5.2 Laff TV 5.3 Mobile Apps News 5 iPhone iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Newsy iPhoneAndroid RokuAmazon Fire TV Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Suave Pours Some Shampoo In A Different Bottle, Tries To Trick ‘Beauty Influencers’ Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Suave Pours Some Shampoo In A Different Bottle, Tries To Trick ‘Beauty Influencers’ April 20, 2017 5:15 pm EDT By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup conditioner evaus influencers millennial peach sauve shampoo Unilever has apparently noticed that some young women are more concerned about what ingredients aren’t in their beauty products and sneer at the items sold in drug stores and big-box stores. It has responded with a campaign where it tricks a diverse cast of online “beauty influencers” into trying a new product with sleek packaging for two weeks. That product? Rebottled Suave. Looks familiar. Suave was repackaged as “evaus,” spelled without capital letters on a super-minimalist white and peach label. The bottles look awfully similar to shampoo and styling product bottles from Bumble and bumble, a brand that costs more than ten times as much as Suave. Or evaus. The packaging is an important part of how we perceive things as consumers, and Unilever seems to be targeting Millennial women who have substantial student loan payments, yet who also won’t be caught using personal care products that are available at Walmart. Unilever took the subterfuge as far as using the idea of a new premium brand to draw in reporters. A writer for Racked went to check out an event in New York City that promised to introduce “the newest brand in prestige hair care to launch from Unilever,” evaus. “I asked what the price point was and [a Unilever publicist] told me I’d learn more in the presentation, but that it was ‘definitely luxury,'” she wrote. The presentation was a video that showed Instagram-famous “beauty influencers,” including a professional hairstylist, who had tried the product and were shocked at how nicely their hair turned out. The lesson here? Cheryl Wischhover over at Racked thinks that the lesson Unilever should have taken home that it should redesign its packaging to be less garish, which would make it stand out on a shelf of other $3 shampoos. We all know that what’s inside and how it affects your hair counts, but our brains have been conditioned by years of marketing propaganda to believe that packaging signals which products are or aren’t for us. You can get a $1 off coupon for Suave products at the bottom of the Evaus campaign page if you want to give Unilever your contact information, though. April 20, 2017 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup conditioner evaus influencers millennial peach sauve shampoo Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related read the label before you weep There’s A Preservative That Can Give You An Awful, Itchy Rash — And It’s Probably In Your Bathroom slimming down Unilever Pledges To Cut 15% Of The Plastic From Every Bottle A Natural Deal Unilever Looking To Buy Jessica Alba’s Honest Co. For Around $1 Billion beauty boxes Sephora Launching A Beauty Sample Subscription Box Service no scrubs St. Ives Apricot Scrub Lawsuit Exposes Raging Controversy Over Product Next Tesla Will Recall 53,000 Model S, X Vehicles Over Parking Brake Issue Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Tesla Will Recall 53,000 Model S, X Vehicles Over Parking Brake Issue Return to Top Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Talking Points SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories 'John 3:16' found written on Aaron Hernandez’s forehead, law enforcement official says How sports spread a Bible verse to the masses Aaron Hernandez’s estate not likely to collect more money from Patriots Aaron Hernandez: A life squandered Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Talking points newsletter Mass. jobless rate up, Verizon loses customers, flying car debuts, more E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Gabriella Demczuk/The New York Times Internal Revenue Service Commissioner John Koskinen.   April 20, 2017 Welcome to Talking Points. Like Gronk at the White House, we’re excited to be here with today’s business news. Mass. jobless rate is up a tick. The I.R.S. is turning to private debt collectors. Bill O’Reilly is getting a $25 million severance. Verizon is losing cell customers to its competitors. And Jon Chesto has the scoop on a new book about Boston’s failed Olympic bid. Here’s all that and the roundup of today’s news for Thursday, April 20. Chesto means business Going for the gold: What can we learn from Boston’s flirtation with Olympic glory? It’s a logical question given the millions of dollars and countless hours that business leaders invested in the ultimately unsuccessful pursuit of the 2024 Olympics. This time, it’s the foes doing the asking. No Boston Olympics cofounder Chris Dempsey and Smith College economist Andrew Zimbalist wrote a book about Boston’s experience, also titled “No Boston Olympics,” with a launch event planned for April 28. The book is a comprehensive recap, albeit one told from a particular perspective. Among the tidbits that emerge: If the bid hadn’t collapsed, it’s unclear how long Dempsey’s group could have lasted on its shoestring budget. The villains aren’t clear cut, though the International Olympic Committee doesn’t get a flattering portrayal. The heroes are many. The authors single out Boston city council members for raising tough questions, including Tito Jackson, now running against Marty Walsh for mayor. Meanwhile, they don’t go lightly on the incumbent mayor and his role in giving Boston’s bid the traction to be picked by the US Olympic Committee. One warning Dempsey hopes Paris and Los Angeles can heed as they vie for the 2024 Games: the problems inherent in the “boosters’ dilemma.” Certain elements of a bid that can be good for the host community, such as taxpayer protections, can also hurt that city’s prospects with the IOC. There’s also a broader lesson, one that extends far beyond Olympics debates. For major urban projects, a broad consensus should be sought early on. The entire city should be invited to the table, not just those with seats because of their connections. Jon Chesto is a Globe reporter. Reach him at jon.chesto@globe.com and follow him on Twitter @jonchesto. Executive summary Stocks are up:US stocks rose about 174 points Thursday, driven by earnings reports and after Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin pledge the US will cut taxes and avoid a government shutdown. Mixed Mass report: The state jobless report was less rosy. Massachusetts' jobless rate inched up to 3.6 percent in March, as employers added just 200 jobs. The sector-by-sector report can be found here. The jobless rate increased from 3.4 percent in February, according to the state Office of Labor and Workforce Development. It remains well below the 4.5 percent national unemployment rate. The paltry job gains in March compared with increases of 10,100 jobs in February and 13,000 jobs in January.  On the national front:  People collecting unemployment checks fell to a 17-year low in the second week of April, a sign of a healthy labor market. The number collecting checks fell by 49,000 to 1.98 million, the least since April 2000. Meantime, there were 10,000 new jobless claims for the week ended April 15, bringing the seasonally adjusted new claims to 244,000. Can you hear me now?: Yes, I think they can. Verizon, that is. Rivals T-Mobile, Sprint, AT&T have been boasting in ads of their superiority to Verizon, long seen as the industry standard. Now, the once unimaginable has happened: Verizon reported its first quarterly loss of cell phone subscribers. The company lost more than 300,000 customers, and its wireless business revenue fell 5 percent. Verizon is trying to win back customers with an unlimited data plan it rolled out in February. Walmart lowers grocery prices: Walmart, the world's largest retailer is also a grocer. And its battle to undercut Amazon, Target and other rivals on grocery prices is paying off for US consumers. According to the Wall Street Journal: The price of groceries fell 1.3 percent last year, the greatest decline since 1959. Operating profits for US supermarkets declined about 5 percent last year. Serious debt: The I.R.S. is hiring private companies to track down debt deadbeats, a job it has so far handled itself. Consumer watchdogs are concerned about the new practice. The Education Department effectively fired one of the collection companies for deceptive practices. Supporters say it could collect $2.4 billion over the next 10 years. Trending pick Advertisement Wiley O'Reilly: Ousted Fox prime-time host Bill O'Reilly  could receive up to $25 million in severance , equal to one year's salary. The New York Times reported O'Reilly and Fox paid $13 million to settle claims of sexual harassment against the former "O'Reilly Factor" host, allegations O'Reilly denied. Line items F.C.C. eases TV ownership rules: GOP led vote will make mergers easier -- Bloomberg Sanofi Genzyme slapped with patent suit: Amgen unit Immunex sues over eczema drug -- Boston Business Journal White House, GOP at odds over Obamacare vote Trump expects House vote next Tuesday -- Bloomberg Want to get away? Do it in a flying car: $1 million vehicle debuts in 2020 -- Reuters Time's "most influential" made in Massachusetts: Chef Barbara Lynch and Harvard geneticist George Church -- Boston Globe and Boston Business Journal Celgene expands in Cambridge Leases leases 40k square feet in former Amgen space -- Boston Business Journal Get Today's Headlines in your inbox: The day's top stories delivered every morning. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here ICYMI Seeing justice done: Social media giant Facebook has been the target of public outrage for allowing toxic posts on its site. Most recently, it has come under fire after a video was posted on Easter Sunday showing the murder of an elderly Cleveland man. Facebook has promised to do better. In today's Globe, columnist Hiawatha Bray had some ideas. He proposes increasing the penalties against people who post videos depicting or live-streaming crimes. People would get extra years in prison, just as they would if convicted of a hate crime.   But how would Facebook find these offensive videos or live streams? There’s a Seattle company, Dextro, founded by a former top official at local company iRobot. The technology uses artificial intelligence to recognize video and live stream content in real time. It can distinguish between someone holding a football and someone holding a gun, and notify Facebook. Sound overwhelming? Facebook could prioritize newly posted videos or live streams. Facebook users also can help. If you see something, don’t share it. Report it to Facebook. This Talking Points newsletter is compiled by Edward Mason. Follow him on Twitter at @EBMason. If you liked what you’ve read, please tell your friends tosign up. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC You're reading  1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week Subscribe Now > You're reading1 of 5 free articles.Keep scrolling to see more articles recomended for you Subscribe now You're reading 1 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 2 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 3 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 4 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now You're reading 5 of 5 free articles. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Today: April 21, 2017, 9:00 am ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES Your current selected language is German Click below to switsch to English ﻿ HOME SIGN UP! NEW PRESS RELEASE CATEGORIES ﻿ Business Murphy USA Announces Pricing of Notes Offering PR-Inside.com: 2017-04-21 00:01:02 EL DORADO, Arkansas, April 20, 2017 - Murphy USA (NYSE: MUSA) announced today that it has priced its previously announced offering of $300 million aggregate principal amount of 5.625% senior notes due 2027 (the "Notes") by its wholly owned subsidiary, Murphy Oil USA, Inc. ("Murphy Oil USA"). The Notes will be guaranteed on a senior unsecured basis by Murphy USA and by certain of Murphy USA's domestic subsidiaries. The Notes will be issued at an issue price of 100.000%. The offering is expected to close on April 25, 2017. Murphy USA intends to use the first $250 million of net proceeds from the offering for general corporate purposes. The remainder of the net proceeds will be used to pay down amounts outstanding under Murphy USA's senior credit facilities. J.P. Morgan Securities LLC and Stephens Inc. are acting as joint book-running managers for the offering. The offering is being made under an automatic shelf registration statement on Form S-3 (Registration No. 333-213416) filed by Murphy USA with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC") and only by means of a prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus. Before investing, you should read the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus and other documents Murphy USA has filed with the SEC for more complete information about Murphy Oil USA and this offering. An investor may obtain free copies of the prospectus supplement and accompanying prospectus by visiting EDGAR on the SEC website, www.sec.gov, or by contacting: J.P. Morgan Securities LLC, c/o Broadridge Financial Solutions, 1155 Long Island Avenue, Edgewood, NY 11717, telephone: 1-866-803-9204; or Stephens Inc., 111 Center Street, Little Rock, AR 72201, attn: Fixed Income Syndicate, toll-free: 1-800-643-9691. This press release does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy the securities described herein, nor shall there be any sale of these securities in any jurisdiction in which such an offer, solicitation or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or qualification under the securities laws of any such jurisdiction. About Murphy USA Murphy USA (NYSE:MUSA) is a leading retailer of gasoline and convenience merchandise with more than 1,400 stations located primarily in the Southwest, Southeast and Midwest United States. The company and its team of over 9,000 employees serve an estimated 1.6 million customers each day through its network of retail gasoline stations in 26 states. The majority of Murphy USA's sites are located in close proximity to Walmart stores. The company also markets gasoline and other products at standalone stores under the Murphy Express brand.  Murphy USA ranks 258 among Fortune 500 companies. Forward-Looking Statements Certain statements in this news release contain or may suggest "forward-looking statements" within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995.  These statements express management's current views concerning future events or results, including without limitation our anticipated growth strategy, particularly  with respect to our Walmart relationship and plans to build additional sites, and our ability to generate revenues, including through the sale of Renewable Identification Numbers, which are subject to inherent risks and uncertainties. Factors that could cause one or more of these forecasted events not to occur include, but are not limited to, a  deterioration in the business or prospects of the U.S. retail marketing business, adverse developments in the U.S. retail marketing business's markets or adverse developments in the U.S. or global capital markets, credit markets or economies generally, the volatility and level of crude oil, corn and other commodity prices, the volatility and level of  gasoline  prices, customer demand for our products, disruptions in our relationship with Walmart, political and regulatory developments that may be adverse to us, and uncontrollable  natural hazards or any of the other factors set forth under the caption "Risk Factors" in the prospectus supplement and the Annual Report on Form 10-K for the fiscal year ended December 31, 2016 incorporated by reference therein. As a result you should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements.  If any of the forecasted events does not occur for any reason, our business, results of operation, cash flows and/or financial condition may be materially adversely affected. The company undertakes no obligation to update or revise any forward-looking statements to reflect subsequent events, new information or future circumstances.  Investor Contact: Christian Pikul - Director of Investor Relations Christian.Pikul@murphyusa.com Office - 870-875-7683 Joe Van Cavage - Investor Relations Analyst Joe.VanCavage@murphyusa.com Office - 870-875-7522 This announcement is distributed by Nasdaq Corporate Solutions on behalf of Nasdaq Corporate Solutions clients. The issuer of this announcement warrants that they are solely responsible for the content, accuracy and originality of the information contained therein. Source: Murphy USA Inc. via Globenewswire # 944 Words Related Articles More From The Author Tech Mahindra Expands Relationship with Covisint to [..] Global Partnership Drives Digital Business Transformation by Securely Connecting Complete Ecosystems of People, Systems and [..] Heineken Holding N.V. Annual General Meeting of [..] Amsterdam, 20 April 2017 - Heineken Holding N.V. announced today that its Annual General Meeting of Shareholders (AGM) has adopted [..] Heineken N.V. Annual General Meeting adopts all [..] Amsterdam, 20 April 2017 - Heineken N.V. announced today that its Annual General Meeting (AGM) has adopted all proposals on [..] Head to Iceland on the Land Rover [..] Customers of Mytyres.co.uk : This Smart News Release features multimedia. View the full release here. During the six-day Experience [..] Stolt-Nielsen Limited : Stolt-Nielsen Limited Holds Annual [..] LONDON, April 20, 2017 - Stolt-Nielsen Limited (Oslo Børs: SNI) announced today that all agenda items were approved and all [..]   More From Business China Skinny Free Email Course Offers Insights [..] China Skinny has created a five-day email course for brands and individuals looking to learn more about the Chinese market [..] Asia's Largest Spring Electronics Fair and ICT [..] New Startup Zone & Tech Hall Showcase Cutting-edge, Smart Products HONG KONG, Apr 13, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - The [..] Modern Land Maintains "B+" by Fitch Ratings, [..] HONG KONG, Apr 13, 2017 - (ACN Newswire) - A leading real estate developer of green technological properties - Modern [..] Blue Harbour Property Management Introduces A Client [..] Blue Harbour Property Management introduces a client referral program for realtors. Do you have clients who have tried selling their [..] Legend Holdings' net profit increased 4.3% to [..] Strategic Focus on Three Sectors and Overseas, coupled with efficient "Post-investment Management + Services", Boosting [..] Disclaimer: If you have any questions regarding information in this press release please contact the company added in the press release. Please do not contact pr-inside. We will not be able to assist you. PR-inside disclaims the content included in this release. ﻿ Home Sign Up! New Press Release Categories Terms Of Service Privacy About Us Contact Us                
Financial PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Subscribe News Economy Economy TrendingBombardier | Taxes | Brexit | NAFTA | Canadian dollar | Family Finance Currency traders spot fatal flaw in Republicans’ border tax plan Andrea Wong, Bloomberg News | April 19, 2017 10:05 AM ET More from Bloomberg News Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon In Washington D.C., one of the selling points of an ambitious border-tax plan rests on a key economic assumption: The dollar will appreciate enough to offset any increase in the cost of cheap, imported goods that so many Americans have come to rely on. It’s just Econ 101, backed by well-established macroeconomic theory. But on Wall Street, traders and strategists who make a living in the $5.1-trillion-a-day currency market say such notions are preposterous. Even if congressional Republicans can set aside their differences to pass the proposed border-adjusted tax — a prospect that seems more remote with each passing day — you’d be hard-pressed to find anyone in the market who believes it will result in the greenback strengthening 25 percent, as the plan suggests. Part of the reason has to do with what they see as a misinterpretation of the underlying theory when applied to the real world. But just as important is the fundamental failure of politicians to appreciate how unpredictable the vast, foreign-exchange market can be, especially when global economic drivers collide and trillions of dollars change hands every day. “The FX market is the most difficult thing to forecast, and to build an inter-generational tax reform based on the assumption of what the FX market will do is a laughable notion,” David Woo, the head of global rates and FX strategy at Bank of America, said in a Bloomberg TV interview. Related Someone tried to own ‘take off, eh’: Secrets from the Canadian trademarks database John Ivison: Whoops! Liberals might have peaked too early on the economy How the dollar responds is certain to have consequences that extend far beyond the currency market. If it fails to appreciate as Republicans expect, consumers and retailers that rely on imported goods (think Wal-Mart and Best Buy) will be hard hit and slow economic growth. Currency appreciation is also a key political defense in arguing the plan — which taxes imports and exempts exports — isn’t protectionist and doesn’t violate World Trade Organization rules, as a stronger dollar levels the playing field between foreign and domestic products. In fact, the dollar has given up most of its gains since the November election, which gave Donald Trump and the Republicans control of both the White House and Congress, partly as hopes for a quick passage of a comprehensive tax reform bill waned. For Woo, it all boils down to simple math. Daily trading of goods and services between the U.S. and the rest of the world averages about $14 billion. That amounts to 0.3 percent of the $4.4 trillion in dollars transacted in the global currency market each day. In short, little more than rounding error. Much of the ebb and flow in currencies are dictated by the vagaries of traders as they respond to changes in monetary policy, economic growth and political risk. At times, it can cause the dollar to veer away from levels that economists would consider rational using measures like purchasing power parity. To think that the dollar simply turns on trade policy would be naïve at best, Woo says. Strong Assumptions Federal Reserve Chair Janet Yellen has voiced similar concerns. “There is more than trade that affects a country’s exchange rate,” Yellen said in congressional testimony in February. “A strong set of assumptions is needed to believe that markets would fully offset those changes” caused by the border-adjusted tax. To be fair, it’s not as if House Republican leaders are just making it up. The plan’s assumptions about the dollar — that it will rise just enough to bring down after-tax import prices relative to locally produced goods — are rooted in a macroeconomic principle popularized by John Maynard Keynes in the late 1930s known as the “national income identity.” In its simplest form, it describes how a country such as the U.S. that saves less than it invests must automatically run a trade deficit. With a proposed border tax of 20 percent, the U.S. currency would then have to appreciate 25 percent to restore the trade balance by increasing the purchasing power of the dollars used to buy imports, and reducing the competitiveness of American exports. Real World House Speaker Paul Ryan, a key proponent of the Republican border tax proposal, said in February that the dollar’s rise is “obvious and mathematical.” Spokeswoman AshLee Strong pointed to those remarks when asked to comment for this story. It’s all straightforward in theory, but in the real world, it’s anything but. According to JPMorgan Chase, adoption of a border tax could trigger tensions with trading partners or outright retaliation. What’s more, the appreciation that Republicans promise may be delivered in the form of inflation instead of a stronger dollar. That happens when retailers pass on the tax to consumers or when sellers of locally produced goods raise prices to take advantage of increased demand. So it’s really the inflation-adjusted dollar (often known as the real exchange rate) that adjusts rather than the nominal rate, which JPMorgan estimates may rise as little as 6 percent versus major trading partners. “The theory is only sound as it describes the real exchange rate, not the nominal exchange rate,” said Daniel Hui, a global FX strategist at JPMorgan. Known Unknown Of course, there’s no way to know for certain how currencies will respond to a border tax because no system in the world is quite like it. And economists from Alan Auerbach of the University of California at Berkeley, to those at the Peterson Institute for International Economics point to a provision in the tax proposal that allows U.S. manufacturers to deduct the wages they pay from their taxable income, which could lessen consumer-price pressures and instead may lead to a stronger dollar. “A wide range of respected economists believe that the dollar will appreciate substantially and quickly,” said Emily Schillinger, a spokeswoman for Kevin Brady, the Republican chairman of the tax-writing House Ways and Means Committee. “Additionally, our pro-growth tax reform plan will create jobs, grow our economy and ensure that Americans’ dollars go further.” To UBS Wealth Management’s Thomas Flury, a number of risks could ultimately weaken the dollar. If local manufacturers fail to grab market share from importers, economic output could slow and force the Fed to ease up on the pace of its interest-rate hikes. Americans may just end up spending less. The dollar depends on “how the Fed reacts,” said Flury, the global head of currency strategy at UBS’s Chief Investment Office. “At least in the beginning of the transition, you have to expect slower growth.” With assistance from Lynnley Browning Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Economy, News, S&P Find a Story Stock Search News Videos Featured Contributor Drew Hasselbach Economics Reporter Read Drew's recent articles Pam Heaven Economy News Producer Read Pam's recent articles Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Wal-Mart CEO pay rises 13 percent to $22.4 million: filing Reuters 9 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Without O'Reilly, Fox News faces its toughest test Sears is quietly closing more stores than it said it would © REUTERS/Joshua Roberts President and CEO of Walmart Doug McMillon takes part in a strategic and policy CEO discussion with U.S. President Donald Trump in the Eisenhower Execution Office Building in Washington Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) Chief Executive Doug McMillon's pay rose 13 percent to $22.4 million in the fiscal year ended Jan. 31, according to a regulatory filing on Thursday. The total compensation, which included cash and stock, compared with $19.8 million he made the previous year, according to the filing to the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. McMillon, took over the top job at Wal-Mart in February 2014. (Reporting by Nandita Bose in Chicago; editing by Diane Craft) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters Kill rewards, fake crime scenes: Police detail Duterte's drug war Reuters California's 'weed nuns' on a mission to heal with cannabis Reuters French police hunting second suspect after Paris attack: official Reuters Reuters View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Boot up fast with HP Wave (128GB SSD + 1TB HDD) Save $200 on Surface Book Intel i5 | Windows 10 The future is here! Use this phone as a full PC Only $479, perfect for travel! ( i5 & 1TB HDD ) Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
  closeDonate wbur Bostonomix About Twitter Archive Play Listen Live Explore Audio Schedule Programs + Sections Search Support Events About WBUR Contact Us On Point Here & Now Radio Boston Only A Game Modern Love CommonHealth Cognoscenti The ARTery Live: BBC NewsdayPlay 15sRepeatPlay15sForward /00:00Playing Live Close BBC Newsday Value this story? Donate wbur Bostonomix Donate Search Menu Support the news   What Blockchain Is, And Why Some Experts Say It's As Revolutionary As The Internet April 20, 2017 By Asma Khalid Share closemore IBM Blockchain user interface designers Dante Guintu, left, and Andrea Lee work on secure blockchain apps at IBM San Francisco in February 2016. (George Nikitin/Feature Photo Service for IBM, via AP) Tech experts say it's the next major revolution that could change our lives as drastically as the internet once did. (I know, it's hard to fathom, but try to think back to card catalogs.) It's called "blockchain" and was the subject of a recent event organized by the MIT Technology Review. If you're not familiar with the concept, read on. We hope to answer some basic questions. What is the blockchain? If you've ever tried to run a business, you're probably familiar with the idea of a ledger -- a written list of transactions (think Excel or an old-school balance sheet in a binder). Essentially every multinational corporation or small Mom and Pop business uses ledgers to track sales and expenses. In the most basic form, a blockchain refers to a shared digital ledger. "It's a global ledger that can record any transaction, and it'll keep that transaction and all the details associated with that transaction secure," explained Jalak Jobanputra, who runs Future Perfect Ventures, an early-stage venture capital fund that focuses on investments in blockchain technology. And by having this system digital and public, blockchain advocates say it makes it easier to prove, track, trust and audit transactions. Related audio Blockchain got its start as the underlying technology behind Bitcoin, a decentralized digital cryptocurrency created in 2009. But while Bitcoin has had ups and downs over the years, for Neha Narula, who leads the Digital Currency Initiative at the MIT Media Lab, Bitcoin proved it was possible to send payments from one person to another securely without a "trusted third party." "We just quite simply hadn't seen that before," Narula said. "We'd never seen digital money transfer without a bank being involved and now we see it. And it's pretty cool and it's given us a lot of ideas for other things we could do." Why is this tech considered so revolutionary?  Tech experts say the blockhain can be used for so much more than Bitcoin. For example: It's being used by a startup called Everledger to track diamonds (so fake rocks and blood diamonds can be found more easily); it's being used by Walmart and IBM in China to track pork (so recalling contaminated food would be easier to handle); and it could be used in our modern banking system (so that you could more easily and securely transfer money between bank accounts). It's the potential to cut out the middleman and create a digital record, more than the current reality of Bitcoin, that excites tech experts. "In a world where we trust our institutions less and less, having technologies that help us conduct business and get things done without needing to depend on central third parties seems ever more important," said Brian Behlendorf, the director of hyperledger, an umbrella project for open source blockchains. Many companies and startups compare the blockchain world to the early days of the internet -- it's decentralized and permission-less. "It's in some ways a little less sexy, a little harder to understand [than the internet], but for the people who get it, this suddenly becomes exciting," said Behlendorf, who believes this technology will revolutionize transactions the way the internet revolutionized communication. OK, so if this is akin to the early days of the internet, where are we in that timeline?  I asked this question to a few different people working in the blockchain arena, and here's what they said. Behlendorf: I'd say it's '95/'96, we're still before seeing a lot of return on the investments people are making in this space ... but the value is becoming evident ... but even in those early days, there was still this — why should we bother? Why should we make this happen? Amber Baldet, who leads blockchain efforts at JP Morgan: I don't think it's the '90s, I think it's closer to the late '60s. I keep a diagram behind my desk of ARPANET in 1969 ... the proto-internet of these kinds of closed networks at the time that were completely academic. And those architectural diagrams look remarkably similar to the pilot ... diagrams that are connecting a couple of banks [in a blockchain]. So I think we're really in that early of a days of the internet. But if you accept that the rate of technological change has increased ... we'll probably see an explosion of innovation within the blockchain space over the next five, 10 to 20 years. Narula: I think we're actually in the '80s, we've got a ways to go. And what I mean by that is we're still figuring out some really basic underlying protocols. ... This is the stage where there's a bunch of nerds sitting at Berkeley and MIT and CMU and UCLA who are sending each other emails, that's the stage we're at. But for Narula there's one key difference that makes this moment kind of "weird" and "scary." "Back then it was a bunch of scientists, you know, working in universities and government-funded research labs. No one was paying attention," she said. "Now, you've had all this attention ... every major bank has people focusing on blockchain." Experts say roughly $1 billion of venture capital money went toward blockchain startups in 2015. And Narula's not sure what that investment money means for the technology. Blockchain bubble?  Back in 2014, Felix Salmon, a financial journalist and a high-profile Bitcoin skeptic, made a bet on NPR's "Planet Money" that bitcoin was a bubble that would burst. It hasn't popped yet, but it also hasn't become commonplace. According to the 2015 Survey of Consumer Payment Choice by the Federal Reserve of Boston, less than half of Americans had heard of any form of virtual currency. (Here's more from the Boston Fed on awareness of virtual currencies.) Still, even if Bitcoin fails, it's the underlying technology that could be resilient and revolutionary. But how revolutionary is the question? Earth-shattering or just merely important. "The Bitcoin client is about 30,000 lines of code," Emin Gün Sirer, a professor at Cornell University, said at the MIT Tech Review conference. And he points out that in general code is "buggy." Gün Sirer has been researching ways in which the blockchain can fail. And while he believes blockchains "offer a completely different way of looking at the world and completely transforming it," he's also concerned some of the million-dollar VC funding is hype. Asma Khalid Reporter Asma Khalid leads WBUR's BostonomiX - a new biz/tech team covering the innovation economy. More… +Join the discussion Share View comment(s) More from Bostonomix   Support the news Support WBUR Donate Your Car Make A Donation Become A Member Programming Ways To Listen On-Air Schedule Download Our App Community Upcoming Events Volunteer Newsletters About WBUR Contact Us Meet The Staff Jobs & Internships © Copyright WBUR 2017 Connect with WBUR
Crisis-ridden Venezuela gave $500K to Trump inauguration - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Crisis-ridden Venezuela gave $500K to Trump inauguration Posted: Thursday, April 20, 2017 5:32 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, April 20, 2017 8:33 PM EDT Venezuela faces shortages of food, water, medicine, electricity and money. But its state-run oil company -- through a subsidiary -- donated $500,000 to President Trump's inauguration committee on December 22, 2016. By Patrick Gillespie and Flora Charner NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Venezuela faces shortages of food, water, medicine, electricity and money. But its state-run oil company -- through a subsidiary -- donated $500,000 to President Trump's inauguration committee on December 22, 2016. That equals what Pepsi, Verizon and Walmart donated combined, according to Federal Election Commission records released Wednesday as deadly protests raged across Venezuela. The donation to Trump's inauguration committee was made by Citgo Petroleum, a subsidiary of Venezuela's state-run oil company, PDVSA. The country's citizens face a litany of crises -- from food and medical shortages to extremely violent crime. "It is an amazing amount of money that could have fed a lot of your population for the month," says Russ Dallen, managing partner of Caracas Capital, an investing firm based in Miami. Venezuela's state-run oil giant, PDVSA, bought Citgo in the 1980s. When the late President Hugo Chavez took power in 1999, Citgo was a huge money maker for the country. Venezuela is home to the world's largest proven oil reserves, which once made PDVSA and Citgo major players in the energy world. During Chavez's presidency, he provided free heating to poor neighborhoods in New York and smaller Caribbean and Central American countries. But with low oil prices and mismanaged resources, the company and country's debts are now piling up as Venezuela runs out of cash. For the rest of this year, Venezuela and PDVSA collectively owe about $6 billion in debt payments. The central bank has only $10 billion in reserves, and much of it isn't even in cash but in gold bars. No wonder, the prospect of Venezuela defaulting on its debt has risen. But like the donation to Trump, the country's leader President Nicolas Maduro's spending priorities are being called into question. So far his government has decided to pay down its debts over feeding its people. The donation to the inauguration has also not helped Maduro earn any favors in the White House. Trump met with the wife of Maduro's jailed political opponent Leopoldo Lopez in the White House in February and tweeted that he should be freed. This past week, the country has been racked by massive protests that were met with force by Venezuelan security forces. At least three people have been killed. "It's very clear he's putting money behind his priorities, but those don't necessarily include the population of the country, in terms of food, medicine, safety," says Eric Farnsworth, vice president at the Council of the Americas. Food imports to Venezuela dropped 50% last year, according to trade statistics. Venezuelans living in extreme poverty lost an average of 21 pounds of weight last year due to lack of food, according to ENCOVI, a polling firm in Venezuela. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Crime updated: 4/20/2017 4:32 PM Fox Valley police reports Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Kane County • An HP laptop and two cases of soda, valued at $310, were reported stolen at 6:43 a.m. Tuesday from an unlocked minivan on the 34W600 block of Elm Court near St. Charles. • Gym shoes and a backpack worth $200 were reported stolen from a car on the 34W600 block of Roosevelt Road near St. Charles at 7:22 a.m. Tuesday. • An iPhone 6S Plus was stolen between 4 and 4:15 p.m. Tuesday from a residence on the 1400 block of Wermes Avenue near Aurora. • A 16-foot ladder valued at $200 was reported stolen from the 400 block of South Farnsworth Avenue near Aurora at 5 p.m. Monday. • An estimated $1,300 in damage was discovered at 5 p.m. Monday at the former Glenwood School, 41W400 Silver Glen Road, near Campton Hills. Intruders broke into the school, set off fire extinguishers, broke windows and screens, and damaged a phone and exercise equipment. Geneva • A DeWalt saw, grinder and rechargeable battery were stolen out of the unlocked bed of a pickup truck between 5 p.m. April 3 and 7:30 a.m. April 4 on Brittany Court. • Jenna M. Wagner, 18, of the 600 block of Campbell Street, Geneva, was charged with possession of cannabis at 1:27 a.m. April 1 on the 800 block of James Street, police said. • Joel S. Parker, 47, of the 900 block of Kindberg Court, Elburn, was charged with driving under the influence of alcohol, resisting a peace officer, driving without lights and disregarding a traffic control device at 1:36 a.m. March 31 in the 400 block of West State Street, police said. They say he pulled his hands away when an officer was trying to handcuff him and would not get into the squad car when ordered. Batavia • William Nicholas Blatchford, 28, of the 24100 block of Merlot Lane, Plainfield, was charged with retail theft at 6:44 p.m. Tuesday at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, police said. • Ariel L. Waver, 21, of the 1300 block of Johnstone Drive, Batavia, was charged with driving under the influence of alcohol, disobeying a traffic control device, failure to signal a turn or lane change, possession of cannabis and possession of drug paraphernalia at 10:25 p.m. Tuesday on Cleveland Avenue, police said. • Jack P. Kuplic, age not given, of the 600 block of Papermill Hill Drive, Batavia, was charged with speeding, possession of drug paraphernalia and possession of cannabis at 11:38 p.m. Sunday on South Kirk Road, police said. • Michael W. Vera, 34, of the 200 block of West New York Street, Aurora, was charged with retail theft at 12:10 p.m. April 14 at Wal-Mart, 801 N. Randall Road, police said. • A bicycle was stolen out of a rack between 3 and 6:15 p.m. April 14 at a shopping center in the 100 block of South Randall Road. • Zaid Rodriguez, 23, of the 2700 block of Jenna Circle, Montgomery, was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia at 6:12 p.m. April 12 in the 100 block of South Randall Road, police said. • Stephanie Olalde, 23, of the 600 block of Seneca Drive, Aurora, was charged with possession of cannabis, possession of drug paraphernalia, speeding and driving without a valid license at 8:34 p.m. April 11 in the 500 block of South Randall Road, police said. • Jazzlyn E. Smith, age not given, of the 400 block of Hoover Drive, Carpentersville, was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia, transportation of open alcohol and speeding at 9:20 p.m. April 8 in the 900 block of South Kirk Road, police said. A police report indicated she had an open bottle of cognac, a glass pipe and a grinder. • Diana A. Hawkins, 21, of the 8700 block of South 87th Terrace, Justice, was charged with possession of cannabis at 3:46 p.m. April 8 in the 1000 block of East Wilson Street, police said. • An engagement ring was stolen April 1 at the Michealsen Health Center, 831 N. Batavia Ave. Tweet This article filed under: News Aurora Batavia Campton Hills Carpentersville Elburn Geneva Montgomery St. Charles Police Blotter Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market 2017-2021 LONDON, April 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — About IPIN Indoor positioning and indoor navigation (IPIN) technology make use of sensors, magnetic positioning, and Bluetooth low energy (BLE) technology to precisely track users indoors. IPIN can help people navigate indoors in places such as hospitals, museums, and university campuses. Indoor positioning systems depend on three parameters, namely the dynamic positioning system platform, beacons that broadcast signals to smartphones, and the apps that make the systems indispensable to consumers. BLE beacons that assist indoor positioning are inexpensive; it is also easy to install and maintain them. American Airlines, Walmart, Coca-Cola, Apple, Macy’s stores, Lord & Taylor stores, and Nivea are key organizations that are already experiencing the benefits of the BLE positioning system. Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4821862/ Technavio’s analysts forecast the global IPIN market to grow at a CAGR of 58.90% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global IPIN market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the use of the IPIN applications, the sales of the BLE-based beacons globally during the forecast period. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: – Americas – APAC – EMEA Technavio’s report, Global IPIN Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors – Google – Apple – Here – Micello Other prominent vendors – Beaconinside – bluepath – GiPStech – MazeMap – Nextome – Pinmicro – Pointr – shopkick – Spreo Market driver – High penetration of mobile computing devices. – For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge – Lack of awareness about IPIN technology. – For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend – Growing popularity of cloud-based big data analytics. – For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report – What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? – What are the key market trends? – What is driving this market? – What are the challenges to market growth? – Who are the key vendors in this market space? – What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? – What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Methodology Download the full report: https://www.reportbuyer.com/product/4821862/ About Reportbuyer Reportbuyer is a leading industry intelligence solution that provides all market research reports from top publishers http://www.reportbuyer.com For more information: Sarah Smith Research Advisor at Reportbuyer.com Email: query@reportbuyer.com Tel: +44 208 816 85 48 Website: www.reportbuyer.com To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-indoor-positioning-and-indoor-navigation-ipin-market-2017-2021-300443101.html SOURCE ReportBuyer Related Links http://www.reportbuyer.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Le Crédit Mutuel et IBM Watson mettent la technologie au service des personnes Next PostNext AEP Schedules Live Webcast Of Quarterly Earnings Call Search Recent Posts Global Dasatinib Market Forecast to 2022 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure Global and China Automotive Seat Motor Industry Report, 2016-2020 Titan International, Inc. To Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results On May 4 Royal Caribbean To Hold Conference Call On First Quarter 2017 Earnings Darunavir Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Miss USA Deshauna Barber Headlines Goodwill® Summit To Help Veterans And Military Families Build Their Careers ROCKVILLE, Md., April 20, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — Deshauna Barber, a captain in the U.S. Army Reserve and Miss USA 2016, will serve as a keynote speaker and participate in the Goodwill for America’s Heroes Summit on Saturday, April 22, 2017, at the Royal Sonesta Hotel Houston. Workforce development professionals who work for local Goodwill organizations across the United States will meet during the all-day summit to discuss strategies to help veterans and military families build their skills, grow in their careers, partner with local employers and provide support services for people transitioning from military to civilian life. WHO: Goodwill Industries International and Goodwill Industries of Houston will host the Goodwill for America’s Heroes Summit. WHAT: Captain Deshauna Barber, the current Miss USA, will speak to Goodwill professionals from around the United States, who are meeting in Houston to discuss ways to help veterans and military families find jobs and successfully transition to civilian life.  She will also participate in the all-day summit to share her experiences and take part in workshops to strengthen programs that help veterans and military families. WHEN: Captain Barber’s remarks will take place on Saturday, April 22, 2017, from 9:30 – 10 a.m. Visuals include Captain Barber speaking and interacting with Summit participants. Captain Barber will have some time to do some one-on-one interviews with interested media prior to her remarks. Please contact the appropriate media contacts (information below) to reserve a time slot. WHERE: Royal Sonesta Hotel Houston, 2222 West Loop S, Houston, TX 77027. Google map link: https://goo.gl/maps/VggqxZhTdUm    WHY: The men and women who bravely serve our country deserve every chance to succeed when they return home. Some need assistance transitioning to the civilian workforce and find jobs to support themselves and their families. Since World War I, local, independent Goodwill organizations have helped veterans find jobs and transition their careers from the military to civilian life. Since 2012, Goodwill has served veterans and military families through the Operation: GoodJobs program funded by the Walmart Foundation. Operation: GoodJobs links veterans and their family members to careers with self-sustaining wages and facilitates holistic resources to support both veterans and their families’ personal, career and financial goals. „Goodwill is thankful for Captain Barber’s service to our country, and we look forward to learning from her experience as we help veterans build their work skills and transition to the civilian workforce,” said Jim Gibbons, president and CEO of Goodwill Industries International. About Goodwill Industries International Goodwill Industries International (GII) is a network of 162 community-based, autonomous organizations in the United States and Canada with a presence in 13 other countries. GII is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit that is recognized by GuideStar with its Platinum Seal of Approval, the organization’s highest rating for charities. GII was also ranked by Enso as the #1 brand doing the most good in the world, and was the only nonprofit brand rated in Forbes‚ 20 most inspiring companies for three consecutive years. Local Goodwill organizations are innovative and sustainable social enterprises that create job training programs, employment placement and other community-based programs by selling donated clothing and household items in more than 3,200 stores collectively and online at shopgoodwill.com®. Local Goodwill organizations also build revenue and create jobs by contracting with businesses and government to provide a wide range of commercial services, including packaging and assembly, food services preparation, and document imaging and shredding. To learn more, visit goodwill.org. For more information or to find a Goodwill location near you, use the online locator at Goodwill.org or call (800) GOODWILL. Follow us on Twitter: @GoodwillIntl and @GoodwillCapHill, and find us on Facebook: GoodwillIntl or Instagram: GoodwillIntl.   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/miss-usa-deshauna-barber-headlines-goodwill-summit-to-help-veterans-and-military-families-build-their-careers-300443109.html SOURCE Goodwill Industries International Related Links http://www.goodwill.org/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsNot For Profit, Veterans Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ASTHO Applauds Administration’s Commitment to Combat the Opioid Epidemic Next PostNext Ohio Constitutional Challenge Settled Before Deadline for U.S. Supreme Court Review Search Recent Posts Global Dasatinib Market Forecast to 2022 with Key Companies Profile, Supply, Demand, Cost Structure Global and China Automotive Seat Motor Industry Report, 2016-2020 Titan International, Inc. To Announce First Quarter 2017 Financial Results On May 4 Royal Caribbean To Hold Conference Call On First Quarter 2017 Earnings Darunavir Market Growth by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application, Forecast Analysis to 2022 Proudly powered by WordPress
Politics Entertainment World U.S. Tech Arts + Culture Drink + Food Style Photo Illustration by Sarah Rogers/The Daily Beast POISON PILL Cherokee Nation Sues Opioid Distributors, Retailers for Drug Epidemic The tribe’s lawyers claim the companies ‘consciously oversupplied’ the market in and around Cherokee Nation with highly addictive prescription opioids. Olivia Messer 04.20.17 8:15 PM ET The Cherokee Nation has filed a lawsuit in tribal court accusing the country’s top pharmacies and drug distributors of pumping its 14 counties in northeastern Oklahoma with highly addictive pain pills, endangering its citizens. Lawyers claim that the companies—McKesson, Cardinal Health, AmerisourceBergen, CVS Health, Walgreens, and Walmart—“consciously oversupplied” the market in and around Cherokee Nation with prescription opioids, used unsafe distribution and dispensing practices, and failed to report suspicious orders. Combined, McKesson, Cardinal Health, and AmerisourceBergen control about 85 percent of prescription drug distribution in the nation. The suit claims the companies were negligent in their actions and broke sovereign Cherokee law when failing to prevent the flow of the drugs to the black market. “It’s a problem for the entire country,” Chuck Hoskin, the secretary of state for Cherokee Nation, told Stat News. “But we are up against it in Cherokee Country.” For adults within the Cherokee Nation, overdose deaths now outnumber deaths due to car accidents. By their senior year of high school, almost 13 percent of American Indian teens have already used OxyContin. In general, American Indians are more likely than other racial or ethnic group in the United States to die from drug-induced deaths, the suit claims. “These impacts are so severe, cumulatively, that Defendants’ conduct threatens to decimate the Cherokee Nation,” the 54-page filing says. There are about 177,000 Cherokee Nation citizens who live within the 14 counties. Oklahoma currently leads the nation in the abuse of prescription painkillers. According to the Drug Enforcement Agency, more than 2.75 billion milligrams of opioids were distributed in the state in 2015. “Tribal nations have survived disease, removal from our homelands, termination and other adversities, and still we prospered,” said Cherokee Nation Principal Chief Bill John Baker, in a press release. “However, I fear the opioid epidemic is emerging as the next great challenge of our modern era.” This case is the first of its kind in the U.S., according to the suit. No other Indian nation has ever sought damages for the disproportionate harm caused by pain pills in its community. Baker said, “As we fight this epidemic in our hospitals, our schools and our Cherokee homes, we will also use our legal system to make sure the companies, who put profits over people while our society is crippled by this epidemic, are held responsible for their actions.” The civil action doesn’t name a specific dollar amount but seeks injunctive relief, as well as compensatory and punitive damages. The suit claims the companies “turned a blind eye to the problem of opioid diversion and profited from the sale of prescription opioids to the citizens of the Cherokee Nation in quantities that far exceeded the number of prescriptions that could reasonably have been used for legitimate medical purposes.” Get The Beast In Your Inbox! Daily DigestStart and finish your day with the top stories from The Daily Beast. Cheat SheetA speedy, smart summary of all the news you need to know (and nothing you don't). By clicking "Subscribe," you agree to have read the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Subscribe Thank You! You are now subscribed to the Daily Digest and Cheat Sheet. We will not share your email with anyone for any reason Lawyers reportedly filed the action in tribal court in hopes that it would enable them faster access to internal company records, which might reveal how much the companies were aware of the drugs being diverted in the area. A spokesman for CVS told the Washington Post that the company “is committed to the highest standards of ethics and business practices, including complying with all federal and state laws governing the dispensing of controlled substance prescriptions, and is dedicated to reducing prescription drug abuse and diversion.” Cardinal Health told the Tulsa World on Thursday that it planned to "vigorously defend ourselves against the plaintiff's mischaracterization." The others included in the suit did not comment on the allegations, according to the Post. In a similar suit, seven counties in West Virginia last month filed cases against many of the same companies, seeking billions of dollars based on the claims that they created a public health hazard by shipping huge amounts of controlled substances into the state. West Virginia has the highest prescription drug overdose rate in the country. Last May, U.S. Surgeon General Vivek H. Murthy, M.D., met with tribal leaders in the region to discuss prescription drug abuse and opioid addiction. He noted that “the prescription opioid epidemic is sweeping across the U.S. and has hit Indian country particularly hard.” Cherokee Nation Attorney General Todd Hembree said, “We will not stand by while children are born addicted to opioids and our citizens die.” READ THIS LIST 1 Cherokee Nation Sues Opioid Distributors Olivia Messer About Advertise Contact Jobs Help Privacy Code of Ethics & Standards Terms & Conditions Copyright & Trademark © 2017 The Daily Beast Company LLC
National PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home Financial Post News Comment Personal Finance Investing Tech Sports Arts Life Health Homes Driving Classifieds Jobs Subscribe News World Israel & The Middle East World TRENDINGReal estate | Donald Trump | Marijuana | NHL playoffs | North Korea | Lotto Max Tennessee student, 15, found safe more than a month after she was kidnapped by 50-year-old teacher Sheila Burke, The Associated Press | April 20, 2017 | Last Updated: Apr 20 4:46 PM ET More from The Associated Press Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon NASHVILLE — A 15-year-old Tennessee girl who disappeared with her teacher more than a month ago was found safe in California and the teacher was arrested, authorities said Thursday. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said 50-year-old Tad Cummins had been taken into custody and that the girl was found in Siskiyou County in northern California. The agency said it planned a news conference for 4 p.m. EDT to release more details. The pair’s disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is a community about 60 miles (100 kilometres) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. On March 15, surveillance images from a Walmart in Oklahoma City showed Cummins and the girl purchasing food items in the store with cash, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said. The statement said the images captured showed Cummins had altered his hair to appear darker and the girl may have changed her hair colour to red. #TNAMBERAlert SIGHTING CONFIRMED: Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas were in Oklahoma City on March 15th. DETAILS: https://t.co/PtEHq8npp2 pic.twitter.com/cLhDJRBCd3 — TBI (@TBInvestigation) March 31, 2017 Police had previously issued an Amber alert for the girl and said they had warrants charging the health sciences teacher with sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping. Court papers filed recently in the girl’s disappearance said she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. A lawyer for the girl’s family has said the teacher was allowed to continue working at the school for two weeks after he was reported kissing the student. Attorney Jason Whatley has said the school system must have not believed the student’s report. The school’s investigative files provided to The Associated Press by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was “a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down,” according to a school report dated Jan. 30. Related Prosecutor asks pharmacies to watch for kidnapping suspect who disappeared with 15-year-old student Kidnapped girl jumped from moving car to escape 50-year-old man after rape, California police say The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins’ class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins’ classroom to make sure students weren’t there when they weren’t supposed to be. The teacher would later be reprimanded on Feb. 3 by school principal Penny Love after the girl was seen in Cummins classroom for a little more than half an hour that day. In her letter, Love said the girl being in his classroom was a violation of the principal’s order to him. The school system didn’t suspend Cummins until Feb. 6. He was fired about a month later, a day after the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert about the teen. Last month, the teacher’s wife of 31 years filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. Siskiyou County Sheriff’s spokeswoman Kelly Giordano did not immediately return a call for comment.   Find National Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: News, World, Amber Alert, Tad Cummins World Videos Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us NEWS Tennessee girl safe, teacher arrested near California cabin Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1896255" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Missing Tennessee student found safe (KTRK) AP Thursday, April 20, 2017 05:17PM NASHVILLE, Tennessee -- A 15-year-old Tennessee girl was rescued near a cabin in a remote part of northern California on Thursday, more than a month after her 50-year-old teacher kidnapped her and set off a nationwide manhunt, authorities said. Health sciences teacher Tad Cummins surrendered to sheriff's deputies without incident in Cecilville, California, hours after they had set up surveillance on his vehicle in the area, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said. The girl was apparently healthy and unharmed, and authorities said their main concern was her emotional and mental state. "We couldn't be happier to tell you she will soon be on her way back home to Tennessee," Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Director Mark Gwyn said. RELATED: Timeline of case of teen and teacher disappearance EMBED More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1897005" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Timeline of Tennesse student missing with teacher Cummins faces state charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor as well as a federal charge of taking a minor across state lines to have sex. If convicted of the federal charge, he faces at least 10 years in prison, acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith said. Authorities declined to answer a question on whether the girl went willingly, saying it didn't matter. "At the end of the day she's 15 years old, she's 15 years old, she's a young girl that's with a grown man that's 50 years old. He needs to be held accountable for kidnapping this girl," Gwyn said. Authorities received a tip late Wednesday night that the pair may have taken up residence in the woods in Siskiyou County, perhaps for more than a week, bureau spokesman Josh DeVine said. The remote, mountainous area has limited cellphone service and the terrain is difficult to traverse. Snow was still on the ground in some places. Authorities had earlier said the arrest happened at a commune but later clarified that it occurred in a very remote area and that they were still collecting evidence. The pair's disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is a community about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. "We're so happy that California police worked quickly and were able to find them and get her safe," one of the girl's sisters told The Tennessean. "I believe the FBI are going to make sure she's healthy before she comes home," she said. "We'll make sure she'll get what therapy she needs and that she's safe, that she knows she's safe." The Associated Press is not naming the girl or her family members because she is an alleged victim of a sex crime. Court papers filed recently in the girl's disappearance said she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. A lawyer for the girl's family has said the teacher was allowed to continue working at the school for two weeks after he was reported kissing the girl. Attorney Jason Whatley has said the school system must have not believed the student's report. The school's investigative files provided to The Associated Press by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was "a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down," according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins' class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins' classroom to make sure students weren't there when they weren't supposed to be. The teacher would later be reprimanded on Feb. 3 by school principal Penny Love after the girl was seen in Cummins' classroom for a little more than half an hour that day. In her letter, Love said the girl being in his classroom was a violation of the principal's order to him. The school system didn't suspend Cummins until Feb. 6. He was fired about a month later - a day after the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert about the teen. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said it worked tirelessly for the past five weeks, looking into more than 1,500 leads from all 50 states. Two days after the girl disappeared, surveillance images from a Walmart in Oklahoma City showed Cummins and the girl purchasing food items in the store with cash. The images showed Cummins had altered his hair to appear darker and the girl's hair may have changed to red. The teacher's wife of 31 years has filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: newsmissing personteacher arrestedu.s. & worldCalifornia Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Arkansas carries out first execution since 2005 Hospitalized George H.W. Bush gets 'big morale boost' ISIS claims responsibility for Paris attack that killed 1 police officer and wounded 2 more Suspected drunk driver released from jail after crash killed child Missing Tenn. student found, former teacher arrested More News Top Stories Suspected drunk driver released from jail after crash killed child Ready for some football? Texans release schedule Intruder triggers security scare at Klein ISD school Too long? Woman questions delay in theft investigation Look who dropped by to visit Dad in the hospital! HPD: 2 arrested in $2.5 million Kush bust Soul singer Cuba Gooding Sr. found dead in California Show More Crocodile attack survivor shares story Pet dog killed by pack of pit bulls in neighboring lot Tropical Storm Arlene forms in Atlantic Timeline of alleged kidnapping of Tennessee teen Long awaited Evelyn's Park opens in Bellaire More News Top Video Suspected drunk driver released from jail after crash killed child Too long? Woman questions delay in theft investigation Intruder triggers security scare at Klein ISD school Ready for some football? Texans release schedule More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Analyst: Expect A Retail Bloodbath This Year, And Amazon Not Immune Elizabeth Balboa , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} April 20, 2017 4:13pm   Comments Share: Related AMZN Earnings: Industrial Conglomerate General Electric Reports Tomorrow 4 Reasons Even eBay Fans Are Cautious On The Stock Baron Opportunity Fund Comments on Amazon.com (GuruFocus) Related WMT Watch These 5 Huge Put Purchases In Wednesday Trade Benzinga's Option Alert Recap From April 18 No One Should Be Buying Berkshire Hathaway (GuruFocus) Wolfe Research analyst Scott Mushkin just bucked the Street. Mushkin downgraded Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN) from Outperform to Peer Perform and dropped its 2017 and 2018 EPS estimates to $6.52 and $9.92, respectively. The average rating on the Street is a Buy, with three firms having initated coverage with bullish ratings this year (Loop Capital, Barclays and Aegis Capital), Neeham upgrading to Buy earlier this month and others maintaining their Buys. In a Thursday note, asserting that Amazon “trees don’t grow to the sky overnight,” Wolf Research justified its rating with Amazon’s approaching price target and heightened competition through the end of 2017 from the likes of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT). “Though we believe that AMZN will continue to transform goods commerce, we have to balance that with sharp equity appreciation and subdued n/t outlook,” Mushkin wrote. “In the next year we expect a retail bloodbath with increased competition from WMT, traditional consumable operators, and other broadline and specialty retailers. These dynamics lead us to forecast deceleration in Amazon sales growth vs our prior forecast.” The Amazon Odd Duck The downgrade barely dilutes Amazon’s 40 other Buy ratings, and the fair value offered ($930) has no bearing on the price targets spanning $847 and $1,250. Considering the stock is trading up $55.60 since the last week of March and is coming down from an all-time high of $923, many of the other targets, although accompanied by Buy ratings, represent price declines. At the time of publication, the stock was trading up 0.3 percent at a rate of $901.94. Related Link: That Time No One Was Surprised: Amazon At Risk Of Antitrust Probe Latest Ratings for AMZN Date Firm Action From To Apr 2017 Wolfe Research Downgrades Outperform Peer Perform Apr 2017 Needham Upgrades Hold Buy Apr 2017 BMO Capital Maintains Outperform View More Analyst Ratings for AMZN View the Latest Analyst Ratings Posted-In: Scott Mushkin Wolfe ResearchAnalyst Color Downgrades Analyst Ratings Tech Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMZN + WMT) Earnings: Industrial Conglomerate General Electric Reports Tomorrow 4 Reasons Even eBay Fans Are Cautious On The Stock EBay Slumps Slightly Following Mixed Earnings; Analyst Notes Need To Differentiate Jim Cramer On Genuine Parts: The Amazon-Resistant Company 'Doesn't Get Enough Credit' Earnings: Ebay And Verizon Set To Report Q1 Watch These 5 Huge Put Purchases In Wednesday Trade View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on AMZN Trending Recent 1 IP, CEL: 22 Stocks Moving In Wednesday's Pre-Market Session 2 ENDP, QCOM: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 3 AAPL, QCOM: Qualcomm Downgraded Amid iPhone 8 Share Loss 4 IBM, CSX: 10 Stocks To Watch For April 19, 2017 5 PSIX, NDAQ: Power Solutions Delisting Debacle L... 6 HBAN, AMTD: Earnings Scheduled For Ap... 7 CGI: SEC Confirms Celadon I... 1 PFPT, PANW: With Proofpoint Q1 Print Looming, Baird Downgrades 2 AXP: International Efforts Begin To Bear Fruit For American Express 3 DIS, NFLX: The Most Compelling Hail Mary For Comcast: Charter 4 SCSS: Risks Remain With Select Comfort After Beat-And-Raise... 5 GOOG, GOOGL: Pacific Crest Previews Alphabet's Q1:... 6 CLF, AKS: Steel Companies Applaud Trump'... 7 TAP, TWMJF: Cannabis Adoption Getting... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products New Residential Investment Corp Hammered By Ocwen News
9to5Mac 9to5Toys Electrek Community About Tips/Contact Search Android Chrome/OS Guides Android Android Wear Android Auto Nexus Chromebook Google Apps Android TV YouTube Trending in Google Corporate Here are all of the best cases to go with your Samsung Galaxy S8 and S8+ pre-order Trending in Google Review: Huawei P10 packs excellent optics and good hardware into a forgettable phone [Video] Trending in Google Corporate LG G6 Review: The screen doesn’t cut corners, but software & optimization do [Video] Trending in Google Review: ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA is an underdog that deserves your attention Trending in Google Corporate Google Pixel XL 5 months later: The ups and downs of owning Google’s first proper flagship Trending in Google Corporate The Best Chromebook: Samsung Chromebook Plus/Pro vs ASUS Chromebook Flip C302CA Yesterday GOOG: 841.65 3.44 9to5Toys Last Call: Google Pixel 32GB $600, Sony 75″ 4K UHDTV $1,000 off, Sony Wireless Headphones $179, more Stephen Hall - Apr. 20th 2017 12:24 pm PT @hallstephenj Android 9to5Toys 9to5Toys Lunch Break View Comments Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest Reddit Keep up with the best gear and deals on the web by signing up for the 9to5Toys Newsletter. Also, be sure to check us out on: Twitter, RSS Feed, Facebook, Google+ and Safari push notifications. TODAY’S CAN’T MISS DEALS: Last Call Updates: Review: Pad & Quill’s Leather Roll Top Backpack has impeccable craftsmanship and style LG Stylo 3 16GB 4G No-Contract Android Smartphone for $120 shipped ASUS 24-inch 1080p Monitor w/ HDMI input: $110 or less (Reg. $140) Earn to Die 2 for iOS drops to lowest price in over a year at $1 Lutron Caséta Smart Lighting Bundle w/ HomeKit support: $120 (Reg. $160) Star Wars Battlefront 2 Xbox One/PS4 pre-order 20% off + $10 gift card Garmin Forerunner 230 GPS Running Watch + HRM: $159 shipped Green Deals: Cedar Raised 2- x 8-foot Garden Bed $69, more Temperature Gun w/ Laser Sight Infrared from $8 Prime shipped Foscam Security Camera Sale: prices as low as $35 shipped Cold War card game uses hidden messages to uncover double agents Frigidaire 10,000 BTU 115V Air Conditioner for $216, more Hamilton Beach Deep Fryer hits Amazon all-time low $25 Prime shipped The Gamller controller won’t drain your iPhone battery and makes playing games a snap Google Pixel 32GB Android Smartphone (unlocked) discounted to $600 Sony 75-inch 4K HDR Smart Ultra HDTV $2,899 shipped ($1,000 off) Sony h.ear Wireless Noise Canceling Headphones back to $179 shipped Beats Powerbeats3 W1-enabled Wireless In-ear Headphones down to $130 shipped BeatsX Wireless In-Ear Headphones go to $120 at Amazon and Best Buy Beats Solo3 Wireless On-Ear Headphones $160   Apple AirPort Express Base Station $67 (Reg. $99) 9to5Rewards: SkylinkNet Plus Alarm System Starter kit [Giveaway] MORE NEW GEAR FROM TODAY:   USB-C Adapter 3-pack from Amazon for $6 (Reg. $10) Aukey Rechargeable Dimmable LED Desk Lamp now $20 Prime shipped Smartphone Accessories: Mpow Air Vent Car Mount Holder $8, more VAUX makes Echo Dot portable, adds battery and external speaker Knops are the volume control to your life GoPro provides details on upcoming Fusion spherical camera Futurama: The Complete Series on DVD for $48 today only Games/Apps: Deus Ex Mankind Divided $15, iOS freebies, more Star Wars Hoth Commando Backpack $20, High Sierra deals from $17 DEWALT Compact Drill/Driver Combo Kit $179 (Reg. $300+), today only Frigidaire 10,000 BTU 115V Air Conditioner for $216, more Tabletop Propane Gas Grill from Smoke Hollow for $75 shipped Kershaw Pico Pocket Knife back down to just $13 at Walmart iRobot Roomba 880 Self-Charging Robot Vacuum $425 shipped Griffin Charging Dock for Apple Watch $13, WD NAS 4TB Hard Drive $120 Apple’s 13-inch MacBook Pro w/o Touch Bar $1,280 ($219 off, Tax NJ only) Apple’s Touch Bar-equipped 13-inch MacBook Pro 512GB $1,740 shipped Apple’s entry-level 13-inch MacBook Air on sale for $750 shipped Duet Display for iOS/Mac goes 50% off: $10 (Reg. $20) Cut the Rope Magic on iOS free for very first time (Reg. $1) Warbits iOS turn-based battle sim hits lowest price ever: $1 (Reg. $4) App Store Free App of the Week: Hyperburner iOS space racer free (Reg. $3) NEW PRODUCTS & MORE: Mu tag is the world’s smallest item tracker The Mirabook turns your smartphone into a fully functional laptop Super Nintendo Classic Edition Console reportedly on the way! Fujifilm’s new hybrid camera is perfect for Instagram fanatics V-Moda Forza Metallo Wireless earbuds offer water-resistance Master & Dynamic’s MA770 speaker is housed in hand-finished concrete AOC brings new 40-inch Curved 4K Display stateside with a bevy of inputs Reservoir Dogs Bloody Days hits Steam next month + new trailer [Video] Play your favorite retro games with a Raspberry Pi-powered console DECCO is an iOS-connected monitor that sends alerts when your child opens a door Geneva’s Touring S DAB and Bluetooth Radio offers a precision aluminum design Crosley’s Limited Edition Star Wars Turntable drops on Record Store Day Bose unveils Revolve 360-degree Bluetooth Speaker made from solid aluminum PowerUp replaces your MacBook Pro charger and adds much more to the mix Candy Crush and Moschino release Jeremy Scott designed apparel collection RIVER hopes to be your ultimate mobile power and recharge station House of Marley’s Stir It Up sustainably-crafted record player Dagadam is the Smart Watch for AI Notifications on iOS and Android DJI Phantom 4 Advanced brings updated specs, better camera Nintendo Direct Highlights: Splatoon 2, ARMS, Pikmin, new amiibo [Videos] MORE DEALS STILL LIVE: TP-Link Wi-Fi Smart Plug with Alexa control starting at $18 Pad & Quill 25% off: leather wallets, iPhone cases, watch bands & more Bose SoundLink On-Ear Bluetooth Wireless Headphones $150 (Orig. $250) Elago’s adorable W3 Apple Watch Stand is back under $10 Score a pair of UE BOOM 2 Bluetooth Speakers for $175 ($300 value) Everyone can use an Echo Dot: Just $50! Anker iPhone 7/Plus cases $2 Prime shipped LIFX A19 Wi-Fi Smart LED Light Bulb $45 (Reg. $60) Samsung 40-inch 4K Smart UHDTV now $322 Seagate Backup Plus 6TB Hard Drive$140 (Reg. $180) Side Hustle Tools: Everlance Expense Tracker $30 LEGO Star Wars K-2SO Droid Building Kit $18 Anker 4.8A Dual USB Car Charger $6, more Dell UltraSharp 25-inch wmonitor $270 shipped GoPro HERO Session bundle: $160 Waterproof Bluetooth Mini Speaker $11 Prime shipped Vansky LED Lighting Strips from $11 Prime shipped Garmin Fenix 3 GPS Smart Watches as low as $315 (Reg. $450) Contigo SnapSeal Stainless Steel 24oz Travel Mug for under $10 Hollister Co. gives up to 70% off clearance items Google Play app deals/freebies: Lumino City, Hook, Buff Knight, more Green Deals: Sun Joe 14A Electric Blower/Vacuum/Mulcher $96, more Netflix for May 2017: Dr. Strange, Forrest Gump, Richard Pryor, more on the way! Amazon Men’s Grooming Sampler includes a $10 credit Architectural Digest magazine + digital iPad access: $6 Nintendo Switch bundle in-stock for $500 Withings Thermo Smart Thermometer goes to $70 Imaginarium 100-Piece All-In-One Train Table for $48 ZTE Axon 7 64GB LTE Android Smartphone $330 Tomoko 87-Key USB Mechanical Keyboard for $27 VAVA LED Night Light available for $17 Prime shipped RTIC Stainless Steel Bottles: 32oz $14.50 or 64oz from $18 Stephen Hall @hallstephenj Stephen is Managing Editor at 9to5Google. Twitter DMs are open. Tips always welcome, never expected. Favorite Gear 15-inch MacBook Pro w/ Touch Bar Anker PowerCore 26800 Amazon Echo Dot Guides Android Breaking news for Android. Get the latest on apps, carriers, devices, and more! View THe Guide 9to5Toys View THe Guide 9to5Toys Lunch Break View THe Guide blog comments powered by Disqus Submit a Tip cancel Submitting a tip constitutes permission to publish and syndicate. Please view our tips policy or see all contact options. Post to Cancel
menu Home Top Stories Beach Living Things I Like Students Fatherhood Adventures Fish ‘N OC The Resorter Revisited Vanishing Ocean City Entertainment Best Beats Dining Things To Do Horoscopes Community Community News Obituaries Real Estate Featured Properties Open Houses Business News Money Sense Opinions Editorial Letter To The Editor Between The Lines Have a news tip? Sports Photos Faces in Places Arts Around The Area People In Society Spotlight on Wicomico Social Lounge Priceless Each Friday, 52 Weeks a Year! Search E-dition Contact Classifieds Advertise Archives Home Top Stories Beach Living Things I Like Students Fatherhood Adventures Fish ‘N OC The Resorter Revisited Vanishing Ocean City Entertainment Best Beats Dining Things To Do Horoscopes Community Community News Obituaries Real Estate Featured Properties Open Houses Business News Money Sense Opinions Editorial Letter To The Editor Between The Lines Have a news tip? Sports Photos Faces in Places Arts Around The Area People In Society Spotlight on Wicomico Social Lounge Proposed Poultry Bill Discussed Ahead Of Next Week’s Public Hearing Apr 20,2017 by Charlene Sharpe ACT Coastkeeper Kathy Phillips discusses proposed poultry regulations at a meeting in Snow Hill this week. Photo by Charlene Sharpe SNOW HILL – While eager to see more regulation of large scale poultry operations, speakers at a meeting hosted by Assateague Coastal Trust say the bill being considered by Worcester County officials doesn’t go far enough. On Tuesday, Assateague Coastal Trust (ACT) hosted an informational meeting regarding the bill being considered by the Worcester County Commissioners next week that would amend zoning regulations for poultry operations. Coastkeeper Kathy Phillips, executive director of ACT, said the proposed changes didn’t do enough to address the density of large poultry operations as well as air emissions and wouldn’t prevent someone with adjacent parcels from turning both into Confined Animal Feeding Operations (CAFOs). “I think if Worcester County’s going to do it they should do it right,” Phillips said. “This is their opportunity.” As proposed, the bill being considered would create a new section of the zoning code to address poultry operations. It would define poultry operations, increase setback and buffering requirements and limit the number of chicken houses allowed on a parcel to eight. Phillips said that while the limit sounded like a good thing, there was no language in the proposed changes to prevent someone with adjacent parcels from erecting eight chicken houses on each. Phillips said the setback in the new requirements was 200 feet. While she considers that an improvement over the county’s current requirements, Phillips says it’s still not a huge distance. It also doesn’t prevent several CAFOs from popping up in the same neighborhood. She said the proposed poultry regulations didn’t require officials to consider how many large poultry operations were in a particular area. “How densely are we paving over the county with large industry, gobbling up good farmland to basically put up something that’s the size of a Super Walmart and its parking lot?” she said. “Once these houses have been used for a number of years you can never put that land into crop production again.” Phillips also voiced concern regarding the large tunnel ventilation fans used by CAFOs. “Do you want to have all those fans blowing over to the adjacent property owner?” she said. “That’s something that’s missing.” Phillips said the proposed changes would not affect existing poultry operations. “There’s quite a bit of grandfathering in these regulations which is troubling,” she said, adding that existing operations would be able to be improved without meeting the new regulations. Phillips said a health ordinance to address poultry operations would go further in protecting the county. “A health ordinance takes you beyond the border of the parcel and begins to require a more holistic view of the entire area,” she said. Phillips said such an ordinance would address the cumulative impacts of CAFOs, such as their effect on air quality, and could do things like require filters on fans. Carole Morison, a Pocomoke farmer, says that while she has a flock of pasture-raised hens now, she spent years raising chickens for Perdue. In her opinion the modern day CAFOs are nothing like the chicken farms of the past. In decades past, she said a farm would have had a few poultry houses and fields of crops. “It was a diversified farm,” Morison said. “What we’re seeing now is not a farm. It’s industrial production.” Her concern is that county officials aren’t doing enough to protect existing homes and businesses as CAFOs go up. She added that Worcester County’s rural roads, already narrow, couldn’t withstand the heavy truck traffic that was associated with large poultry operations. “Who’s going to pay to repair the road?” she said. “It’s going to be the citizens. There are so many issues the commissioners have not even looked at.” Maria Payan, a consultant for the Socially Responsible Agriculture Project, said a poultry operation with eight houses would bring more than 600 trucks a year to the property. She said she’d visited the home of a Somerset County resident whose property was essentially surrounded by poultry operations. In that area there are 108 chicken houses within three miles. “You can’t stand in his yard without hearing the industrialized fans consistently,” she said. “You cannot stand in the yard without being nauseous.” Payan said that throughout the country, areas with zoning that permitted agricultural and residential uses were now full of conflict. “Fifty years ago, ag residential districts were fantastic,” she said. “Nobody had a problem living next to a farm. Now because of the changes in the amount of birds per house and the number of houses per farm we’re running into a lot of conflicts. Communities throughout areas where this is happening, they’re becoming war zones.” Phillips encouraged concerned citizens to share their comments regarding the proposed poultry regulations with the Worcester County Commissioners. The commissioners will host a public hearing on the proposed bill Tuesday at 11 a.m. ← Previous Next → 0 0 0 0 About The Author: Charlene Sharpe Charlene Sharpe has been with The Dispatch since 2014. A graduate of Stephen Decatur High School and the University of Richmond, she spent seven years with the Delmarva Media Group before joining the team at The Dispatch. Featured Stories Ocean Pines Pulls Back Proposed Family Night At Adult Pool OCEAN PINES – Officials in Ocean Pines have decided to remove a proposed family night function from the community’s adults-only swimming pool this summer after actions taken by the acting general manager to change pool operations without the knowledge of the board created uproar among some residents. In a special meeting last week to hear… Read more » Private Group Chips In $5K For First White Marlin Prize; Season’s First Billfish Could Now Be Worth $15,000 OCEAN CITY — A little over a week after voting to eliminate or at least redirect the $5,000 dedicated as prize money for the first white marlin of the season, the city’s elected officials voted to restore the funding and vowed to work with the fishing community to better market the annual milestone. Two weeks… Read more » OC Council Hears Second Wind Farm Proposal; Project Smaller In Scope With Turbines Further Offshore OCEAN CITY — Resort officials this week got a closer look at a second proposed offshore wind energy farm that includes fewer turbines further offshore, but still weren’t keen on the proposal and asked the developer to consider moving even further off the coast. The Mayor and Council on Monday got an in-depth presentation from… Read more » Pooch Palooza Returns This Weekend For Third Year BERLIN – Pooch Palooza will return to Worcester County this weekend for a two-day event that caters to canines. Now entering their third festival, Delmarva Unleashed Producer Sandy Phillips said the publication’s event continues to add games and competitions as Pooch Palooza grows. The event will take place on the grounds of Frontier Town, between… Read more » Home Top Stories Beach Living Things I Like Students Fatherhood Adventures Fish ‘N OC Entertainment Best Beats Dining Things To Do Horoscopes Community Community News Obituaries Real Estate Featured Properties Open Houses Business News Money Sense Opinions Editorial Letter To The Editor Between The Lines Have a news tip? Classifieds Sports About Us Advertise Contact Subscribe Who we are Site Map E-News Sign Up for the Daily Buzz E-News to receive the latest news around the area delivered to your inbox. Thank you for your submission. Please correct your Email. Submit Ocean City Hotel Search Search, Shop & Compare low rates guaranteed. PLUS get FREE stuff! Search Rates All Material Copyright © Maryland Coast Dispatch Questions, comments & advertising information, email or call 410-641-4561 Website Design by D3Corp Ocean City Maryland
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Altavoz Entertainment, Inc. (AVOZ: OTC Pink Current) | Concore Entertainment Signs Distribution Deal With Altavoz Apr 20, 2017 OTC Disclosure & News Service Rockville, MD – Concore Entertainment Signs Distribution Deal With Altavoz   Rockville MD. Concore Entertainment has signed a digital physical distribution deal with Altavoz and starting with the release â€œI am Natalia Daminiâ€ out on May 19th  by recording artist Natalia Damini that has features by 2 Chainz and Lil Wayne and is currently getting spins with her single â€œSlowâ€ on Power 1057. â€œI think this is a great fit for Concore Entertainment and our artist as we continue to evolveâ€ says Charve The Don, Concore Entertainmentâ€™s CEO. The full release will be available in all digital and physical outlets with pre orders being taken from retailers from Amazon.com to Walmart.com. Altavoz, Concore, and Natalia  will be using social media to ask fans where and how theyâ€™re BuyingThis(TM) this release.   â€œConcore is a great fit for Altavozâ€™s Distribution as a Service (DaaS) offering and we look forward to working Nataliaâ€™s release with them and future releases that Concore is releasing via DaaSâ€  CEO, Nelson Jacobsen About Natalia Damini: Natalia Damini #1 On The @Billboard Emerging Artists Chart / #1 Spotify / #1 DRT 24 year old pop singer Natalia Damini has been making some global noise for the past few years and has upped the ante in the last quarter of 2016 with another viral video smash entitled â€œOn The Floorâ€. The 24 year old beautiful Brazilianâ€™s latest single â€œOn The Floorâ€ was #1 on DRT Independent Charts and Cashbox Magazine Charts #35 on DRT National Charts and Cashbox Magazine Charts. The visual has been just as impactful, garnering over 2M views on Youtube after its launch.  Her song â€œCrazyâ€ hit #1 on Billboard Emerging Artist Chart, #9 on Billboard Trending 140, #1 Spotify Top 25 most played songs in September of 2015 and #15 Billboard Next Big Sound Charts. In October 2015, Natalia Damini won the BEST FEMALE R&B POP artist award at the Underground Music Awards in NYC, previous winners: Nicki Minaj, J Cole, MGK, Lil Mama. Natalia’s new single ‚Slow’ is now being played on Power 105.1 New York and the video is set to be released soon. Her album ‚I Am Natalia Damini’ is currently scheduled to be released on May 19 with features from Lil Wayne and 2 Chainz. ABOUT Concore Entertainment Concore Entertainment is a major independent record label. We are based out of Los Angeles, California and Miami, Florida.Concore Entertainment takes pride in bringing our listeners and viewers the very best in entertainment and sound quality. Concore Entertainment specializes in getting artists distribution, major radio station airplay FM, Sirius XM satellite Airplay , MTV, DRT Charting and social media marketing. About Altavoz Entertainment, Inc. Altavoz is an independent, full service entertainment distributor offering a wide range of physical and digital distribution, marketing and payment solutions. Altavoz is widely known for being distributor of record for the highly acclaimed „Goldenheart” project from Dawn Richard. To that end, Altavoz ensures artists and producers have access to a unique array of traditional and outofthebox distribution channels and are creatively promoted so they can build their presence, make their mark, and earn a living all with a social conscience via our Help Earth Foundation. BuyingThis (TM) is a registered Trademark of Altavoz. Inc. Altavoz, Inc. is a subsidiary of Altavoz Entertainment, Inc. (OTC PINK: AVOZ ) visit http://altavoz.com. COMPANY STATEMENT Notice Regarding Forward-Looking Statements This release includes forward-looking statements within the meaning of Section 27A of the Securities Act of 1933, as amended, and Section 21E of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. All statements regarding our expected future financial position, results of operations, cash flows, financing plans, business strategy, products and services, competitive positions, growth opportunities, plans and objectives of management for future operations, as well as statements that include words such as „anticipate,” „if,” „believe,” „plan,” „estimate,” „expect,” „intend,” „may,” „could,” „should,” „will,” and other similar expressions are forward-looking statements. All forward-looking statements involve risks, uncertainties and contingencies, many of which are beyond our control, which may cause actual results, performance, or achievements, as described in our reports filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission which are available for review at www.sec.gov to differ materially from anticipated results, performance, or achievements. We are under no obligation to (and expressly disclaim any such obligation to) update or alter our forward-looking statements, whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise.   CONTACT INFORMATION Nelson Jacobsen 202-365-1636 This release includes additional documents. Select the link(s) below to view. ConcoresignswithAltavoz (1).pdf Copyright © 2017 OTC Markets. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAltavoz Entertainment, Inc. Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Acrylic Sheet Market in United States with Sales, Price, Revenue, Forecast 2017 Next PostNext Global Metallic Cloth Market in United States with Sales, Price, Revenue, Forecast 2017 Search Recent Posts Riassunto: Le ruote metalliche per veicoli commerciali ineguagliate nel settore di Maxion Wheels saranno in esposizione all’edizione del 2017 della fiera Automechanika Dubai ‘Plasticurious’ Video Contest Invites Teens to Explore the Role of Plastics in Their World ‘Plasticurious’ Video Contest Invites Teens to Explore the Role of Plastics in Their World Coro Mining Closes Final Tranche of Private Placement TFI International Inc. Announces New Time for the Conference Call to Discuss its First Quarter Results Proudly powered by WordPress
Lace 'em up: 15 great places to run in the Lehigh Valley News Nation/World Tennessee girl safe, teacher arrested at California commune after month-long disappearance Sheila BurkeAssociated Press A 15-year-old Tennessee girl was rescued near a cabin in a remote part of northern California on Thursday, more than a month after her 50-year-old teacher kidnapped her and set off a nationwide manhunt, authorities said. Health sciences teacher Tad Cummins surrendered to sheriff's deputies without incident in Cecilville, California, hours after they had set up surveillance on his vehicle in the area, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said. The girl was apparently healthy and unharmed, and authorities said their main concern was her emotional and mental state. "We couldn't be happier to tell you she will soon be on her way back home to Tennessee," Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Director Mark Gwyn said. Cummins faces state charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor as well as a federal charge of taking a minor across state lines to have sex. If convicted of the federal charge, he faces at least 10 years in prison, acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith said. Authorities declined to answer a question on whether the girl went willingly, saying it didn't matter. "At the end of the day she's 15 years old, she's 15 years old, she's a young girl that's with a grown man that's 50 years old. He needs to be held accountable for kidnapping this girl," Gwyn said. Tad Cummins booking photo Siskiyou County Sheriff     (Siskiyou County Sheriff) Authorities received a tip late Wednesday night that the pair may have taken up residence in the woods in Siskiyou County, perhaps for more than a week, bureau spokesman Josh DeVine said. The remote, mountainous area has limited cellphone service and the terrain is difficult to traverse. Snow was still on the ground in some places. Authorities had earlier said the arrest happened at a commune but later clarified that it occurred in a very remote area and that they were still collecting evidence. The pair's disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is a community about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. "We're so happy that California police worked quickly and were able to find them and get her safe," one of the girl's sisters told The Tennessean. "I believe the FBI are going to make sure she's healthy before she comes home," she said. "We'll make sure she'll get what therapy she needs and that she's safe, that she knows she's safe." The Associated Press is not naming the girl or her family members because she is an alleged victim of a sex crime. Court papers filed recently in the girl's disappearance said she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. A lawyer for the girl's family has said the teacher was allowed to continue working at the school for two weeks after he was reported kissing the girl. Attorney Jason Whatley has said the school system must have not believed the student's report. The school's investigative files provided to The Associated Press by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was "a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down," according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins' class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins' classroom to make sure students weren't there when they weren't supposed to be. The teacher would later be reprimanded on Feb. 3 by school principal Penny Love after the girl was seen in Cummins' classroom for a little more than half an hour that day. In her letter, Love said the girl being in his classroom was a violation of the principal's order to him. The school system didn't suspend Cummins until Feb. 6. He was fired about a month later — a day after the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert about the teen. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said it worked tirelessly for the past five weeks, looking into more than 1,500 leads from all 50 states. Two days after the girl disappeared, surveillance images from a Walmart in Oklahoma City showed Cummins and the girl purchasing food items in the store with cash. The images showed Cummins had altered his hair to appear darker and the girl's hair may have changed to red. The teacher's wife of 31 years has filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call Kidnapping Tennessee teacher accused of kidnapping, missing student reportedly seen kissing Breaking Popular Obits Arts & Ent Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 54°
Post Register Friday April 21, 2017 31 °F SERVICES TEMPORARILY UNAVAILABLE. CALL 208-542-6777 | Search Services | Log In News Top Headlines Local News West Nation & World Commentary Learning The News Business Shoptalk People in Business Food & Home Outdoors Idaho Trails In the Woods Ticket Smart Living Sports High School College Pro PR Preps Obituaries Farm & Ranch Classifieds Announcements Automotive Employment Farm & Agriculture Merchandise Pets & Supplies Real Estate Recreational Vehicles Rentals Service Directory Jobs Real Estate Local Local First Events Restaurants Weather More Legal Notices Photos eBooks Contact Us Newsroom Staff Letters to the Editor Advertising Staff Circulation Staff Printing Services General Careers Subscribe Tenn. student found safe, teacher arrested Posted: April 20, 2017 1:39 p.m. In this undated file photo released by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigations shows Tad Cummins in Tennessee. Authorities said a 15-year-old Tennessee girl who disappeared with Cummins, who was her teacher, last month has been found safe in California and the teacher has been arrested. (Tennessee Bureau of Investigations via AP, File) NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — A 15-year-old Tennessee girl who disappeared with her teacher more than a month ago was found safe in California and the teacher was arrested, authorities said Thursday. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said 50-year-old Tad Cummins had been taken into custody and that the girl was found in Siskiyou County in northern California. The agency said it planned a news conference for 4 p.m. EDT to release more details. The pair’s disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is a community about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. On March 15, surveillance images from a Walmart in Oklahoma City showed Cummins and the girl purchasing food items in the store with cash, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said. The statement said the images captured showed Cummins had altered his hair to appear darker and the girl may have changed her hair color to red. Police had previously issued an Amber alert for the girl and said they had warrants charging the health sciences teacher with sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping. Court papers filed recently in the girl’s disappearance said she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. A lawyer for the girl’s family has said the teacher was allowed to continue working at the school for two weeks after he was reported kissing the student. Attorney Jason Whatley has said the school system must have not believed the student’s report. The school’s investigative files provided to The Associated Press by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was “a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down,” according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins’ class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins’ classroom to make sure students weren’t there when they weren’t supposed to be. The teacher would later be reprimanded on Feb. 3 by school principal Penny Love after the girl was seen in Cummins classroom for a little more than half an hour that day. In her letter, Love said the girl being in his classroom was a violation of the principal’s order to him. The school system didn’t suspend Cummins until Feb. 6. He was fired about a month later, a day after the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert about the teen. Last month, the teacher’s wife of 31 years filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. Siskiyou County Sheriff’s spokeswoman Kelly Giordano did not immediately return a call for comment. About | Advertise | Newsroom Ethics | Newsroom Staff | Printing Services | Privacy Policy | Careers Post Register • 333 Northgate Mile • PO Box 1800 • Idaho Falls, ID. 83401 Office Hours: Monday - Friday, 8:30 am to 5:00 pm Phone: (208) 522.1800 Copyright © 2017 Post Register
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home News Summary - Story List About Us Advertise Contact Us Local Weather Pay Your Bill Report a Delivery Problem Subscribe to The Times Daily Subscription Services Vacation Start / Stop News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections State Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Opinion Editorials Reader's View Columnists You said it Obituaries Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Gallery Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Rentals Real Estate Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com Autos TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classifieds Ad Yellow Pages Deals Jobs Cars Real Estate Weather Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Select A Location The Shoals Decatur Guntersville Athens HuntsvilleMadison Moulton Custom Location Within 5 mi. 10 mi. 25 mi. 50 mi. 100 mi. 200 mi. of zip code USA Canada Results per page 10 25 50 100 Sort by Distance Name Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Local News Business Columnists Crime Education Local Elections 2016 Election Sample Ballots State State Capital Contact Local Lawmakers Nation World Weather Sports High School Sports Prep Athlete of the Year Belgreen Brooks Central Cherokee Colbert County Colbert Heights Collinwood Covenant Christian Deshler Florence Football Scores Hackleburg Haleyville Hamilton Hatton Lauderdale County Lawrence Co. Tenn Lexington Loretto Mars Hill Muscle Shoals Phil Campbell Phillips R.A. Hubbard Red Bay Rogers Russellville Sheffield Shoals Christian Tharptown Vina Waterloo Wayne County Wilson Prep Athlete of the Year Alabama Sports Auburn Sports UNA Sports More College Headlines Pro Sports Sports Contests Outdoors Life Celebrations TNValleyBrides.com Entertainment Health Food Music Religion General Interest Arts and Theater Columnists Savings Blog Comics Games and Puzzles Horoscopes WC Handy Festival Obituaries Classifieds For Sale / Wanted Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Legals TNValleyHomeFinder.com TNValleyJobFinder.com TNValleyWheels.com Place a Classified Ad Yellow Pages TNValleyDeals.com Close 1 of 3 Cummins Thomas Cummins featured Tennessee girl safe, teacher arrested near California cabin Apr 20, 2017 Updated 6 hrs ago 0 +2  Cummins +2  Thomas +2  Cummins NASHVILLE (AP) — A 15-year-old Tennessee girl was rescued near a cabin in a remote part of northern California today, more than a month after her 50-year-old teacher kidnapped her and set off a nationwide manhunt, authorities said. Health sciences teacher Tad Cummins surrendered to sheriff's deputies without incident in Cecilville, California, hours after they had set up surveillance on his vehicle in the area, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said. The girl was apparently healthy and unharmed, and authorities said their main concern was her emotional and mental state. "We couldn't be happier to tell you she will soon be on her way back home to Tennessee," Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Director Mark Gwyn said. Authorities believe the pair were briefly in the Decatur area, shortly after their disappearance. The victim has previously been identified as Elizabeth Thomas. Cummins faces state charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor as well as a federal charge of taking a minor across state lines to have sex. If convicted of the federal charge, he faces at least 10 years in prison, acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith said. Authorities declined to answer a question on whether the girl went willingly, saying it didn't matter. "At the end of the day she's 15 years old, she's 15 years old, she's a young girl that's with a grown man that's 50 years old. He needs to be held accountable for kidnapping this girl," Gwyn said. Authorities received a tip late Wednesday night that the pair may have taken up residence in the woods in Siskiyou County, perhaps for more than a week, bureau spokesman Josh DeVine said. The remote, mountainous area has limited cellphone service and the terrain is difficult to traverse. Snow was still on the ground in some places. Authorities had earlier said the arrest happened at a commune but later clarified that it occurred in a very remote area and that they were still collecting evidence. The pair's disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is a community about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. "We're so happy that California police worked quickly and were able to find them and get her safe," one of the girl's sisters told The Tennessean. "I believe the FBI are going to make sure she's healthy before she comes home," she said. "We'll make sure she'll get what therapy she needs and that she's safe, that she knows she's safe." Court papers filed recently in the girl's disappearance said she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. A lawyer for the girl's family has said the teacher was allowed to continue working at the school for two weeks after he was reported kissing the girl. Attorney Jason Whatley has said the school system must have not believed the student's report. The school's investigative files provided to The Associated Press by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was "a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down," according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins' class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins' classroom to make sure students weren't there when they weren't supposed to be. The teacher would later be reprimanded on Feb. 3 by school principal Penny Love after the girl was seen in Cummins' classroom for a little more than half an hour that day. In her letter, Love said the girl being in his classroom was a violation of the principal's order to him. The school system didn't suspend Cummins until Feb. 6. He was fired about a month later — a day after the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert about the teen. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said it worked tirelessly for the past five weeks, looking into more than 1,500 leads from all 50 states. Two days after the girl disappeared, surveillance images from a Walmart in Oklahoma City showed Cummins and the girl purchasing food items in the store with cash. The images showed Cummins had altered his hair to appear darker and the girl's hair may have changed to red. The teacher's wife of 31 years has filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. +2  Cummins +2  Thomas +2  Cummins × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. News updates Local briefs Lawmakers vote to declare Alabama 'right to life' state Shaun Alexander is featured speaker for fundraiser 2 NWSCC students selected for academic team UNA board to meet Friday People's Climate March set for April 29 Lifeguard certification classes begin Friday Sign up for our Newsletter Success! An email has been sent with a link to confirm list signup. Error! There was an error processing your request. News Updates Would you like to receive our daily news? Signup today!  Manage your lists Games, Puzzles and Horoscopes Comics Interactive Games and Puzzles Horoscopes Public Information Databases Area crime reports Area storm shelters Alabama unemployment rates by county Restaurant Health Ratings Shoals Birth Announcements Franklin Grand Jury Indictments Lauderdale Grand Jury Indictments Online Poll How do you feel about the proposal to write into the state Constitution that Alabama is a pro-life state? You voted: Agree: Disagree: Vote View Results Back Sections News Sports Life Business Opinion Obituaries Gallery Video Gallery Weather About Us Contact Us Employment Opportunities Follow Us Affiliated Websites Times Daily Decatur Daily Courier Journal Moulton Advertiser The Redstone Rocket Madison Weekly News American Classifieds Terms of Use Refund Policy Contact Information timesdaily.com 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL 35630 © Copyright 2017 timesdaily.com, 219 W. Tennessee Street Florence, AL | Terms of Use Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow World April 20, 2017 3:20 pm Updated: April 20, 2017 6:07 pm Tennessee teen who disappeared with 50-year-old teacher found safe By Sheila Burke The Associated Press WATCH ABOVE: Police say they've found 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas safe and arrested her alleged abductor Tad Cummins. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen A 15-year-old Tennessee girl who disappeared with her teacher more than a month ago was found safe in California and the teacher was arrested, authorities said Thursday. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said 50-year-old Tad Cummins had been taken into custody and that the girl was found in Siskiyou County in northern California. Story continues below The pair’s disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is a community about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. READ MORE: Missing Tennessee teen Elizabeth Thomas spotted with 50-year-old teacher in Oklahoma On March 15, surveillance images from a Walmart in Oklahoma City showed Cummins and the girl purchasing food items in the store with cash, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said. The statement said the images captured showed Cummins had altered his hair to appear darker and the girl may have changed her hair color to red. WATCH: The father of Elizabeth Thomas comments after his 15-year-old daughter was found safe Police had previously issued an Amber alert for the girl and said they had warrants charging the health sciences teacher with sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping. Court papers filed recently in the girl’s disappearance said she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. A lawyer for the girl’s family has said the teacher was allowed to continue working at the school for two weeks after he was reported kissing the student. Attorney Jason Whatley has said the school system must have not believed the student’s report. The school’s investigative files provided to The Associated Press by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was “a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down,” according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins’ class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins’ classroom to make sure students weren’t there when they weren’t supposed to be. WATCH: Surveillance footage shows teacher Tad Cummins and missing teen purchasing food items at the store The teacher would later be reprimanded on Feb. 3 by school principal Penny Love after the girl was seen in Cummins classroom for a little more than half an hour that day. In her letter, Love said the girl being in his classroom was a violation of the principal’s order to him. The school system didn’t suspend Cummins until Feb. 6. He was fired about a month later, a day after the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert about the teen. Last month, the teacher’s wife of 31 years filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. Siskiyou County Sheriff’s spokeswoman Kelly Giordano did not immediately return a call for comment. Kristin Bender in San Francisco contributed to this report. © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error Amber Alert Elizabeth Thomas Tad Cummins Tad Cummins found Tad Cummins sighting Tad Cummins update teen disappears with teacher update on Tad Cummins Editor's Picks Canada Marijuana will be legal, but for many activists the fight isn't over Canada Why Canada wins, but many Torontonians lose, from Ontario's new housing measures Canada Inside Canada's flexible work economy. Who's the real winner here? Canada Analysis: Canada’s Charter remains a flawed document that no politician dares try to fix Canada Could you handle a 33 per cent interest-rate hike on your debt? If not, start paying it off now Canada Analysis: On the eve of Malala visit, it’s clear we could use more feminist prime ministers Politics Airstrikes in Syria further complicate Trump's relationship with Russia FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now Michigan cops may soon be barred from having sex with prostitutes while undercover 32130 Donald Trump said Korea was once part of China. It wasn't. 3632 X-Files renewed for 10 more episodes. Will it film in Vancouver? 2735 Donald Trump again attacks Canada’s dairy industry, calls NAFTA a ‘trading disaster’ 2690 North Korea warns U.S. of ‘super-mighty pre-emptive strike’ as tensions mount 1829 Sponsored content Popular Videos Justin Trudeau responds to Trump’s attack on Canada’s dairy industry WATCH NOW Judge rules non-Catholic students cannot attend Catholic schools in Saskatchewan WATCH NOW PM Trudeau discusses what he has learned about Trump since presidency WATCH NOW Oklahoma’s ‘Witch grandma’ sentenced to 3 consecutive life sentences for child abuse WATCH NOW $10.25M lawsuit filed for hit on NHL linesman WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com News World Missing Tennessee student, 15, found safe, teacher arrested in California The pair’s disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl. Authorities in California have arrested a Tennessee high school teacher suspected of kidnapping one of his students in March.(Reuters) By Sheila BurkeThe Associated Press Thu., April 20, 2017 NASHVILLE—A 15-year-old Tennessee girl who disappeared with her teacher more than a month ago was found safe at a commune in California and the teacher was arrested, authorities said Thursday. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said 50-year-old Tad Cummins surrendered without incident in Cecilville, which is in northern California. Authorities said they found Cummins’ Nissan Rogue and later located the pair. The agency said it planned a news conference for 4 p.m. EDT to release more details. The pair’s disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is a community about 100 kilometres south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. “We’re so happy that California police worked quickly and were able to find them and get her safe,” one of the girl’s sisters told The Tennessean. “I believe the FBI are going to make sure she’s healthy before she comes home,” she said. “We’ll make sure she’ll get what therapy she needs and that she’s safe, that she knows she’s safe.” Article Continued Below Police had previously issued an Amber alert for the girl and said they had warrants charging the health sciences teacher with sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping. The Associated Press is not naming the girl or her family members because she is an alleged victim of a sex crime. Authorities said a 15-year-old Tennessee girl who disappeared with Tad Cummins, who was her teacher, last month has been found safe in California and the teacher has been arrested.  (Tennessee Burau of Investigations / AP)   Court papers filed recently in the girl’s disappearance said she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. A lawyer for the girl’s family has said the teacher was allowed to continue working at the school for two weeks after he was reported kissing the student. Attorney Jason Whatley has said the school system must have not believed the student’s report. The school’s investigative files provided to The Associated Press by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was “a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down,” according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins’ class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins’ classroom to make sure students weren’t there when they weren’t supposed to be. The teacher would later be reprimanded on Feb. 3 by school principal Penny Love after the girl was seen in Cummins classroom for a little more than half an hour that day. In her letter, Love said the girl being in his classroom was a violation of the principal’s order to him. The school system didn’t suspend Cummins until Feb. 6. He was fired about a month later, a day after the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert about the teen. The agency said it worked tirelessly for the past five weeks, investigating more than 1,500 leads from all 50 states. Two days after the girl disappeared, surveillance images from a Walmart in Oklahoma City showed Cummins and the girl purchasing food items in the store with cash, the agency said. The statement said the images captured showed Cummins had altered his hair to appear darker and the girl’s hair may have changed to red. Last month, the teacher’s wife of 31 years filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. Siskiyou County Sheriff’s spokeswoman Kelly Giordano did not immediately return a call for comment. Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 6°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs And the happiest kids in the world are ...: Weikle Brandie Weikle speaks to the author of a new book on how Dutch parents help their kids achieve happiness. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Donald Trump Academy Awards Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Sports ESPN New York Entertainment Movie Reviews Neighborhood Eats The Trend Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Send photos/videos here or use #abc7NY Follow Us NEWS Missing Tennessee student found, former teacher arrested Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7ny.com/video/embed/?pid=1896763" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> ABC's Erielle Reshef has the latest details. (Tennessee Bureau of Investigations ) AP By SHEILA BURKE Thursday, April 20, 2017 08:12PM NASHVILLE, Tennessee -- A 15-year-old Tennessee girl was rescued near a cabin in a remote part of northern California on Thursday, more than a month after her 50-year-old teacher kidnapped her and set off a nationwide manhunt, authorities said. Health sciences teacher Tad Cummins surrendered to sheriff's deputies without incident in Cecilville, California, hours after they had set up surveillance on his vehicle in the area, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said. The girl was apparently healthy and unharmed, and authorities said their main concern was her emotional and mental state. "We couldn't be happier to tell you she will soon be on her way back home to Tennessee," Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Director Mark Gwyn said. Cummins faces state charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor as well as a federal charge of taking a minor across state lines to have sex. If convicted of the federal charge, he faces at least 10 years in prison, acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith said. Authorities declined to answer a question on whether the girl went willingly, saying it didn't matter. "At the end of the day she's 15 years old, she's 15 years old, she's a young girl that's with a grown man that's 50 years old. He needs to be held accountable for kidnapping this girl," Gwyn said. Authorities received a tip late Wednesday night that the pair may have taken up residence in the woods in Siskiyou County, perhaps for more than a week, bureau spokesman Josh DeVine said. The remote, mountainous area has limited cellphone service and the terrain is difficult to traverse. Snow was still on the ground in some places. Authorities had earlier said the arrest happened at a commune but later clarified that it occurred in a very remote area and that they were still collecting evidence. The pair's disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is a community about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. "We're so happy that California police worked quickly and were able to find them and get her safe," one of the girl's sisters told The Tennessean. "I believe the FBI are going to make sure she's healthy before she comes home," she said. "We'll make sure she'll get what therapy she needs and that she's safe, that she knows she's safe." The Associated Press is not naming the girl or her family members because she is an alleged victim of a sex crime. Court papers filed recently in the girl's disappearance said she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. A lawyer for the girl's family has said the teacher was allowed to continue working at the school for two weeks after he was reported kissing the girl. Attorney Jason Whatley has said the school system must have not believed the student's report. The school's investigative files provided to The Associated Press by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was "a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down," according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins' class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins' classroom to make sure students weren't there when they weren't supposed to be. The teacher would later be reprimanded on Feb. 3 by school principal Penny Love after the girl was seen in Cummins' classroom for a little more than half an hour that day. In her letter, Love said the girl being in his classroom was a violation of the principal's order to him. The school system didn't suspend Cummins until Feb. 6. He was fired about a month later - a day after the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert about the teen. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said it worked tirelessly for the past five weeks, looking into more than 1,500 leads from all 50 states. Two days after the girl disappeared, surveillance images from a Walmart in Oklahoma City showed Cummins and the girl purchasing food items in the store with cash. The images showed Cummins had altered his hair to appear darker and the girl's hair may have changed to red. The teacher's wife of 31 years has filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. Related Topics: newskidnapamber alertkidnappingabductionteacherteacher arrested Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Arkansas carries out first execution since 2005 Hospitalized George H.W. Bush gets 'big morale boost' ISIS claims responsibility for Paris attack that killed 1 police officer and wounded 2 more Missing Tenn. student found, former teacher arrested 14-year veteran FDNY firefighter dies after fall in Queens More News Top Stories 14-year veteran FDNY firefighter dies after fall in Queens Memorials grow for fallen firefighter in NYC and on Long Island EXCLUSIVE: Beating of Uber driver on Long Island could bring about new legislation Officer killed in Paris shooting; ISIS claims responsibility Video captures toddler being attacked by pit bull in Rockland County Surveillance shows home health aide in Rockland Co. abusing child, police say LI foster father sexual abuse trial enters closing arguments phase Show More EXCLUSIVE: AMNH worker files discrimination, harassment lawsuit Foundation presents sons of slain EMT with large donation 16-year-old is victim in Coney Island attack; 2 arrested so far 2 Seattle officers shot while responding to robbery VIDEO: 19 facing charges in Bronx gang takedown More News Top Video EXCLUSIVE: Beating of Uber driver on Long Island could bring about new legislation Memorials grow for fallen firefighter in NYC and on Long Island 14-year veteran FDNY firefighter dies after fall in Queens AccuWeather forecast for the New York area More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories Video Photos 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WABC-TV New York. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Sports ESPN New York Entertainment Movie Reviews Neighborhood Eats The Trend Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Send photos/videos here or use #abc7NY Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WABC-TV New York
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Deckers Outdoor Corp - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deckers Outdoor Corp with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Vodafone Group Plc (VOD) Position Decreased by Ledyard National Bank Ledyard National Bank Has $1.079 Million Position in Analog Devices, Inc. (ADI) Deckers Outdoor Corp (DECK) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Shows Somewhat Critical Media Coverage Very Likely to Impact Burger King Worldwide (BKW) Stock Price Somewhat Negative Press Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Synthetic Biologics (SYN) Share Price Exelon Co. (EXC) Shares Sold by Hartford Investment Management Co. Quotient Investors LLC Sells 61,100 Shares of Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Hartford Investment Management Co. Has $9.797 Million Position in Hewlett Packard Enterprise Co (HPE) Zacks: Brokerages Expect Agenus Inc (AGEN) Will Post Earnings of -$0.32 Per Share $3.09 Billion in Sales Expected for Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) This Quarter Varex Imaging Corp (VREX) SVP Mark S. Jonaitis Sells 18,089 Shares Richmont Mines Inc. (RIC) Director Renaud Adams Sells 50,000 Shares KeyCorp Comments on Cimarex Energy Co’s Q2 2018 Earnings (XEC) Courier Capital LLC Decreases Stake in CBS Co. (CBS) Amyris Inc (AMRS) Major Shareholder (Mauritius) Pte Ltd Maxwell Sells 1,636,930 Shares of Stock Tyson Foods, Inc. (TSN) Stake Maintained by Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A Middleton & Co Inc MA Has $277,000 Stake in Darden Restaurants, Inc. (DRI) Middleton & Co Inc MA Has $620,000 Stake in Alliance Data Systems Co. (ADS) Northern Trust Co. (NTRS) Shares Bought by Trust Department MB Financial Bank N A Cerner Co. (CERN) Stake Reduced by Professional Advisory Services Inc. Deckers Outdoor Corp (DECK) Earning Somewhat Negative News Coverage, Analysis Shows April 20th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet Media headlines about Deckers Outdoor Corp (NYSE:DECK) have trended somewhat negative this week, according to AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis. AlphaOne, a unit of Accern, scores the sentiment of media coverage by reviewing more than 20 million blog and news sources in real-time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Deckers Outdoor Corp earned a daily sentiment score of -0.06 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also gave news articles about the textile maker an impact score of 76 out of 100, indicating that recent media coverage is likely to have an effect on the stock’s share price in the immediate future. These are some of the media stories that may have impacted Alpha One Sentiment Analysis’s scoring: Investor Watch: ATR in Review for Deckers Outdoor Corp (DECK) – SKV News (skvnews.com) Given Its Low Debt-Load, Is Deckers Outdoor Corporation (DECK) A Financially Sound Company? (simplywall.st) Deckers Outdoor Corp (DECK) Given Average Recommendation of “Hold” by Analysts (americanbankingnews.com) Deckers Outdoor Corp (DECK) Receives Media Impact Score of 0.10 (americanbankingnews.com) Walmart Is Buying Hot Online Retailers at a Stunning Pace- Here’s Who It Could Be Buying Next (finance.yahoo.com) Shares of Deckers Outdoor Corp (NYSE:DECK) traded up 1.35% during midday trading on Thursday, reaching $58.41. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 124,854 shares. The stock’s market capitalization is $1.87 billion. The company has a 50 day moving average of $55.81 and a 200-day moving average of $56.58. Deckers Outdoor Corp has a 52 week low of $44.00 and a 52 week high of $69.94. Deckers Outdoor Corp (NYSE:DECK) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, February 2nd. The textile maker reported $4.11 earnings per share for the quarter, missing the consensus estimate of $4.24 by $0.13. Deckers Outdoor Corp had a positive return on equity of 12.45% and a negative net margin of 0.13%. The company had revenue of $760.30 million for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $789.08 million. During the same quarter in the previous year, the company posted $4.78 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was down 4.5% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities research analysts predict that Deckers Outdoor Corp will post $3.49 earnings per share for the current year. Several equities analysts have recently commented on DECK shares. Stifel Nicolaus boosted their price objective on Deckers Outdoor Corp to $64.00 in a research report on Thursday, February 9th. Zacks Investment Research upgraded Deckers Outdoor Corp from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Monday, April 10th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc upgraded Deckers Outdoor Corp from a “negative” rating to a “neutral” rating and decreased their target price for the stock from $46.00 to $40.00 in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Buckingham Research upgraded Deckers Outdoor Corp from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $80.00 target price on the stock in a research report on Wednesday, January 18th. Finally, Telsey Advisory Group decreased their target price on Deckers Outdoor Corp from $74.00 to $64.00 and set an “outperform” rating on the stock in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. Two investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, thirteen have assigned a hold rating and eight have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has an average rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $58.00. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another website, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright and trademark law. The original version of this article can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/20/deckers-outdoor-corp-deck-earning-somewhat-negative-news-coverage-analysis-shows.html. Deckers Outdoor Corp Company Profile Deckers Outdoor Corporation is engaged in designing, marketing and distributing footwear, apparel and accessories for both everyday casual lifestyle use and high performance activities. The Company’s segments include operations of its brands, such as UGG, Teva, Sanuk and other brands; wholesale divisions, and Direct-to-Consumer (DTC) business, which includes E-Commerce business and retail store business. Receive News & Ratings for Deckers Outdoor Corp Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Deckers Outdoor Corp and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics Economists: U.S. Economy Needs Immigrants White House Returns to Square One With Tax Reform Government Wants to Know Trump Critic on Twitter © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Jury Awards $3M to Widow of Ex-Reed Smith Partner Roy Strom The AmLaw Daily CONTINUE Chadbourne Ousts Partner Suing Firm for Gender Bias Brian Baxter The AmLaw Daily Rookie Judges Start to Wrangle MDL Dockets Amanda Bronstad The National Law Journal Whittier Law School’s Collapse Won’t Be the Last: Experts Karen Sloan Law.Com What's in Your Warehouse? Closing the Business Intelligence Data Gap Zach Warren Legaltech News Fasten Your Seatbelts: Driverless Cars Leaving the Law in the Dust › Profile Who Has the Keys to Self-Driving Cars? By Amanda Ciccatelli|Inside Counsel News Apple Enters Self-Driving Race: Here's the Overall Lineup In-Depth Analysis In Complex Cases, Some Judges Geek Out Expert Opinion Got Cool New Tech? There's a Lawsuit for That Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS Tesla Autopilot Features Defective, 'Dangerous If Engaged,' Suit Claims Ben Hancock The Recorder MinterEllison Loses One Energy Partner, Adds Another Anna Zhang The Asian Lawyer Artist's Use of Photo Transformed Work, Lawyer Stresses Andrew Denney New York Law Journal The Young and the Restless Vivia Chen The Careerist Celebrity Lawyer Can't Shake Defamation Suit Over Tweets Amanda Bronstad The Recorder Whittier Law School, Unable to 'Right-Size,' Will Close Leigh Jones The Recorder Embracing Digital, LSAT Loosens Its Grip on the No. 2 Pencil Karen Sloan Law.Com Popular     Whittier Law School’s Collapse Won’t Be the Last: Experts Family of Deceased New York Judge Rejects Suicide Theory Judges Know What 'All Due Respect' Really Means—And Other Tips From the Bench Addicted or Depressed Lawyers Need More than ‘Wellness’ Whittier Law School, Unable to 'Right-Size,' Will Close PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Your H-1B Petition Was Not Selected in the Lottery; Now What? Michael J. P. Schewe Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Kimberly Rice Structuring and Managing Practice Groups Joel A. Rose MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS Appellate Court upholds City of San Diego’s pension reform measure against unfair labor practices charge The Fourth District Court of Appeal considered an unfair labor practices challenge brought by unions against the city of San Diego under the state’s Meyers-Milias-Brown Act. Download FCA launches discussion on distributed ledger technology UK regulator calls for submissions on potential uses, risks and benefits of distributed ledger technology in the financial services sector. Download California State Court poised to destabilize Low Carbon Fuel Standard Big changes appear to be imminent for California’s Low Carbon Fuel Standard. Download Gender pay reporting: final version of ACAS guidance Regulations requiring larger private sector employers to publish their gender pay gap figures came into force on 6 April 2017. Download Do I have to consider mediation? Those involved in litigation who still think they can avoid having to consider mediation need to think again. Download The future of environmental enforcement? Petition dismissed in Southern California Alliance Of Publicly Owned Treatment Works v. US EPA. Download Preparing for the GDPR New employee data subject rights could disrupt core HR procedures. Download After Brexit, what next for the Brussels I Regulation (Recast)? This article looks at three steps the UK Government should take to assuage fears of upheaval in the system of commercial dispute resolution after Brexit. Download The flashpoints hindering gender parity in law: a best practice guide to improving diversity Diversity is rising up the agenda for law firms, with more and more GCs now demanding a better gender balance among their external advisers. This report, which looks at some of the flashpoints hindering progress, includes a best practice checklist for firms aiming to boost diversity among their ranks. Download Why you need to think like a tech company Innovation and disruptive technology are constant themes across all sectors in the Australian economy – no sector is immune. Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Structuring and Managing Practice Groups The Science and Magic of Content Marketing Lawyers Are Interesting People, Too Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Ohio Innocence Project Handed $15 Million Donation When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Connect with Snopes TOP TAGS: ASP Articledonald trumpbarack obamahillary clintonNot Necessarily The Newsanimalselection 2016fake newspoliticsmusichoaxesMoviesfacebooksomething for nothingRadio & TVTelevision What’s New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive About FAQ Contact Random What's New Hot 50 Fact Check News Video Archive Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings About FAQ Contact Random Automobiles Business Cokelore College Computers Crime Critter Country Disney Embarrassments Fauxtography Food Fraud & Scams Glurge Gallery History Holidays Horrors Inboxer Rebellion Language Legal Affairs Lost Legends Love Media Matters Medical Military Questionable Quotes Racial Rumors Radio & TV Religion Risqué Business Science September 11th Sports Travel Weddings Get the Newsletter Get in Contact Thank you for signing up: User@email.com Sign up for the Snopes.com newsletter and get daily updates on all the best rumors, news and legends delivered straight to your inbox. cancel Know of a rumor you want investigated? Press related inquiry? Lonely and just want to chat? Select from one of these options to get in touch with us: Submit a Rumor Website Feedback Advertising Inquiry cancel 438 Fact Check Fake News Did a Teen Boy Die After Pleasuring Himself 46 Times? Images from a fatal shooting in Detroit were used to accompany a fake news claim that a teenaged boy died of "orgasmic shock." 438 CLAIM A teen boy died of "orgasmic shock" after masturbating 46 times in a row. false RATING false ORIGIN In April 2017, Now44News reworked a years-old legend into an article reporting that a teen boy died of “orgasmic shock” immediately after masturbating 46 times in a row: Jerome Carpenter was found dead in his bedroom after apparently masturbating too much. It is speculated that Jerome was suffering from depression due to being “extremely lonely” and not getting no P*ssy for 3 days. Jerome’s Mother called Portland police after discovering his corpse in his room. Jerome’s mother told Now44News reporters “1 hour passed since I had called him down for lunch, Jerome was the kind of boy to steal food off your plate when you were not looking, i knew something was wrong when he didn’t come down to eat, he was a great kid” she finished as she began to cry. Like similar dubious claims, the story had plenty of holes (such as the question of precisely how anyone might have known how many times the boy pleasured himself before suddenly expiring). Now44News appears to be the newest version of known hoax purveyor Now8News, with an identical interface and similar style of content. Like Now8News, Now44News used an image from an unrelated crime scene photographed in 2013 in Detroit. The snapshot showed the aftermath of a fatal shooting, and had no connection to any masturbation-related death. Now8News‘ prior hoaxes included claims that a man had sex with a pig in a Walmart restroom; that aborted fetuses were found to be an ingredient in Chicken McNuggets; that Walmart bananas were infested with deadly parasitic worms; that a Walmart shopper was discovered engaging in a sex act with a sausage; that a separate shopper was arrested for “trying on” feminine hygiene products in an aisle at a Walmart; that a jilted man fed his unfaithful fiancee’s remains to her unsuspecting parents; that a man was found cannibalizing a teen inside a haunted house attraction; that a lottery winner died after gold plating his genitalia; that a tube of cookie dough exploded inside a female shoplifter (again at Walmart); that a riot followed a public gastrointestinal incident related to “vodka butt shots“; and that police found bodies in a Satanic dungeon under a Chuck E. Cheese. Snopes Delivered to Your Inbox: Feedback Fact Checker: Kim LaCapria Featured Image: Jenov Jenovallen / Shutterstock.com Published: Apr 20th, 2017 Ask. Chat. Poke.Snopes Facebook Group View All Featured Video BarackObamaandtheNationalAnthem Fact Check Political News Updated A decade-old brouhaha over a photograph that shows Barack Obama not placing his hand over his heart while the U.S. national anthem is being played. View All Most Searched 59K Bananas Injected with HIV-Infected Blood? Fact Check Food Updated Photographs show discolored bananas that have likely fallen prey to a fungus, not to being injected with HIV-infected human blood. 3K President Trump Demands Gold‑Plated Welcome in London? News Political News Apr 15th, 2017 President Trump has reportedly requested a ride with Queen Elizabeth II in a gold-plated carriage during his visit to the United Kingdom. 1K Did the News Media Report the Criminal History of the Wrong David Dao? News Apr 12th, 2017 We found no evidence that reports of Dao's past misidentified the doctor removed from the United flight, but anger over the decision to publish the information is tangible. 1K Couple Finds Out They Are Biological Twins During IVF Treatment? Fact Check Fake News Apr 15th, 2017 Reports that a couple seeking to conceive via IVF discovered through DNA testing that they were fraternal twins are fake news. 70 Pennsylvania Police Report Facebook Murder Suspect Dead News Crime Updated A suspect accused of murdering an elderly man in Ohio and broadcasting the murder via Facebook has reportedly killed himself. View All Most Shared 13K Report: Chechnya Opens ‘Concentration Camp for Homosexuals’ News Apr 11th, 2017 A Russian newspaper reported that Chechens suspected of being gay have been rounded up and detained in secret prisons. 7K Did Ben Carson Discover $500 Billion in Accounting Errors at HUD? Fact Check Apr 7th, 2017 An audit of Housing and Urban Development's books was carried out by the Office of the Inspector General and found an aggregate of billions in accounting errors. 7K Could Cipro and Other Fluoroquinolone Antibiotics Cause Irreversible Tendon Damage? Fact Check Medical Mar 22nd, 2017 Though still rare, the potential risks are significant enough for the Food and Drug Administration to suggest limiting these drugs’ use to cases of absolute necessity. 22K Does ‘Paint Thinner’ Trisodium Phosphate Lurk in Cereals? Fact Check Food Updated Trisodium phosphate is a common and safe additive used in small amounts in various foods, not a form of 'paint thinner.' 4K Passenger Dragged by Force from a United Airlines Flight News Apr 10th, 2017 Airport police bloodied a man's lip as they pulled him out of his seat to make room for United employees flying standby. More from Snopes What’s New About Us Hot 50 Fact Check Staff Random News FAQ RSS Feed Video Contact Message Board Urban Legends Reference Pages© 1995- by snopes.com | This material may not be reproduced without permission | Snopes and the snopes.com logo are registered service marks of snopes.com Your Email Address Message 
				 OK Your Name Your Email Address Your Friend's Address 
				 OK Copy this http://www.snopes.com/teen-boy-46-times/ ×
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation World Elections Photos Nation/World Missing Tennessee student found safe; teacher arrested in California Thu., April 20, 2017, 11:36 a.m. By Sheila Burke Associated Press Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS In this undated file photo released by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigations shows Tad Cummins in Tennessee. (Tennessee Bureau of Investigations / Associated Press) NASHVILLE, Tenn. – A 15-year-old Tennessee girl who disappeared with her teacher more than a month ago was found safe in California and the teacher was arrested, authorities said Thursday. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said 50-year-old Tad Cummins had been taken into custody and that the girl was found in Siskiyou County in northern California. The agency said it planned a news conference for 1 p.m. PDT to release more details. The pair’s disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is a community about 60 miles south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. On March 15, surveillance images from a Walmart in Oklahoma City showed Cummins and the girl purchasing food items in the store with cash, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said. The statement said the images captured showed Cummins had altered his hair to appear darker and the girl may have changed her hair color to red. Police had previously issued an Amber alert for the girl and said they had warrants charging the health sciences teacher with sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping. Court papers filed recently in the girl’s disappearance said she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. A lawyer for the girl’s family has said the teacher was allowed to continue working at the school for two weeks after he was reported kissing the student. Attorney Jason Whatley has said the school system must have not believed the student’s report. The school’s investigative files provided to the Associated Press by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was “a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down,” according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins’ class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins’ classroom to make sure students weren’t there when they weren’t supposed to be. The teacher would later be reprimanded on Feb. 3 by school principal Penny Love after the girl was seen in Cummins classroom for a little more than half an hour that day. In her letter, Love said the girl being in his classroom was a violation of the principal’s order to him. The school system didn’t suspend Cummins until Feb. 6. He was fired about a month later, a day after the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert about the teen. Last month, the teacher’s wife of 31 years filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. Siskiyou County Sheriff’s spokeswoman Kelly Giordano did not immediately return a call for comment. Published: April 20, 2017, 11:36 a.m.  Tags: California, education, missing student, student, Tennessee ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
PennLive Menu Home News Sports Penn State Football High School Sports Entertainment Food & Dining Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Local News National & World Pa. Politics Business Harrisburg Philadelphia Pittsburgh Community News Obituaries Crime Weather Traffic Photos Videos Special Projects Site Index Back to Main Menu Penn State Football Pittsburgh Panthers Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers NFL Recruiting High School Sports Fantasy Football Motorsports Little League World Series Penn State Sports Penn State Wrestling Hershey Bears Harrisburg Senators Harrisburg City Islanders Golf Outdoors Back to Main Menu Eagles Steelers Ravens Back to Main Menu Fan Talk Recruiting Videos Photo Galleries PSU Columnists Back to Main Menu Bob Flounders David Jones Greg Pickel Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Offseason Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Field Hockey Boys Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Bowling Back to Main Menu Pa. Life & Culture Cool Spaces Vintage Photos Proms Movies Music Television Travel Living Gardening Columnists Events Comics Puzzles Back to Main Menu Nancy Eshelman Dawn Marron Marcus Schneck George Weigel Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Cooking & Recipes Restaurants PennLive Picks Back to Main Menu Editorials Op-Eds John Micek's Morning Coffee Letters to the Editor Cartoons Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Tumblr Follow us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search PennLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to PennLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts comments Fraud, retail theft suspects arrested in midstate Print Email Barbara Miller | bmiller@pennlive.com By Barbara Miller | bmiller@pennlive.com The Patriot-News Email the author | Follow on Twitter on April 20, 2017 at 2:02 PM comments Lower Allen Township police have made several arrests in fraud and retail theft cases. Lower Allen Township policeLower Allen Township   Creighton McMorris, 25, of Mirmar, Fla., was charged Wednesday with making more than $5,000 in money order purchases at Walmart with fake credit cards. He was placed in Cumberland County Prison in lieu of $30,000 bail. Charged April 14 with taking more than $3,130 of merchandise from five stores at Capital City Mall were Sierra Gilbert, 22; Sha'Kaydia Walker, 28; and Erica Wheeler, 28, all of Baltimore, Md. They were apprehended after a traffic stop, and are in the county prison in lieu of $30,000 bail. Man charged in homicide also accused of terrorizing another family: Police Most Read PENNLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest Tumblr Active Discussions Get 'Today's Front Page' in your inbox This newsletter is sent every morning at 6 a.m. and includes the morning's top stories, a full list of obituaries, links to comics and puzzles and the most recent news, sports and entertainment headlines. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for signing up for 'Today's Front Page' To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us PA Media Group PennLive The Patriot-News Advertise with Us Career Opportunities Contact Us Send Us a News Tip Community Rules Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Manage your Patriot-News Subscription e-Newsletters PennLive Sections Home News Sports PSU Football High School Sports Entertainment Pa. Life & Culture Pa. Food & Dining Opinion Business Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Mobile Apps iPhone, Android Apps | Tablet Apps More on PennLive Videos Photos Weather Contests Post a Job Post a Free Classified Ad Sell your Car Sell/Rent your Home Sitemap & Search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 PA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Tennessee girl safe, teacher arrested near California cabin - WOWK 13 Charleston, Huntington WV News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Bizarre News Crime/Courts Education Emergencies Government Health Missing Persons More News Recalls Special Reports Weather StormTracker 13 Weather App 7 Day Forecast Weather Eyes Radar Local Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temps Regional Sat School Closings Local Weather Warnings Sports College Sports High School Sports High School Sports Scores Hooked on the Outdoors Local Sports Marshall Sports West Virginia Illustrated WV Power Baseball Video Community Hidden History Events Calendar Journey WOWKitchen Recipe West Virginia Day What's On WOWK TV Schedule Contests About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us EEO/Public Files FCC Public Inspection File Meet the Team Tactive Digital Work For Us Tennessee girl safe, teacher arrested near California cabin Posted: Thursday, April 20, 2017 1:37 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, April 20, 2017 9:09 PM EDT By SHEILA BURKE Associated Press NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) - A 15-year-old Tennessee girl was rescued near a cabin in a remote part of northern California on Thursday, more than a month after her 50-year-old teacher kidnapped her and set off a nationwide manhunt, authorities said. Health sciences teacher Tad Cummins surrendered to sheriff's deputies without incident in Cecilville, California, hours after they had set up surveillance on his vehicle in the area, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said. The girl was apparently healthy and unharmed, and authorities said their main concern was her emotional and mental state. "We couldn't be happier to tell you she will soon be on her way back home to Tennessee," Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Director Mark Gwyn said. Cummins faces state charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor as well as a federal charge of taking a minor across state lines to have sex. If convicted of the federal charge, he faces at least 10 years in prison, acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith said. Authorities declined to answer a question on whether the girl went willingly, saying it didn't matter. "At the end of the day she's 15 years old. She's 15 years old; she's a young girl that's with a grown man that's 50 years old. He needs to be held accountable for kidnapping this girl," Gwyn said. Authorities received a tip late Wednesday night that the pair may have taken up residence in the woods in Siskiyou County, perhaps for more than a week, bureau spokesman Josh DeVine said. The remote, mountainous area has limited cellphone service and the terrain is difficult to traverse. Snow was still on the ground in some places. Authorities had earlier said the arrest happened at a commune but later clarified that it occurred in a very remote area and that they were still collecting evidence. The pair's disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is a community about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. "We're so happy that California police worked quickly and were able to find them and get her safe," one of the girl's sisters told The Tennessean. "I believe the FBI are going to make sure she's healthy before she comes home," she said. "We'll make sure she'll get what therapy she needs and that she's safe, that she knows she's safe." The Associated Press is not naming the girl or her family members because she is an alleged victim of a sex crime. Court papers filed recently in the girl's disappearance said she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. A lawyer for the girl's family has said the teacher was allowed to continue working at the school for two weeks after he was reported kissing the girl. Attorney Jason Whatley has said the school system must have not believed the student's report. The school's investigative files provided to The Associated Press by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was "a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down," according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins' class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins' classroom to make sure students weren't there when they weren't supposed to be. The teacher would later be reprimanded on Feb. 3 by school principal Penny Love after the girl was seen in Cummins' classroom for a little more than half an hour that day. In her letter, Love said the girl being in his classroom was a violation of the principal's order to him. The school system didn't suspend Cummins until Feb. 6. He was fired about a month later - a day after the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert about the teen. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said it worked tirelessly for the past five weeks, looking into more than 1,500 leads from all 50 states. Two days after the girl disappeared, surveillance images from a Walmart in Oklahoma City showed Cummins and the girl purchasing food items in the store with cash. The images showed Cummins had altered his hair to appear darker and the girl's hair may have changed to red. The teacher's wife of 31 years has filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. ____ Kristin Bender in San Francisco contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. WOWKTV.COM 350 Quarrier Street Charleston, WV 25301 Main (304) 343-1313 Fax (304) 343-6138 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 Frankly Media and WOWK. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Life Clips, Inc. Signs Five-Year Sales and Marketing Contract with Textiss USA /EINPresswire.com/ — AVENTURA, FLORIDA–(Marketwired – Apr 20, 2017) – Life Clips, Inc. (OTCQB:LCLP) (the „Company”) a designer and seller of mobile accessories, and provider of global sourcing and sales and marketing services, announced today that it has entered into a five-year contract to provide global sales and marketing to Textiss USA (Textiss) for its Crazyboxer line. Textiss is a global leader in the textile and garment industry with a specialization in the design, production, and distribution of underwear. With worldwide distribution in over 26 countries, a catalog encompassing 15 brands, and nearly 30 underwear licenses including such renowned brands as Marvel, Star Wars, Transformers, The Simpsons, DC Comics and many more. Over the five-year contract, the Company will provide worldwide multi-channel retail sales and marketing to Textiss for the following accounts: Costco, HSN, Sam’s Club, Wal-Mart, Target, Nordstrom’s Rack, Amazon.com, Walmart.com, Jet.com, Boxed.com, Costco.com, Samsclub.com, Target.com, Zappos.com and Nordstrom.com. Travis Hoyt, Director of Operations for Textiss USA, said „We are very excited to be working with the team at Life Clips to help grow our brand’s e-commerce distribution as well as to broaden our retail footprint across America. Life Clips, through their vast contact network and extensive knowledge of the retail environment, have a proven track record of maximizing brands’ retail potential.” Mr. Hoyt continued, „The Crazyboxer line is on the cutting edge of the novelty sublimated underwear market and with the support and guidance of the Life Clips sales professionals the brand will have even more momentum going into the future.” Huey Long, CEO of Life Clips, said „We are happy to be working with Textiss leveraging our team’s years of experience in multi-channel sales and marketing as part of our new services offering. The Crazy Boxer brand is unique and exciting and we look forward to many years of success.” Life Clips and Textiss will have the option to extend the initial five-year term for additional periods of one-year each at the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term. Safe Harbor Statement In addition to statements of current and historical fact, this Press Release contains forward-looking statements. The words „forecast,” „will,” „intend,” „anticipate,” „project,” „intend,” „expect,” „should,” „believe” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this Press Release, we caution you that these statements are based on a combination of facts and factors currently known by Life Clips and its projections of the future, about which it cannot be certain. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, including those discussed in „Risk Factors” and „Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Life Clips’ annual report on Form 10-Q and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the „SEC”), as well as matters discussed in Life Clips’ financial statements and related notes and other filings with the SEC, which may cause its actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly, all forward-looking statements should be evaluated with an understanding of their inherent uncertainty. Except as required by law, Life Clips assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. All distribution agreements call for minimum quarterly quotas. There is a risk that the distributor will not meet these quarterly quotas. In the event the quotas are not met the agreements are in breech which could void the agreement. Therefore the dollar volumes may not be attained. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Silver Bull Announces Voting Results From 2017 Annual Shareholder Meeting Next PostNext Cradlepoint Delivers New 4G LTE-Optimized SD-WAN Router Capabilities in NetCloud OS Release 6.3 Search Recent Posts Global Hepatocellular Carcinoma Drug Sales (Nexavar & Miripla), Pipeline Analysis and Global Market Forecast 2022 Overwhelming evidence vindicates twin sisters, Dina Shacknai and Nina Romano, and proves their innocence regarding any involvement in Rebecca Zahau’s death, per Keith Greer, Plaintiff’s counsel Diebold Nixdorf To Conduct Investor Call On 2017 First Quarter Financial Results Houston students get a lesson in financial literacy from BBVA Compass, with assist from NBA legends Global Market Study on Spirulina: Powder Product Form Segment Anticipated to Dominate the Global Market in Terms of both Value and Volume During 2016 – 2026 Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Sports Business Education Entertainment Life Opinion Weather More Obituaries Classifieds Calendar Real Estate Jobs Shopping NIE Public Notices Contact Us Advertise DRC Digital Media Special Sections View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest Denton news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DentonRC.com! Search the Denton Record-Chronicle Submit Search News Calendar Blotter Insight Denton Nation And World State Texas Legislature Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram All Topics Home News Argyle Aubrey Bartonville Blotter Calendar Cooke County Copper Canyon Corinth Cropped Out Cross Roads Denton Denton County Denton Enterprise Airport Denton Municipal Electric Dish Double Oak Flower Mound Grapevine Lake Hickory Creek Insight Denton Krugerville Krum Lake Dallas Lantana Lewisville Lewisville Lake Nation And World News Gathering Oak Point Photos Pilot Point Politics Ponder Providence Village Ray Roberts Lake Sanger Shady Shores State Texas Legislature The Watchdog Weather Wise County Yesteryear Sports AP Argyle Eagles Aubrey Chaparrals Braswell Bengals Calvary Academy Lions Colleges Dallas Cowboys Dallas Mavericks Dallas Stars Denton Broncos Guyer Wildcats High Schools Krum Bobcats Lake Dallas Falcons Liberty Christian Warriors Mean Green Motor sports Other Sports Outdoors Pilot Point Bearcats Ponder Lions Ryan Raiders Sanger Indians Sports AP Headlines TWU Pioneers Texas Rangers The Masters Your Team Entertainment Best of Denton 2017 Denton Dammit Denton Time Movies Music Theater Education Argyle High School Aubrey High School Aubrey ISD Braswell High School Denton Calvary Academy Denton High School Denton ISD Guyer High School Higher Education Immaculate Conception Catholic School Krum High School Krum ISD Lake Dallas High School Lake Dallas ISD Liberty Christian High School North Central Texas College Pilot Point High School Pilot Point ISD Ponder High School Ponder ISD Ryan High School Sanger High School Sanger ISD Selwyn College Preparatory School Texas Woman's University University of North Texas Business Business Chronicle Life AgriLife Extension Anniversaries Engagements Garden Health Native Roots Pools Religion The Place is Argyle Weddings Opinion Columns Editorial Letters Close Close Tennessee student found safe, teacher arrested in California Filed under Nation And World at 12 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Sheila Burke, Associated Press Connect with Sheila Burke Email Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like The Denton Record-Chronicle's Facebook Page NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) -- A 15-year-old Tennessee girl who disappeared with her teacher more than a month ago was found safe in California and the teacher was arrested, authorities said Thursday. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said 50-year-old Tad Cummins had been taken into custody and that the girl was found in Siskiyou County in northern California. The agency said it planned a news conference for 4 p.m. EDT to release more details. The pair's disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is a community about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. Tad Cummins  On March 15, surveillance images from a Walmart in Oklahoma City showed Cummins and the girl purchasing food items in the store with cash, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said. The statement said the images captured showed Cummins had altered his hair to appear darker and the girl may have changed her hair color to red. Police had previously issued an Amber alert for the girl and said they had warrants charging the health sciences teacher with sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping. Court papers filed recently in the girl's disappearance said she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. A lawyer for the girl's family has said the teacher was allowed to continue working at the school for two weeks after he was reported kissing the student. Attorney Jason Whatley has said the school system must have not believed the student's report. The school's investigative files provided to The Associated Press by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was "a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down," according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins' class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins' classroom to make sure students weren't there when they weren't supposed to be. The teacher would later be reprimanded on Feb. 3 by school principal Penny Love after the girl was seen in Cummins classroom for a little more than half an hour that day. In her letter, Love said the girl being in his classroom was a violation of the principal's order to him. The school system didn't suspend Cummins until Feb. 6. He was fired about a month later, a day after the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert about the teen. Last month, the teacher's wife of 31 years filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. Siskiyou County Sheriff's spokeswoman Kelly Giordano did not immediately return a call for comment. Comments Tags Nation And World Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with The Denton Record-Chronicle on Facebook. Denton Record-Chronicle @dentonrc Like Denton Record-Chronicle's Facebook Page Taking you back to News More about the Denton Record-Chronicle Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Denton News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram ©2017, Denton Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Home Weather 71° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College Sports Photos Sports Extra Close Finding Charles Rogers: A look at the receiver taken ahead of Andre Johnson Cody J Tucker , Lansing State Journal , KHOU 1:15 PM. CDT April 20, 2017 Detroit Lions wide receiver Charles Rogers watches play during a Thanksgiving Day game, November 24, 2005, at Ford Field, Detroit. The Atlanta Falcons defeated the Lions 27 - 7. (Photo by Al Messerschmidt/Getty Images) (Photo: Al Messerschmidt, This content is subject to copyright.) CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST Charles Rogers walked into the Michigan State University football building for the first time in 15 years on a cold cloudy day last November. He'd been reluctant to return to the campus where he’d been a star, worried that the disappointments were all anybody would remember. Without prompting from former MSU teammate TJ Duckett, he might not have come. “I was facing my fear, bro,” Rogers said, skinny now, emphatically throwing his tattooed arms into the air. But inside the Skandalaris Football Center that day, he and Duckett found themselves in front of a pillar encased in glass. Rogers' photo was inside along with a replica of the 2002 Biletnikoff Trophy, given to the nation’s top wide receiver. Two of his former coaches, Mark Dantonio and Ken Mannie, were in the building. Mannie, the Spartans strength coach, greeted him with a hug. “It was a beautiful thing,” Rogers said, wiping a tear off his left cheek. “It took so much off my shoulders, man. The joy I felt to see everybody, and no one throwing judgment on you was like I never left. I was just touched. I was in tears, man. I was really crying. Just the shit I have been through, I didn’t know how they would respond to me.” “They said, 'MSU is your home. You are always welcome.'” That was the moment Rogers realized he wasn’t alone, Duckett said. “No matter what happened or what he thinks is the worst possible thing, that’s not the case," he said. "There are a lot of people who still care and love him. I could see him and what it meant to him.” The trophy case was a reminder of what Rogers once was. Of spectacular leaping touchdown grabs and roaring crowds at Spartan Stadium on Saturdays. Of the fact that, in two seasons, he hauled in 135 passes for 2,821 yards and a school record 27 touchdowns. On the other side of the case was a 2002 edition of Sporting News with Rogers on the cover, screaming as he glides through the air. “Meet college football’s best player” it read in bold white letters. It was the smaller headline on the front that kept Rogers away for all these years. “Size. Speed. Hands. Charles Rogers has it all – including a very bright future in the NFL.” That was true — once. A fallen star The man who was once the best player in college football works at Uptown Motors, an auto repair shop off Palm Beach Boulevard in northeast Fort Myers, Florida. His business card says he’s the general manager, but, admittedly, he doesn’t know much about cars. He’ll help with taping up wheels for painting or help lift a motor here and there, but as far as day-to-day maintenance, Rogers said he likes to be more of a “PR guy” for the shop, which is owned by his childhood friend Mel Washington. The building is painted black, scalding hot to the touch in the Florida sun and surrounded by a privacy fence and razor wire. Rogers is eager to show off a pair of pit bulls that sit in a cage on the hot concrete out back. There are more dogs inside that he glowingly refers to as “the hyenas.” “You can’t touch these ones.” He smiled. Rogers is 35 now. He’s wearing $600 shorts and a Wal-Mart T-shirt. He has tattoos on his arms that together spell out "Sag Nasty," an homage to his hometown. He is nearly 30 pounds down from his MSU playing weight of 205. He is shaky. His hands never seem to stay still. He was the No. 2 pick in the 2003 NFL Draft. He signed a $39.5 million contract with the Detroit Lions. It included a guaranteed signing bonus of $14.4 million. He once lived in a million-dollar mansion in the Detroit suburbs with Mercedes-Benz and Cadillacs lining the driveway. He had expensive jewelry, the latest rims and often spent expensive weekends with friends, drinking by the pool and in the clubs of Las Vegas. That party has been over for a while. He says injuries derailed his career: two broken collarbones in his first two seasons with the Lions. But a pain-killer addiction, coupled with failed drug tests and NFL suspensions for marijuana use aided his premature exit from the league. He is considered one of the biggest busts in NFL history. He still smokes marijuana every day. In his mind, injuries and Vicodin ended his career. Marijuana didn’t. The auto shop, he says, is his first “real job.” He likes it. Around the corner is Basil’s, a pizza and sub shop near the end of a long strip mall where he goes to play Mortal Kombat and drink free soda on his breaks. Sitting at a high-top table, leaning forward on a bar stool, he wanted to chat about the past and how he got here. Hometown hero There is a lush green lot on the corner of River and Wisner streets in south Saginaw. It’s empty now. But it was once the site of a middle-class home in the heart of a blue-collar neighborhood. Beagle hunting dogs roamed the backyard. The trees near the sidewalk served as a blockade from the busy traffic that made its way down Hess Avenue from the other side of the Saginaw River. Rogers’ maternal grandparents, Benjamin and Eula Rogers, lived there. It used to be his safe place. “My grandfather raised me,” Rogers said. “He was my rock.” Like most in the neighborhood, Benjamin Rogers worked for General Motors. He was a church-going man. Rogers said he brought structure to his life. Benjamin Rogers also loved to hunt and fish, something he passed down to his oldest grandson. Rogers' relationship with his mother was more chaotic. Cathy Rogers did a brief stint in prison for welfare fraud when Rogers was just 6. He said his mother was never the same after she was released. Sometimes he would stay with her on the north side of town. In 2012, Rogers was arrested for threatening his mother after he said she “stole” $100,000 from him. According to a police report, he threatened to “blow her mouth out” and said he was willing to do “the time” for it. The only time he did for the threat and a handful of other misdemeanor charges was a short stint in a rehab facility. “I have a problem with that,” he said. “I said some things, I was hot.” They still don’t speak. Cathy Rogers didn't respond to messages sent through Facebook and over email. Don Durrett, Rogers’ football coach at Saginaw High School, remembers the bickering. Rogers and his mother both leaned on the coach for guidance from time to time. It wasn't until three years after Rogers graduated from high school that Saginaw became the most violent city in America. But it was already on its way. “One side of town is for guys who like to shoot, the other for thieves,” said Washington, Rogers’ close friend and now his boss. He said he joined the Sunny Side gang as a kid, got shot in the back when he was a teenager. One brother was murdered in a drive-by shooting. The other brother was shot in the neck and paralyzed. “If you make it past 25, it’s a blessing,” Washington said. “Saginaw is bad. Now, it’s even worse. I come from the bottom of the streets. South Saginaw is the worst neighborhood in America.” Despite the chaos in his life – including fathering two children in high school and suffering a punctured lung because of a stab wound — Rogers flourished. He was a state champion sprinter, a standout basketball player and a star under the Friday night lights. At Saginaw High School, photos of Rogers still hang in the hallways. A large yellow banner on the gymnasium wall features his No. 22 jersey and celebrates his status as a high school All-American. Draymond Green and LaMarr Woodley are the only other athletes to have their jerseys retired at Saginaw High. Inside Durrett’s office, an old newspaper clipping sits just below the clock. “Home Groan” is the headline. The photo shows Rogers breaking a tackle in his Lions’ uniform. Not a day goes by that Durrett doesn’t think about Rogers. He called him the best athlete to ever come out of the city. No one comes close in his eyes. Track coach DeEddie Sanders agrees. So does Woodley. “We used to just throw it out there, and he would go get it,” Durrett said, inside his office at the high school, where he now serves as a behavioral specialist. “He made us proud.” Woodley, who went on to play linebacker at the University of Michigan and spent eight years in the NFL, was a freshman at Saginaw when Rogers was a senior. They were teammates for one season, but Woodley said he was Rogers' fan more than his friend. “One side of town is for guys who like to shoot, the other for thieves.”Mel Washington, Charles Rogers' close friend and boss, on Saginaw, Michigan He said he will never forget the stands being filled with college coaches and the day Rogers’ number was retired. He wanted that for himself. He thought of Rogers as a role model. “I will always be a fan of Charles Rogers,” Woodley said from his home in Novi. “That will never change. The things he showed me, positively and negatively, had an effect on my life. I made it because Charles Rogers motivated me. He is the best athlete I have ever seen. He is a great guy and helped a lot of people.” Rogers has yet to be inducted into the Saginaw County Sports Hall of Fame. Durrett has sent the paperwork to Rogers, but never receives an answer. He is on the ballot again this year. Durrett hasn't heard from him. The Hall of Fame is housed in the Castle Museum on the outskirts of downtown. It features photos, trophies and jerseys from the best athletes to come out of Saginaw. The 1999 state championship Trojan football team led by Rogers is enshrined there. It's still the only state title in the program's history. Rogers is front and center in the photo that dominates the Saginaw High showcase, smiling and holding up his left pointer finger. There is also a photo of Rogers taken when he signed with the Lions. Holding up his Honolulu blue jersey, it was the biggest day of his life. It’s just a few rows away from a framed shot of him blazing down the track, breaking one of the two county records he set in 2000. “Ain’t nothing but love for him around here,” Woodley said. Trojan to Spartan Kevin Vickerson knew the game was in the hands of No. 1. On the road in South Bend in 2001, the Spartans were tied 10-10 with less than 2:00 on the clock and facing a 3rd and 6 from the Irish 47-yard line. Quarterback Ryan Van Dyke took a four-step drop and hit Rogers on a slant pass. The rest is history. Rogers beat the entire Notre Dame secondary before leaping into the end zone for the game-winning touchdown. “We had to have a play,” said Vickerson, who played defensive tackle for the Spartans from 2001 to 2004. “He went and got it. That’s Chuck Rogers.” Rogers was the top-ranked wide receiver in the nation coming out of high school. People thought he’d land at Michigan, Florida State or Tennessee. Bobby Williams and the Spartans won him over late. Grades and low ACT scores kept Rogers on the sidelines during his first season in East Lansing, but he proved to be worth the wait. In two short years, he re-wrote the school’s history books. As a junior in 2002, he became the first receiver to record back-to-back 1,000-yard seasons and broke an NCAA record, catching a touchdown pass in 13 straight games for the Spartans. Vickerson, who spent 10 years in the NFL, has played with some of the best receivers in the league: Demaryius Thomas, Wes Welker, Eric Moulds. He said Rogers is still at the top of that list. “I still tell people to this day, he was still one of the best wide receivers I ever played with,” he said. “A healthy Charles Rogers, I’ll take him over anyone.” It was another miraculous catch against Notre Dame that cemented Rogers’ legacy. His life would change forever that week – for good and bad. On Sept. 15, 2002, Rogers received a call that his grandfather had died. The man who raised him, instilled discipline and taught him to hunt and fish was gone. “I think about him every day, especially on Sundays,” Rogers said, staring down at the table inside the Fort Myers restaurant. “He was a church man. If I am going through the TV and I see a hunting show, I think about him. He is in my heart.” Six days later, with a heavy heart and unsure if he would even play, Rogers snagged a 21-yard touchdown catch between two defenders, somehow keeping his left foot in bounds to take a late lead over the Irish. He called it a money game. That November, he declared for the draft. “I knew I was going to be drafted in the top 5 after that one,” Rogers smiled. Benjamin Rogers wouldn't be there to see it. The day Rogers signed with the Spartans had been one of the happiest days of his grandfather's life. “There was a glow to him,” Rogers said. “He would go to work at GM and tell everyone about me. He got him some MSU gear. It’s something that I miss. I was his pride and joy." Rogers was silent, just for a second. “He was mine.” Motor City meltdown Rogers never Googles himself, so he didn’t know that there is a YouTube video called “Detroit Lions Fans Burn Charles Rogers Jerseys." It takes place in the parking lot outside Ford Field before a game in 2012, a way for fans to purge past draft debacles. “You have to try and imagine the pressure he was feeling,” said Joey Harrington, a former Lions quarterback and someone who knows about the pressure of underperforming. There are also internet videos with his No. 3 jersey going up in flames. “What happened to Charles is partly his fault. You have to take ownership for your life. It’s also partly the Lions' fault. And part of it is just a fluke.” Rogers called being drafted by Detroit a “blessing and a curse.” The blessing: He was an NFL player, making millions of dollars, living his dream. The curse: He was less than two hours from his hometown, which meant only 100 miles from “leeches,” people who wanted a piece of Rogers’ pie. “It was like a party all the time,” Rogers said. “Maybe if I wasn’t close to home it would’ve been better. No distractions.” The distractions came early and often in his rookie season. At the NFL combine, Rogers tested positive for a urine-masking agent, which showed excess water in his diluted sample. It was later confirmed that Rogers had also failed two drug tests during his time in East Lansing. In his NFL debut that September, Rogers hauled in a pair of touchdowns in a win over the Arizona Cardinals. It felt like a small glimpse into Rogers' big future in the Motor City and seemed to validate the Lions taking the troubled receiver so high in the draft. But, a month later, his season would end with a broken right collarbone sustained during practice. He'd been the team’s leading receiver with 243 yards on 23 catches and three touchdowns, all three thrown by Harrington. Harrington, who was selected No. 3 overall in the 2002 draft, expected “Harrington to Rogers” to become the next great pass-catch combo in the NFL. He called Rogers “unconventional,” but added that when the lights came on, he showed up. He used words like "trust." If the Lions needed to move the chains, he said, he was looking for No. 80. Instead, they played a total of six games together. “The times Charles was on the field, he was fantastic,” Harrington said from his home in Portland, Oregon. “Everyone talks about ‘gamers.’ Charles was the best definition of a gamer that I came across in my career. He had a knack for making big plays.” Harrington believes Rogers’ tendency to catch the ball in his body led to his second broken collarbone, suffered during the opening game of the 2004 season. Only three offensive plays into the game, Rogers’ season was over. “Everybody knew I smoked. It wasn’t a big deal. It didn’t even hinder my play. I get to Detroit, it’s a whole different story. I understand it. You can say it’s a maturity thing, but I was just playing ball. That’s probably where I went wrong at. It’s a guidance thing, man.”Charles Rogers, on marijuana “It was basic route, and instead of catching the ball with his hands, he cradled it,” Harrington said. “It put him in an awkward position, and he snapped it again. Obviously, his career went sideways and my performance went sideways because I didn’t have him on the field. We struggled on offense. Had he stayed healthy, would it have been a cure-all for all our issues? No. But things would have been on a very different trajectory.” The Lions sent him home to regroup and rehab in the fall of 2004. That, Rogers said, is when he started down a dangerous path. “After I got hurt, I got hooked on them damn things,” he said. He was talking about Vicodin, an addictive pain medication. “(The Lions) were giving them out like candy," he said. "Whatever you want, man. Whatever you want. (They) weren’t even questioning as long as you are on the field. They were passing them out like Skittles. I was straight hooked on them things for 3 or 4 years.” Rogers’ 2005 season got off to yet another rocky start. Only this time, it was self-imposed. In October, he was suspended for four games for violating the NFL’s substance abuse policy. It meant Rogers had failed at least three drug tests. He also returned to the team overweight and without his trademark speed. A little more than a month later, the Lions filed a grievance, demanding more than $10 million of his $14.4 million signing bonus be returned for breaking his contract. Rogers was released by the team the following September. He is defiant when it comes to his dealings with the Lions. He said injuries, not drug abuse, derailed his future, although he admits he smoked marijuana every day in the NFL and while at MSU. “Everybody knew I smoked,” he said, raising his voice and smacking the table. “It wasn’t a big deal. It didn’t even hinder my play. I get to Detroit, it’s a whole different story. I understand it. You can say it’s a maturity thing, but I was just playing ball. That’s probably where I went wrong at. It’s a guidance thing, man.” The Detroit Lions did not respond to request for comment for this story. Rogers left Detroit with millions in the bank and a Vicodin addiction. As for as paying back the $6.1 million he still owes the Lions — the NFL Players Association negotiated the price drop — “I ain’t got nothing to pay them,” he said, shaking his head in defiance. “I am going to file for bankruptcy anyway.” Without football in his life, Rogers’ rap sheet started to fill up. He was blowing through money, making bad investments in car washes and barber shops. He once gave a friend $10,000 to open a business and didn’t even ask what the money was for. Rogers was arrested six times between September of 2008 to October of 2012, on charges ranging from assault and battery and probation violations to DUI, open container violations and marijuana possession. “People like you end up in my courtroom because you are addicts,” Saginaw County District Judge A.T. Frank told Rogers at a hearing in the summer of 2012. “Not because you are bad people. You have a serious addiction problem.” Rogers said he kicked his prescription drug habit after a stint in a Houston rehab facility and has not touched a pain pill in years. He said his last DUI in 2009 “scared him straight,” though he was arrested for alcohol-related issues two more times. The judge "saved my life by putting me in the right situation," Rogers said. That doesn't mean he is exactly sober. “I don’t think marijuana was my downfall, but I can’t narrow it down, man,” he said. “I have a beer watching the game or a fight, but I smoke every day though. I smoke every day. Not even going to lie to you. But I am drug-free other than that." He said he might also turn his love of weed into a legal venture in the future. "You can make a lot of money off it, too," he said. "I know it inside and out." His high school coach thinks he simply had too much freedom in Detroit. “I wish he had someone to lean on when he was in college and the NFL,” Durrett said. “That hurts quite a bit for me sometimes. He could’ve leaned on me. I am his No. 1 fan.” His college teammate Duckett said he was too lost in his own world to lend Rogers a helping hand. “He struggles to ask for help,” said Duckett, who now goes by Todd. “He fell off the map. He didn’t have to contact anyone. He didn’t have to do anything. He didn’t have to talk to you or me.” The next chapter Rogers wasn't lonely when he was at the top. Things are different now that the money's gone. He is bitter about the generosity he shared with the so-called friends from his old neighborhood. He got emotional talking about the support system he thought he had. The day he was drafted, Rogers bused more than 50 people from his hometown to Madison Square Garden to share in the moment with him, acknowledgment for those who helped him reach the top. “I’ve done so much for so many people, and I can’t ask them for shit, that’s the killer. Man, that’s the killer,” he said, with a few more expletives in between. “That hurts, bro. They can’t never say Charlie Rogers was a selfish guy. I didn’t have that wisdom, man. I blew some cash.” He learned from those mistakes, he said. He keeps his inner circle small. He has stayed out of the spotlight for nearly five years. He barely keeps in touch with old teammates and coaches. Durrett said he hears from Rogers on occasion, but it’s typically late at night and he said it often seems like Rogers has been drinking.  “I am getting my life together… A fresh start. Do I need a little love? Yeah. Am I still trying to find Charles Rogers? Yeah. I stay optimistic and positive. I’ve been to hell and back, but I stay strong.”Charles Rogers Rogers sees a therapist at 1 p.m. every Wednesday. He isn’t clinically depressed, but has given himself that diagnosis for years. “Hell yes I was depressed.” His voice was emphatic. Rogers has little family to speak of. He has eight children — four boys and four girls, ages 10 to 19 — with four different mothers. None of his children live with him in Florida, but he said he keeps in touch. He says he’s a good father, but knows that he needs to work on himself before he can play a bigger role in their lives. He is single — kind of — he jokes, but added that he doesn’t want to settle down. He lives with a friend in a white townhouse in a rough part of North Fort Myers. He warns that it's "the slums." It's a far cry from a $1.3 million home he once owned in Novi. Rogers smiles and laughs with employees of the pizza restaurant. This is where he goes to “chill” and watch sports. But he admitted that, when the lights go out, he doesn’t have many people to fall back on. His phone used to ring off the hook, now, it’s mostly Sports Center updates buzzing. Aside from Washington, Rogers said his list of allies is a short one. “I have been my own support system,” he said. “Sometimes I sit back and shed a tear. Sometimes I feel like, where’s the love?” Then in a soft-spoken voice, he named the one person he will always have – “Duck.” “The years that we did not talk, that might have been how long it took me to get where I need to be,” Duckett said, fighting back tears. “We both had our struggles. It’s tough. I look back, I was fighting for my own life. Now you hear a guy that I looked up to, the guy who, when he committed to MSU, I was probably happier than the coaches … It’s hard to hear.” Durrett isn’t buying the notion that Rogers doesn’t have anyone in his corner. For years, his former coach has tried to lure Rogers back to Saginaw to work with kids and share his experiences the way Woodley and Green do. He has even asked Rogers to become an assistant football and track coach. “We love him here,” Durrett said, choking back tears over the phone. “When I am praying for my family, I pray for him, too. He is always in my prayers and I think about the kid. That won’t ever go away. “I wish the best for him. I wish I could cry with him and let his feelings out. He needs to find that explosion within and find out who Charles Rogers really is.” But Charles Rogers is still looking. “I am getting my life together… A fresh start,” he said as he stepped out into the Florida heat and pulled down his sunglasses. “Do I need a little love? Yeah. Am I still trying to find Charles Rogers? Yeah. I stay optimistic and positive. I’ve been to hell and back, but I stay strong. I still have faith. I’m still a young man. It ain’t over. I’m going to be all right, you know? I’m going to be all right.” Contact Cody Tucker at (517) 377-1070 or cjtucker@lsj.com © Gannett Co., Inc. 2017. All Rights Reserved CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Owner furious after neighbor puts dog in garbage can Freeport PD: Teen shot to death at playground 8th grader fatally shot in Freeport park Woman arrested in prostitution raid in Fort Bend County Nurse wrongly accused in murder of husband speaks out BREAKING: Elizabeth Thomas found safe, ex-teacher arrested Freeport PD: Teen shot to death at playground Couple kicked off United flight in Houston Searchers looking in Spring for missing UH student MCSO: 8 people given to ICE after discovery of human smuggling operation More Stories Family demands answers in shooting death of 8th grader Apr 20, 2017, 1:41 p.m. 600 pounds of kush worth $2.5 million seized by police Apr 20, 2017, 4:14 p.m. Texans release 2017 regular season schedule Apr 20, 2017, 7:06 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Animals Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Sandwich Generation Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Sign In Register Home Subscribe Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Vacation Hold Report a problem eEdition Submit News About Us About Us Become a distributor Customer Care Contact Us Advertising Advertising Place an ad Our Partners Our Partners VIP Magazine Hardin County News Jasper Newsboy Lakecaster Southeasttexas Classifieds Archives Careers Local Were you 'Seen'? Crime Weather Communities Communities Orange County Hardin County Kountze Lumberton Silsbee Sour Lake Lakes Region Buna Jasper Kirbyville Newton Woodville Mid-County Groves Nederland Port Arthur Port Neches Sabine Pass Orange County Bridge City Mauriceville Vidor Bolivar Peninsula Chambers County Liberty County cat5 Travel Travel Galveston Bolivar Houston - Kemah Archives Best of Everything Guide Were you 'Seen' at Champagne & Ribs? Were you 'Seen' at Heritage Happy Hour? Were you 'Seen' at Mario Andretti's rally? Read statement from Nederland Heritage Festival regarding missing US & World Nation World Louisiana Texas Hot Topics Arkansas overcomes legal hurdles, carries out execution Motive unclear in killing of 2 utility workers in St. Louis The Latest: Inmate lost consciousness quickly, witnesses say Resort island without Uber or Lyft wants to keep it that way A&E VIP Magazine Calendar Seen Movies TV Comics Puzzles Horoscopes Games Lottery Photo Sponsored Articles Sylvia Moy, Motown songwriter and producer, dies at age 78 Review: An uneasy mishmash, 'Unforgettable' is forgettable Amos Oz, David Grossman among Intl Booker Prize nominees. Leaving, coming to streaming services in May cat5 Sports High School Lamar The NFL College Football Outdoors The Huddle In the Cards Baseball Golf Basketball Houston Astros Houston Rockets Houston Texans Other sports Arnaud has lived life loving the game UIL hands down punishment to Silsbee, LC-M Lamar baseball falls to No. 9 LSU SETX duo run Boston Marathon for pediatric cancer research Business Technology Texas Business Nation & World Fuel Fix Business Directory Sponsored Content Beaumont Rice Mills turns 125 Port Neches animal groomer takes her work on the road Downtown library to re-open Tuesday JC Penney stores in SETX spared for now Obits Opinion Editorials Letters Submit a Letter Columns Cartoons 'Toon Time 4-20-17 'Toon Time 4-19-17 'Toon Time 4-18-17 'Toon Time 4-17-17 Cars Jobs Latest Local Job Videos Compare your salary Homes SETX Real Estate It's a seller's market... if you can find a place to move The most expensive Lumberton homes on the market $5 million French-style Kirbyville home for sale Century-old downtown Orange building for sale offers eclectic, MenuSections http://www.beaumontenterprise.com/news/crime/article/Authorities-Tennessee-student-teacher-found-in-11086869.php Tennessee girl safe, teacher arrested near California cabin Sheila Burke, Associated Press Updated 8:03 pm, Thursday, April 20, 2017 Image 1of/9 Caption Close Image 1 of 9 Tad Cummins has been arrested. Tad Cummins has been arrested. Image 2 of 9 Elizabeth Thomas, 15, was last seen in Columbia, Tennessee on March 13, 2017. Elizabeth Thomas, 15, was last seen in Columbia, Tennessee on March 13, 2017. Photo: Tennessee Bureau Of Investigation Image 3 of 9 In this undated file photo released by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigations shows Tad Cummins in Tennessee. Anthony Thomas, the father of Elizabeth, a missing Tennessee teenager who vanished with Cummins, told WKRN-TV on Wednesday, April 5, 2017, “we all need you home.” He also urged teacher Cummins to turn himself in. Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas were reported missing on March 13. less In this undated file photo released by the Tennessee Bureau of Investigations shows Tad Cummins in Tennessee. Anthony Thomas, the father of Elizabeth, a missing Tennessee teenager who vanished with Cummins, ... more Photo: AP Image 4 of 9 Elizabeth Thomas, 15, was last seen in Columbia, Tennessee on March 13, 2017. Elizabeth Thomas, 15, was last seen in Columbia, Tennessee on March 13, 2017. Photo: Tennessee Bureau Of Investigation Image 5 of 9 Tad Cummins (left), 50, is accused of kidnapping Elizabeth Thomas (right), 15. Thomas was Cummins' student. Tad Cummins (left), 50, is accused of kidnapping Elizabeth Thomas (right), 15. Thomas was Cummins' student. Photo: Tennessee Bureau Of Investigation Image 6 of 9 Elizabeth Thomas Elizabeth Thomas Photo: TBI Image 7 of 9 Elizabeth Thomas Elizabeth Thomas Photo: TBI Image 8 of 9 Tad Cummins Tad Cummins Photo: TBI Image 9 of 9 Tennessee girl safe, teacher arrested near California cabin 1 / 9 Back to Gallery NASHVILLE, Tenn. (AP) — A 15-year-old Tennessee girl was rescued near a cabin in a remote part of northern California on Thursday, more than a month after her 50-year-old teacher kidnapped her and set off a nationwide manhunt, authorities said. Health sciences teacher Tad Cummins surrendered to sheriff's deputies without incident in Cecilville, California, hours after they had set up surveillance on his vehicle in the area, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said. The girl was apparently healthy and unharmed, and authorities said their main concern was her emotional and mental state. "We couldn't be happier to tell you she will soon be on her way back home to Tennessee," Tennessee Bureau of Investigation Director Mark Gwyn said. A Tennessee woman tells PEOPLE that Tad Cummins, the teacher accused of kidnapping a student and sparking an ongoing AMBER Alert, may have exhibited similar “grooming” behaviors with her several years ago Media: People Cummins faces state charges of aggravated kidnapping and sexual contact with a minor as well as a federal charge of taking a minor across state lines to have sex. If convicted of the federal charge, he faces at least 10 years in prison, acting U.S. Attorney Jack Smith said. Authorities declined to answer a question on whether the girl went willingly, saying it didn't matter. "At the end of the day she's 15 years old. She's 15 years old; she's a young girl that's with a grown man that's 50 years old. He needs to be held accountable for kidnapping this girl," Gwyn said. Authorities received a tip late Wednesday night that the pair may have taken up residence in the woods in Siskiyou County, perhaps for more than a week, bureau spokesman Josh DeVine said. The remote, mountainous area has limited cellphone service and the terrain is difficult to traverse. Snow was still on the ground in some places. Authorities had earlier said the arrest happened at a commune but later clarified that it occurred in a very remote area and that they were still collecting evidence. The pair's disappearance March 13 came after Cummins was investigated by the school system when another student reported seeing the then-married teacher kiss the girl at the Culleoka Unit School. Culleoka is a community about 60 miles (100 kilometers) south of Nashville near the Alabama state line. An attorney for the family of an abducted Tennessee girl who was found in California says the family is "elated" that she is unharmed, and will now focusing on getting her counseling to cope. (April 20) Media: Associated Press "We're so happy that California police worked quickly and were able to find them and get her safe," one of the girl's sisters told The Tennessean. "I believe the FBI are going to make sure she's healthy before she comes home," she said. "We'll make sure she'll get what therapy she needs and that she's safe, that she knows she's safe." The Associated Press is not naming the girl or her family members because she is an alleged victim of a sex crime. Court papers filed recently in the girl's disappearance said she was afraid of the teacher and thought she would face repercussions at school if she resisted him. A lawyer for the girl's family has said the teacher was allowed to continue working at the school for two weeks after he was reported kissing the girl. Attorney Jason Whatley has said the school system must have not believed the student's report. The school's investigative files provided to The Associated Press by the attorney show that both Cummins and the girl denied kissing. The teacher, however, acknowledged that the girl was "a really good friend and she does leave her other classes to come see him when she needs someone to calm her down," according to a school report dated Jan. 30. The report recommended that the girl be taken out of Cummins' class and that he be reprimanded to uphold his professional responsibility. The report also recommended that the administration monitor Cummins' classroom to make sure students weren't there when they weren't supposed to be. The teacher would later be reprimanded on Feb. 3 by school principal Penny Love after the girl was seen in Cummins' classroom for a little more than half an hour that day. In her letter, Love said the girl being in his classroom was a violation of the principal's order to him. The school system didn't suspend Cummins until Feb. 6. He was fired about a month later — a day after the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation issued an Amber Alert about the teen. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said it worked tirelessly for the past five weeks, looking into more than 1,500 leads from all 50 states. Two days after the girl disappeared, surveillance images from a Walmart in Oklahoma City showed Cummins and the girl purchasing food items in the store with cash. The images showed Cummins had altered his hair to appear darker and the girl's hair may have changed to red. The teacher's wife of 31 years has filed for divorce. Court records show that Jill Cummins sued her then-missing husband on the grounds of irreconcilable differences and inappropriate marital conduct. The wife, who works for the Maury County school system, said she had not seen her husband since March 13. The couple has two children together. ____ Kristin Bender in San Francisco contributed to this report. Top Stories Update: Toddler dies after Hardin Co. wreck 14-year-old arrested in 'Russian roulette' death of TX teen Orangefield HS bomb threat under investigation PD: One dead in Lumberton wreck on US 69 Nationwide hunt for teen, teacher ends Parents upset they weren't warned about Columbine-based threat Mid-County child a 'miracle' 6 years after horrific abuse Documents detail beach brawl caught on video Local News Were you 'Seen' at Champagne & Ribs? Were you 'Seen' at Heritage Happy Hour? Were you 'Seen' at Mario Andretti's rally? Orangefield bomb threat under investigation One dead in Lumberton crash Latest News Videos View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Subscriber Services Advertising Careers Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Contact Us eEdition Connect Facebook Twitter Google Instagram Hearst Newspapers © Hearst Newspapers, II LLC
null
Tad Cummins arrested, Elizabeth Thomas found safe after car foun - Beckley, Bluefield & Lewisburg News, Weather, Sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY CBS59 News Don Blankenship UBB Case Local News Crime & Punishment International Missing Persons National Virginia Headlines Strange and Unusual News West Virginia Headlines Weather Download the StormTracker59 App 7-Day Forecast Radar - StormTracker 59 Local Temps National Temps Regional Sat/Rad Regional Temperatures School Closings Weather Watches & Warnings Sports High School Basketball Scores Inside Track WV Illustrated Video Community Community Calendar Fill Your Plate in the Mountain State Hooked on Science What's On WVNS CBS/FOX TV Schedule Contests WVNS-TV and Dunkin' Donuts Breakfast Club Give-away WV Craft Brew Festival Ticket Giveaway 2017 Mother-Daughter Look-a-Like Contest 2017 About Us Contact Us Meet the Team EEO Files FCC Public Inspection File Tactive Digital Work With Us FOX59 1st black woman on state's highest court found dead by river Missing Tennessee Student Found Safe in California Posted: Thursday, April 20, 2017 1:33 PM EDT Updated: Thursday, April 20, 2017 1:36 PM EDT By Craig Poole, Digital Content Manager BioEmail Connect Biography cpoole@wowktv.com Follow @WOWK13NEWS NASHVILLE, TN (WKRN) – UPDATE (4/20/17 1 PM): The former Maury County teacher accused of kidnapping a 15-year-old student last month has been arrested. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said Thursday that Tad Cummins, 55, was taken into custody and Elizabeth Thomas was safely recovered. The arrest comes after authorities in Siskiyou County, California, confirmed to News 2 Cummins’ Nissan Rogue was found there late Wednesday night. Siskiyou County Sheriff’s Office spokeswoman Kelly Giordano told News 2 it found with the license plate removed and verified to be Cummins’ vehicle through its VIN number. It’s not yet known exactly where Cummins and Thomas were located. Siskiyou County is one of the northernmost counties that borders the state of Oregon. Cummins, 55, is accused of kidnapping Thomas, 15, on March 13 in Columbia, Tennessee. They were captured on surveillance two days later at a Walmart in Oklahoma City but hadn’t been seen since. UPDATE Tennessee Bureau of Investigation has released new photos of suspect Tad Cummins. Josh Devine, a spokesperson with TBI said the pictures were captured the week prior to the kidnapping of Elizabeth Thomas. It has been one week since Thomas was captured. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said they’re concerned with the low number of tips they have received from people who may have spotted Elizabeth Thomas and her captor, Ted Cummins. Pictures of suspect Tad Cummins captured the week prior to the kidnapping of Elizabeth Thomas (TBI) So far TBI has received 250 tips from 24 states, including TN, AL, WI, MS, AR, TX, GA, PA, KY, MO, WV, IA, IN, IL, MN, UT, VA, NC, MI, NE, CO, CA, NY, and FL. The small number of tips and limited resources the pair are believed to have leads investigators to think Cummins may be hiding Thomas out of view of the general public by sleeping in their vehicle, or they could be in a rural area far away from Tennessee. Investigators said they “could be anywhere.” TBI has added the suspect in an ongoing statewide Amber Alert to the Top 10 Most Wanted list. Tad Cummins now also faces an aggravated kidnapping charges, which could carry a sentence of eight to 10 years if convicted. TBI says they are worried because they have received a “shockingly low” number of leads in the case of Elizabeth Thomas, which they say means they could be out of the public eye or outside of the original net cast. Friday marks four days since an Amber Alert was issued for Thomas, 15, after she disappeared Monday morning. The TBI has said they are “extremely concerned” for her. ORIGINAL The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said Thursday it “remains extremely concerned” for the 15-year-old girl at the center of a statewide AMBER Alert. Authorities say their investigation has revealed a “troubling pattern of behavior” from Tad Cummins, 50, who “may have been abusing his role as a teacher to groom this vulnerable young girl for some time in an effort to lure and potentially sexually exploit her.” Cummins reportedly picked up Elizabeth Thomas, 15, at the Shoney’s in Columbia on Monday. Her family reported her missing hours later. The TBI says it has received around 125 leads in the case, a number the bureau says is “shockingly low.” Agents believe Cummins and Thomas are likely out of the general public view or outside the original net cast across the southeast to notify the public about their disappearance. A nationwide BOLO, or a be on the look out alert, was issued late Thursday for both Cummins and the teen. “Having last been seen on Monday morning, the individuals could, frankly, be anywhere,” the TBI said in a press release. The FBI has been called in to help with the search, according to Maury County District Attorney Brent Cooper. Officials have released a timeline of events they say places Cummins and Thomas in the same vicinity just before they disappeared: Monday, March 13 7:30-7:45 a.m. – A friend of Elizabeth Thomas dropped her off at the Shoney’s in Columbia, Tennessee 8:32 a.m. – Surveillance appears to show Tad Cummins at nearby Shell gas station, filling up his Nissan Rogue 12:41 p.m. – Maury County Sheriff’s Office enters the child as “missing” in the nation’s law enforcement internal communications database 3:06 p.m. – Information places Elizabeth Thomas in Decatur, Alabama Tuesday, March 14 3:49 p.m. – Maury County Sheriff’s Office officially request an alert from the TBI 4:18 p.m. – TBI issues Endangered Child Alert 4:49 p.m. – Maury County Sheriff’s Office secures warrant charging Tad Cummins with one count of sexual contact with a minor 5:53 p.m. – Due to the warrant against Tad Cummins, TBI upgrades it’s alert to an AMBER Alert Authorities previously confirmed Cummins is a former teacher at Culleoka Unit School and currently faces charges connected to an alleged sexual interaction between him and Thomas at the school. The school district suspended Cummins when the allegations surfaced and terminated his employment Tuesday. “As part of its investigative work, the TBI continues to embark on an effort to understand the action of Cummins in the weeks leading up to the AMBER Alert,” the bureau said. For example, several days before their disappearance, Cummins secured a title loan on his SUV, netting $4,500 in cash. The TBI wants to hear from anyone who had any interaction with him or Thomas before they disappeared. She is a 15-year-old white female with blonde hair and hazel eyes. She is 5 feet 5 inches tall and weighs 120 pounds. She was last seen wearing a flannel shirt and black leggings. Tad Cummins is a 50-year-old white male who is 6 feet tall and weighs approximately 200 pounds. He has brown hair and eyes. He is believed to be armed with two handguns and driving a silver Nissan Rogue with Tennessee tag 976-ZPT. The TBI would urge the public to remain vigilant and report any information that may prove beneficial in the ongoing search to 1-800-TBI-FIND. If you spot the vehicle and can verify the license plate to be TN 976-ZPT, call 911. Your RT may just get this information in front of the one person who needs to see it. Help us spread this across the country! Thanks! pic.twitter.com/c5jI8ER816— TBI (@TBInvestigation) March 17, 2017 WeatherMore>> GO / View Larger >> 7 Day Forecast School Closings Predictor WVNS-TV P.O. Box 509 Ghent, WV 25843 Main (304) 787-5959 Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WVNS Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments Woman who sold fake golf memberships sentenced for shoplifting Print Email Cole Waterman | cwaterma@mlive.com By Cole Waterman | cwaterma@mlive.com The Bay City Times Follow on Twitter on April 20, 2017 at 1:28 PM, updated April 20, 2017 at 1:56 PM comments Ashley R. Goik  SAGINAW, MI -- A professed medical condition has been keeping a woman who sold fake golf club memberships from showing up in Bay County Circuit Court to learn her penalty. But she was healthy enough to appear in Saginaw County District Court Wednesday, April 19, for sentencing on a pair of old shoplifting convictions. Ashley R. Goik (nee Kostus), 37, appeared before Saginaw County District Judge M. Randall Jurrens for sentencing on two convictions of second-degree retail fraud. The first charge stems from an incident that happened at the Saginaw Township Meijer on June 29, 2014; the second is connected to an incident that happened at the Kochville Township Walmart on May 9, 2015. Court records indicate the prosecution issued the charges against Goik in September 2014 and June 2015, respectively. Both instances involved Goik stealing between $200 and $1,000 in store property. Jurrens sentenced Goik to two concurrent terms of 30 days in jail with credit for two days already served. On one conviction, he ordered her to pay $325 in fines and costs; he ordered her to pay $874.99 on the second one. In Bay County, Goik in January pleaded no contest to one count of false pretenses between $1,000 and $20,000. In exchange, prosecutors agreed to dismiss a charge of embezzlement by an agent or trustee between $1,000 and $20,000. Both charges are punishable by up to five years of imprisonment and a $10,000 fine. By pleading no contest, Goik did not verbally admit to having committed a crime. Instead, the judge who accepted her plea had to refer to police reports to enter a conviction on the record. Woman who sold fake golf club memberships a no-show for third time at sentencing Goik has failed to appear for her sentencing on this conviction on three separate occassions, each time citing medical issues. Her most recent scheduled hearing was Monday, April 17. Her attorney, Sally Warren, said that Goik had informed her 45 minute prior that she was hospitalized and provided a photo of herself wearing a hospital bracelet with Monday's date. Warren did not elaborate on the nature of Goik's affliction. "It seems to be coincidental that she's only hospitalized, as far as I know, on sentencing dates," said Bay County Chief Assistant Prosecutor Jeffrey D. Stroud. Considering this, he said it's not unreasonable for the court to request physicians' documentation as to Goik's condition. Circuit Judge Harry P. Gill concurred. "I can't just sit here and accept your word for three consecutive times," he told Warren. "For all I know, she's going into the ER and getting checked out. I have to get her attention somehow." Gill revoked Goik's bond and issued a bench warrant for her arrest. He told Warren he would reconsider the matter if she provided him with documentation of her hospitalization.   Background Goik's ex-husband, Brent J. Goik, is charged with the same two charges she initially faced. His case is set for trial before Gill on Tuesday, May 16. Brent Goik also faces a misdemeanor charge of domestic violence, with Ashley Goik listed as the victim. The Goiks' legal woes stem from a Michigan State Police investigation into the sales of membership cards to the Bay County Golf Course, located at 584 W. Hampton Road in Hampton Township, where Brent Goik had been the golf pro and recreation manager since 2007. Read more: Golf pro, wife charged with selling bogus golf course memberships  Bay County fired Brent Goik on Feb. 11, 2016. In his termination letter, obtained by The Bay City Times/MLive via a Freedom of Information Act request, Goik "Admitted to knowledge of fraudulent activity" and attempted to "conceal that activity throughout the 2015 golf season."  About two weeks before his termination, Goik provided information to Cristen Gignac, director of the county's Recreation and Facilities Department, about the unauthorized sale of "mini golf membership cards." He was placed on administrative leave on Jan. 29 following the meeting with Gignac, according to documents obtained by MLive. Michigan's Best Search for best sub continues this week from Bay City to Vicksburg Poll winners and finalists More Michigan's Best » Michigan Prom Schools across Michigan get ready for Week 2 of prom season Jenison couple wins poll for Best Dressed: Week 1 More Michigan Prom » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
GoSearch Replay: News at 11 News 3 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WTKR.com Menu News Good News Health Taking Action Sports Coast Live Contests Team 3 Events WGNT Traffic Weather 73° 73° Low 65° High 82° Fri 50° 89° Sat 54° 65° Sun 53° 65° See complete forecast Watch: Updates after Tennessee teacher suspected in kidnapping arrested in northern California Posted 1:10 pm, April 20, 2017, by CNN Wire, Updated at 10:37PM, April 20, 2017 Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email   After five weeks on the run, a Tennessee teacher who kidnapped and fled with his 15-year-old student has been arrested in California, authorities said. The student, Elizabeth Thomas, was found safe in in Cecilville, near the Oregon border, her sister Kat Thomas said Thursday. The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation earlier had said the two were found in a commune, but backed off that description and said they were found in a remote cabin in Cecilville, about two hours from the nearest police station. Tad Cummings “There aren’t words in the English language to describe the level of relief and elation experienced by the Thomas family,” said Jason Whatley, the family’s attorney. “Now begins another hard chapter, but for now, we celebrate.” Tad Cummins, 50, fled with Elizabeth from their small town of Culleoka, Tennessee, on March 13. They disappeared a few weeks after a student reported seeing Cummins and Elizabeth kissing in a classroom. A call to the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation tip line led to a remote cabin where the Nissan Rogue at the center of the search was parked outside and the two inside, TBI spokesman Josh DeVine said. After the capture, one federal charge of transportation of a minor across state lines for the purpose of having criminal sexual intercourse was filed against Cummins, said Jack Smith, acting US attorney for the Middle District of Tennessee. The charge carries a minimum of 10 years. A 2,000-mile escape Surveillance video showed the pair at a Walmart in Oklahoma City on March 15. But after that, the trail went cold. The break came when someone spotted Cummins’ Nissan Rogue in a remote part of Siskiyou County, California — more than 2,000 miles from Culleoka, Tennessee. “Someone called that tip in, and undoubtedly they had seen media reports of this abduction,” Whatley said. “It worked exactly they way it was supposed to work.” A quirk in the law Cummins faces charges of sexual contact with a minor and aggravated kidnapping, the Tennessee Bureau of Investigation said last month. But Tennessee law allows children older than 12 to decide whether to leave their families, unless their removal or confinement “is accomplished by force, threat or fraud.” That means to prove a kidnapping took place, prosecutors will have to show Elizabeth was unlawfully removed or had her freedom restricted. Estranged wife speaks out Cummins’ estranged wife, Jill Cummins, was “very emotional” when she learned both were found safe, her attorney Michael Cox said. “She is excited that they were found and nobody was hurt,” Cox said. “She has not spoken to Tad.” Jill Cummins had filed for divorce, saying she felt betrayed by her husband. She had no idea why her husband went to Northern California. “This is not somewhere they had frequently visited,” her attorney said. “I’m not aware that they had ever been there.” RELATED:  Teacher suspected of kidnapping 15-year-old student spotted in Oklahoma City with teen Tennessee law could protect Elizabeth Thomas’s suspected kidnapper Fugitive ex-teacher accused of kidnapping teen reportedly seen in Texas Family of teen believed to have been kidnapped by teacher speaks out Wife urges ex-teacher to surrender as search continues for man, teen girl AMBER Alert issued for Tennessee teen believed to be with school teacher 38.837522 -120.895824 Trademark and Copyright 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. Filed in: News Topics: Elizabeth Thomas, Tad Cummins, Tennessee Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Team 3 Professionals Visit them today! Popular Three arrested after driver shoots at another vehicle during Camden Co. incident Father charged with murder of 4-year-old son in Ocean View Pentagon to test ability to shoot down North Korean missiles North Carolina mother of four dies after complaining of migraine Latest News Norfolk Police search for missing elderly man with dementia Man suffers life threatening injuries in Norfolk shooting Hillary Clinton blasts President Trump on LGBT rights Razor recalls RipStik motorized board due to possible malfunction News Teacher suspected of kidnapping 15-year-old student spotted in Oklahoma City with teen News Wife urges ex-teacher to surrender as search continues for man, teen girl News Fugitive ex-teacher accused of kidnapping teen reportedly seen in Texas News AMBER Alert issued for Tennessee teen believed to be with school teacher News Family of teen believed to have been kidnapped by teacher speaks out News Possible sighting of Amber Alert suspect not credible News Tennessee law could protect Elizabeth Thomas’s suspected kidnapper News Texas teacher accused of sex with 15-year-old is pregnant News Tennessee could make college free for ‘older adults’ News 2 teens arrested in Chicago sex assault streamed online News Teen missing from Dumfries located safe and unharmed, 21-year-old arrested News Missing Utah teen reunited with family after mom’s emotional plea to ‘fight’ News Student arrested for having gun at Virginia Beach high school Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App WTKR Weather Android App WTKR Weather iPhone App Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 720 Boush Street, Norfolk, VA 23510 • Copyright © 2017, WTKR • A Dreamcatcher station operated by Tribune Broadcasting • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 224% 67% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 96% 55% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 41% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 57% 52% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 46% 30% Returns as of 4/12/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Can Amazon Make Sense Out of Groceries? Amazon wants to cover more ground. Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Apr 20, 2017 at 11:14AM A recent New York Times article about Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) plans to test the waters in the competitive world of physical retail raises lots of interesting points. The idea sounds absurd and regressive for an online retail powerhouse that's working on drones and autonomous trucks to automate its delivery process, but it could turn out to be an ingenious move. Why offline retail could be a big deal for Amazon Amazon is reportedly working out the kinks so it can roll out its cashierless convenience store concept, called Amazon Go, which automatically charges people when they exit rather than make them wait in line to pay. This is a step into the brick-and-mortar world of grocery retailing. It makes sense to try to sell groceries to people this way, as only an estimated 23% of households in the U.S. shopped for groceries online last year, and this channel accounted for just an estimated 4.3% of the total grocery spending in 2016. One estimate puts online sales at only 20% of grocery sales by 2025, so Amazon is smart both to provide people with physical stores where they can buy food (Amazon Go) and to build up the distribution network that supports AmazonFresh, which lets people order groceries online and pick them up in person. AmazonFresh is being tested in Seattle, where it's allowing customers to purchase grocery items online and then select a time for pick-up, which can be in as little as 15 minutes. The customer drives to the pick-up location, where service agents will load the items into the car. This model allows Amazon to build a hyperlocal presence, which will be useful in helping it tap the offline grocery market. Image Source: Amazon. The competition will be fierce Amazon, however, is moving into a market where it will run into stiff competition from established big-box retailers. Citi Research believes that Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) is the best-placed company to take advantage of online grocery retail. Wal-Mart has a solid lead in the online grocery market, as its "click-and-collect" model (which lets people order online and pick up in store) is currently present across 600 locations in more than 100 markets in the U.S. Perhaps more importantly, Citi research reported by CNBC showed that Wal-Mart items were much cheaper than AmazonFresh's. However, investors need to understand that the e-tailer doesn't need to become a leader in the online grocery market. Amazon's top line will receive a nice boost even if it corners a small percentage of the market for food-at-home items estimated to be $100 billion  by 2025. And taking away market share from smaller grocery players -- perhaps those in the organic-foods market, where higher prices are more accepted -- is an ideal game plan. This could be a potentially fertile ground for the online retailer, as the global organic-foods market is estimated to grow at 16.6% a year until 2025, putting it at an estimated $456 billion. Even if only a fifth of those sales were made online, that could still be a big market. Harsh Chauhan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Harsh has been covering technology, and sometimes retail, since 2011. He is focused on finding great businesses for the long run. You can follow him on twitter @techjunk13 Article Info Apr 20, 2017 at 11:14AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $74.80 up $0.73 (0.99%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $901.62 up $2.42 (0.27%) Read More Amazon Can't Hide It…It's Betting Big on Alexa Here's What Jeff Bezos Thought of Amazon's Future 10 Years Ago How Much Money Would I Have If I Had Invested at Amazon.com's IPO? Who Will Win This $119 Billion E-Commerce War? Better Buy: Amazon.com, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Can Amazon Make Sense Out of Groceries? @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $AMZN
自由電子報 | 影音娛樂 | 好康報報 | 自由部落 ‧World News Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Home / World News Fri, Apr 21, 2017 - Page 7　 Print Mail Facebook Twitter plurk funp Venezuela a major funder of Trump inauguration AP, CARACAS Venezuelan President Nicolas Maduro might be struggling to feed Venezuelans, but his administration still managed to make a US$500,000 donation to US President Donald Trump’s inauguration, records released on Wednesday showed. Inaugural committee records filed with the US Federal Election Commission show Citgo Petroleum, a US affiliate of Venezuelan state oil company Petroleos de Venezuela, was one of the biggest corporate donors to events surrounding the swearing-in ceremony. The donation topped that of some US corporate giants, including Pepsi (US$250,000), Walmart (US$150,000) and Verizon (US$100,000), and was on par with the likes of JPMorgan Chase and Exxon, which each donated US$500,000. It came in under Bank of America’s US$1 million contribution. Even while accusing the US of trying to overthrow him, Maduro has been careful not to antagonize the new US president. However, the Trump administration has recently stepped up its criticism of Venezuela’s government. In February, Trump met with the wife of a jailed opposition leader at the White House and on Tuesday the US Department of State issued a statement decrying violence against protesters. “Those responsible for the criminal repression of peaceful democratic activity ... will be held individually accountable for their actions by the Venezuelan people and their institutions, as well as the international community,” the statement read. This story has been viewed 1309 times. Comments will be moderated. Remarks containing abusive and obscene language, personal attacks of any kind or promotion will be removed and the user banned. Print Mail facebook twitter plurk funp TOP Most Popular Listing from 2017-04-14 to 2017-04-21 Most read Most e-mailed 1 Control, Exam yuans must go 2 Stars turn to Southeast Asia under China’s “Korean restriction order” 中國「限韓令」發威 韓星轉戰東南亞 3 Events and entertainment listings 4 EVERYDAY ENGLISH 5 Diversion and ultimatum for Xi MORE  1 N Korea issue cannot be outsourced 2 Cabinet approves bill to attract skilled foreigners 3 Maori king ‘useless’ comment probed 4 Man receives electronic eyes in successful surgery 5 EDITORIAL: Kim Jong-un’s big day MORE  Home Front Page Taiwan News Business Editorials Sports World News Features Bilingual Pages Subscribe‧Advertise‧Employment‧About Us‧Contact Us‧ RSS Copyright © 1999-2017 The Taipei Times. All rights reserved.
Menu Home Search Site map News All news Local news News by location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All blogs and columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Prep Zone blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All news Local news News by location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All blogs and columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All sports High school sports Prep Zone blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips blog AquaSox Life People / home / A&E Go-see-do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All opinion Letters Editorial cartoons Obituaries View obituaries Place an obituary Classes Classified ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently asked questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Social media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate This 2013 photo shows OxyContin pills arranged for a photo at a pharmacy in Montpelier, Vermont. (AP Photo/Toby Talbot, File) Cherokee Nation sues firms, retailers for flood of opioids Thu Apr 20th, 2017 9:40am News You must sign in or register to continue reading content. By Scott Higham and Lenny Bernstein / The Washington Post Lawyers for the Cherokee Nation opened a new line of attack against the pharmaceutical industry Thursday, filing a lawsuit in tribal court that accuses the nation’s six top drug distributors and pharmacies of flooding communities in Oklahoma with hundreds of millions of highly addictive pain pills. The suit alleges that the companies violated sovereign Cherokee laws by failing to prevent the diversion of pain pills to the black market, profiting from the growing opioid epidemic and decimating communities across the nation’s 14 counties in the state. “Defendants turned a blind eye to the problem of opioid diversion and profited from the sale of prescription opioids to the citizens of the Cherokee Nation in quantities that far exceeded the number of prescriptions that could reasonably have been used for legitimate medical purposes,” the suit says. By filing the suit in tribal court, lawyers for the Cherokee Nation said they hope to gain quicker access to internal corporate records that could show what the companies knew about the diversion of pain pills on Indian lands in northeastern Oklahoma. It is the first time an Indian nation has filed suit against companies for the damage done by powerful pain pills such as oxycodone and hydrocodone. The suit names the three largest drug distributors in the United States: McKesson Corp., Cardinal Health and AmerisourceBergen, which together control roughly 85 percent of prescription drug distribution in the country. Also named in the suit are some of the biggest names in the retail drug business: CVS, Walgreens and Wal-Mart. The companies did not immediately respond to requests for comment. The Cherokee lawsuit comes as counties and states confront the consequences of a growing prescription opioid epidemic that has claimed nearly 180,000 lives since 2000. Last month, seven counties in West Virginia, which has the highest prescription drug overdose rate in the nation, filed suits against many of the same corporations. Those suits accuse the companies of creating a public hazard by shipping large amounts of drugs into the state and seek billions of dollars in reimbursements for the economic toll the drugs have taken in the heart of Appalachia. In Oklahoma, prescription opioid abuse has been particularly pernicious, Cherokee officials said. The members of the nation, which endured the forced removal of its people between 1830 and 1850 from the Southeast during what is known as the Trail of Tears, are more prone to addiction than other populations, according to studies cited by the officials. “Today, we are facing another challenge, a plague that has been set upon the Cherokee people by these corporations,” said Todd Hembree, attorney general for the Cherokees. “Their main goal is profit, and this scourge has cost lives and the Cherokee Nation millions.” Bill John Baker, principal chief of the Cherokees, added that “tribal nations have survived disease, removal from our homelands, termination and other adversities, and still we prospered. However, I fear the opioid epidemic is emerging as the next great challenge of our modern era.” Hembree has retained a team of lawyers to sue the drug companies and pharmacies. The suit alleges that the firms created a public nuisance, pursued unfair and deceptive practices and engaged in a civil conspiracy that led to an unchecked public health crisis. Hembree and the lawyers said that the drug distributors and pharmacies knew or should have known that the amounts of drugs they were sending and dispensing to the Cherokee Nation were suspicious. In 2015, the lawsuit says, nearly 845 million milligrams of opioids were distributed in the 14 Oklahoma counties that make up the Cherokee Nation. That’s enough to provide every adult and child with 955 5mg pills – one the most commonly prescribed doses of the drug. “These defendants really had the ability to limit the number of deaths and the level of addiction if they just followed the law,” said Richard Fields, a lawyer hired by the Cherokees. Fields and attorney William Ohlemeyer, who represented the company formerly known as Phillip Morris in the tobacco lawsuits two decades ago, said the flood of opioids into Oklahoma has torn apart families and cost the Cherokees hundreds of millions of dollars. They said the crisis has resulted in increased spending on law enforcement, medical facilities, drug treatment centers and foster and adoption programs. “We have a generation of children who are living in chaos,” said Nikki Baker-Limore, executive director of child welfare for the Cherokee Nation. “The children are our tribe’s future, and without them, we can’t go on. This just isn’t fair.”   Most Read All-out brawl follows after woman tells children to behave LAKE STEVENS — A brawl at the Lake Stevens Buzz Inn last… Apr 19th, 2017 by Rikki King Marysville’s Qwuloolt trail opens this weekend MARYSVILLE — At 10 a.m. Saturday, Marysville’s waterfront will grow from 900… Apr 19th, 2017 by Chris Winters Possible sale of Longfellow building moves forward EVERETT — A plan to sell the historic Longfellow school building to… Apr 19th, 2017 by Chris Winters Chronic Snohomish County cat-hoarder is arrested in Oregon WARRENTON, Ore. — A psychologist predicted last year that Kathryn St. Clare… Apr 20th, 2017 by Diana Hefley Man dies in Monroe while working under parked van MONROE — A 20-year-old Sultan man died Tuesday night when his van… Apr 19th, 2017 by Herald Staff © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About comments Privacy policy Terms of use Contact Social media
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Sam’s Club Launches Store-Brand Wines To Compete With Costco Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Sam’s Club Launches Store-Brand Wines To Compete With Costco Image courtesy of (Ryan) April 20, 2017 12:20 pm EDT By Ashlee Kieler@akieler changing it up costco food house wine kirkland signature member's mark More Vino Love sam's club vino wine With Costco’s Kirkland Signature brand of booze recently accounting for an uptick in sales at the warehouse club, it shouldn’t come as much of a surprise that the retailer’s rival Sam’s Club would look to get a piece of that pie by launching its own house brand wines. Fortune reports that Walmart-owned Sam’s Club will debut its first wines under its house brand Member’s Mark this year. The retailer’s move into the vino business recently began with an $7 bottle of Chardonnay and will continue with the debut of a Cabernet, prosecco and champagne. Sam’s Clubs decision to focus on its first house brand wine line comes just a month after it was reported that Costco’s popular Kirkland Signature wine and alcohol offerings helped made up for the retailer’s lower-than-expected retail receipts. In fact, the affordable price tags and devoted fans of Costco’s Kirkland Signature booze has played a big part in the 46% growth in alcohol sales over the last five years at Costco. That’s a loyalty and sales boost Sam’s Club is likely attempting to copy. Launching a house brand of wine is just one part of Sam’s Club’s brand makeover. The company is also adding olive oil, caramels, and other high-end products to the Member’s Mark line, Fortune reports. The warehouse store has recently taken steps to better compete with Costco. In Feb. 2016, the retailer pared down its house brands from 21 to just one, Member’s Mark, while also hiring developers and quality testers to improve its food offerings. This isn’t the first time Sam’s Club has taken a page from Costco’s play book, either. Back in Sept. 2015, Sam’s launched the Auto Buying Program that aimed to give members discounts and exclusive savings of up to $3,000 on new car purchases. If the program sounds familiar that’s because it is: Costco sold a reported 400,000 vehicles through its own car program in 2014. April 20, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler changing it up costco food house wine kirkland signature member's mark More Vino Love sam's club vino wine Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related wholesale buzz Costco’s Bottom Line Gets A Boon From Store-Brand Booze See Ya Later Sam’s Club CEO Exiting As Company Moves To Win Over Costco Shoppers a new focus Sam’s Club Revamping Its Grocery Offerings To Better Compete With Costco, Other Retailers sam's club Sam’s Club Put Money-Back Guarantee On Booze Labels, Wouldn’t Honor It having a ball Golfers Rejoice: Costco’s Coveted Golf Balls Are Coming Back Previous Should RadioShack Executives Get $1.4 Million In Bonuses? No, Say Creditors Next Communities Push For Investigation Into Comcast’s ‘Broadcast TV’ & ‘Regional Sports’ Fees Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Communities Push For Investigation Into Comcast’s ‘Broadcast TV’ & ‘Regional Sports’ Fees Return to Top Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Wal-Mart top five execs earn more than $60 million in recent fiscal year Bill Halter and L’Oréal are counting on the sun Phoenix Investors to spend $10 million on former Whirlpool plant, already in talks with tenant prospects J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Arkansas executes first death row inmate since 2005; Ledell Lee executed shortly before midnight U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy calls U.S. Marshals Museum ‘living monument’ to law enforcement Death row inmate Ledell Lee likely to be executed, Stacey Johnson’s execution will not happen (Updated) Little Rock mayor rebukes state legislature, Congressmen over Internet sales tax TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy calls U.S. Marshals Museum ‘living monument’ to law enforcement Wal-Mart top five execs earn more than $60 million in recent fiscal year Phoenix Investors to spend $10 million on former Whirlpool plant, already in talks with tenant prospects J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office TB&P Daily: John Brummett on state executions past, present and future Reps. Reginald Murdock and Andy Davis discuss legislative session, death penalty politics TB&P Daily: Brooke Vines of Vines Media U.S. Rep. Hill wants President Trump leadership on tax reform Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail J.B. Hunt to spend $500 million on technology improvements, pushes e-commerce strategy The Supply Side: App offers real-time answers to retail questions USA Truck hires new CFO, also brings on new human resources exec Arkansas trucking group marks 85 years of advocating for the industry Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us The Supply Side: App offers real-time answers to retail questions BusinessLatest NewsThe Supply Side by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 14 hours ago 28 views  Tags: The Supply Side 0 SHARES Share Tweet Price checks on a product in 2,500 stores could take two to three days to complete. Fayetteville-based Field Agent is pushing its Jicco application with the goal of reducing that time down to 15 minutes. Rick West, co-founder of Field Agent, said retail and supplier clients would often say they just need to know “this” right now. This, West explained, is more like someone leaving a meeting with Wal-Mart Stores needing to immediately know the price of milk in five Southeast states. He said they don’t have to call Field Agent and set up a project. They simply take out their phone, and in the Jicco app ask, “What is the price of milk at Aldi in Florida, Georgia, Alabama and the Carolinas.” Jicco will access “Field Agents” in the states mentioned and ask for a photo of the milk price at Aldi. Those photos are evaluated and the subscriber will get an answer in an average of 15 minutes. “This really happens more than you think,” West said. “Suppliers and retailers want to get quick answers to see if there is a systemic problem or if it’s just a regional issue. Jicco can provide quick answers right from their mobile phone. It’s possible they could ask the question in a meeting and get the answer before they leave that meeting.” When asked why it took Field Agent seven years to launch Jicco, West said it took almost that long for the company to get the critical mass it needed in field agents dispersed around the U.S. He said that number is now just shy of 1 million field agents willing to take on quick jobs in their geographic areas. West was clear that Jicco is not a replacement for Field Agent projects, it’s just another tool for retail and supplier professionals to use when the question at hand is smaller in scale and requires a quick answer. West said if the Jicco answer on the milk question showed Walmart’s milk price to be much higher than Aldi’s in the majority of those states, then the client might want to contract with Field Agent for a more comprehensive project that might check 2,500 store locations against Aldi. He said that project might take three days to complete, which is still fast. But if the Jicco answer showed the milk price to be higher at Walmart in just one or two states, a broader test might not be necessary. Jicco is not a free service. It requires a monthly subscription. West declined to give the cost until it goes live. He did say it’s a nominal cost for professionals who need the service. He also said clients who need to know the answer now will pay a premium over typical Field Agent costs. He said if they can wait three days or so for an answer, it’s better to use Field Agent. “If you were to ask Google about milk prices at Aldi you might see a story from three months ago or perhaps Aldi’s ad,” West said. “But it’s hard to get the exact price at multiple specific locations this minute. Jicco does that.” BETA TEST RESULTS Field Agent launched a beta test of Jicco on March 28 with 10 of its core clients. When asked if there have been any revelations in the beta, West said clients tried hard to trick Jicco by asking the most bizarre questions possible. “We have been somewhat surprised at how retail-focused the questions have been,” he said. “We thought they might use it for more research-type questions about consumers and what they are doing at home. We haven’t seen it used for research right now. We still think there’s a great opportunity for it to be used in research because of the time restraints in typical research,” West said. West said a couple of years ago he was in a meeting with a retail buyer and focus groups conducting research about how many first-aid kits people have in their homes. The focus group said three. The buyer didn’t believe it, saying they probably had one they moved from room to room as needed. West called Field Agent and posed an immediate question to check with consumers. Field Agent got one person in each state— 50 participants — to respond quickly. The answer, received in three hours while the meeting was still underway, was 3.5 first aid kits per home. “The buyer was amazed and stood corrected on a category they thought they knew,” West said. “Field Agent and Jicco can provide answers on many topics in a short period of time at a low cost overall compared to traditional research.” He said the majority of usage is coming from retail, brand marketing and sales people who ask retail oriented questions to which they need a quick answer — and it can’t be Googled. West said the other learning in the beta test is the same question being asked multiple times. “We are going to begin building a database of the answers for each client,” West said. “For instance, if someone at Kraft asked a certain price question, everyone on their team at Kraft could see the answer. And the next question could be slightly different so people don’t waste time and money asking the same question.” He said the databases will be proprietary by client. Other brands can’t see the questions Kraft or any other client asks. West said the hot issues retail and brand clients want quick answers on involve, e-commerce, Aldi and H-E-B. He said fresh and organic are two other topics with frequent questions. West said one brand client wanted to know what their Walmart, Dollar General and Target teams are asking to give them perspective on what is happening in the market. He said brands that mine their own questions could begin to see trends develop in a business they might otherwise miss. ––––––––––––––– Editor’s note: The Supply Side section of Talk Business & Politics focuses on the companies, organizations, issues and individuals engaged in providing products and services to retailers. The Supply Side is managed by Talk Business & Politics and sponsored by Propak Logistics. Comments comments Previous post Natural gas-fired generators provide largest share of electricity Next post Real Deals: Pinnacle estate home sells for $1.9 million Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Justin Allen Previewing Arkansas’ amendment debates ahead of the 2018 election Martha Londagin ‘The food’s the thing,’ but not everything Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, germ wagons, and getting state-ified Latest Popular Arkansas executes first death row inmate since 2005; Ledell Lee executed shortly before midnight 2 hours ago U.S. Rep. Trey Gowdy calls U.S. Marshals Museum ‘living monument’ to law enforcement 4 hours ago Wal-Mart top five execs earn more than $60 million in recent fiscal year 5 hours ago Death row inmate Ledell Lee likely to be executed, Stacey Johnson’s execution will not happen (Updated) 8 hours ago Bill Halter and L’Oréal are counting on the sun 8 hours ago Fort Smith businessman announces major overhaul of downtown property 4,062 views Nine Bentonville office buildings sell for $25.1 million 1,938 views Arkansas Supreme Court removes Judge Griffen from death penalty cases, Senate President cautions members on impeachment 1,678 views Wal-Mart tech exec Marc Lore pushes plan to make up for lost time 1,555 views Damien Echols, Johnny Depp attend anti-execution rally in Little Rock 1,255 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Selecciona Edición España América Brasil Cataluña Newsletter Suscríbete Desplegar Cerrar Entra en EL PAÍS Conéctate ¿No estás registrado? Crea tu cuenta Suscríbete Buscador Cerrar Buscar Secciones Cerrar Selecciona Edición España América Brasil Cataluña Tamaño letra a- A+ Alto contraste Internacional mostrar/ocultar menú Internacional Europa Estados Unidos México América Latina Oriente Próximo Asia África Opinión mostrar/ocultar menú Opinión Editoriales Tribunas Viñetas España mostrar/ocultar menú España Andalucía Cataluña C. Valenciana Galicia Madrid País Vasco Más comunidades Economía mostrar/ocultar menú Economía Mercados Mis ahorros Vivienda Mis Derechos Formación Negocios Cincodías Retina Ciencia Tecnología mostrar/ocultar menú Tecnología Móviles Redes sociales Banco de pruebas Retina Meristation Cultura mostrar/ocultar menú Cultura Literatura Cine Música Teatro Danza Arte Arquitectura Toros Gente mostrar/ocultar menú Gente Estilo Viva la Diva Tendenciosas Horóscopo Estilo mostrar/ocultar menú Estilo Moda Gastronomía Gente Deportes mostrar/ocultar menú Deportes Fútbol Baloncesto Tenis Ciclismo Fórmula 1 Motociclismo Golf Otros deportes Televisión mostrar/ocultar menú Televisión Series Quinta Temporada Programas Comunicación Crítica TV Avances Programación TV In english Motor Retina Cinco Días EL PAÍS SEMANAL Babelia El Viajero Negocios Ideas Verne Planeta Futuro El Comidista Smoda BuenaVida ICON Tentaciones Mamas & Papas Fotos Viñetas Entrevistas Obituarios Hemeroteca El tiempo Servicios Blogs Promociones El País de los estudiantes Escuela de periodismo El País + Síguenos en Síguenos en Twitter Síguenos en Facebook Síguenos en Twitter Síguenos en Instagram Newsletter Suscríbete EL PAÍS In english US-VENEZUELA RELATIONS Why did Venezuela give half a million dollars to Donald Trump? US president received $106.7 million in inauguration donations, twice amount given to Obama Compartir en Facebook Compartir en Twitter Otros Cerrar Compartir en Linkedin Compartir en GooglePlus Compartir en Pinterest Ver comentarios Conéctate Conéctate Imprimir Joan Faus Twitter Corresponsal en Estados Unidos Washington 20 ABR 2017 - 16:58 CEST Donald Trump raised a record $106.7 million for his presidential inauguration festivities in January, more than double the amount collected by Barack Obama in 2009. The donor list disputes Trump’s promise to “drain the swamp” of Washington, in allusion to the financial machine that influences US politics. Donald Trump's inauguration on January 20. Carolyn Kaster AP EN ESPAÑOL El Gobierno de Caracas donó medio millón de dólares para la investidura de Trump According to official data released on Wednesday, the most generous donor was casino magnate Sheldon Adelson, a highly influential figure in Republican circles, who gave $5 million to Trump. Adelson’s plans to build Europe’s largest casino in Madrid were rejected by the Spanish government in 2013. Perhaps the least-expected donor was Citgo, the US affiliate of Venezuela’s state oil company PDVSA, which wrote out a check for $500,000 for Trump’s inauguration. Trump has criticized President Maduro for his handling of anti-government protests The donation overshadowed the amounts provided by Pepsi ($250,000) or Walmart ($150,000), matching JP Morgan Chase and Exxon’s contributions. Whatever Venezuela’s intentions in showing such generosity, it has done nothing to dampen Trump’s criticism of President Nicolás Maduro, who faces continued protests at home and international criticism for his handling of the political and economic crisis in the South American country. US presidents establish their own criteria for donations. Trump put no upper limit on checks. In 2009, Obama refused gifts from businesses and lobbyists, while limiting amounts to $50,000. But four years later, for his second inauguration, the Democrat accepted money from business (up to $1 million), as well as individual donations of up to $250,000. Many of the companies that donated to Trump had previously given to Obama. Now, as then, there are interests at stake that depend on a decision by the most powerful man on the planet. Among the most generous donors was telecoms operator AT&T, which gave $2.1 million For example, aircraft manufacturers Boeing and Lockheed Martin each gave $1 million to Trump’s inauguration, the same amount Boeing gave to Obama in 2013, according the Reuters news agency. Before his inauguration on January 20, Trump was scathing in his criticism of the cost of the planes both manufacturers sell to the US government. The financial sector, which will be hoping the president will relax some of the restrictions imposed on it by Obama following the crisis of 2008, was also generous with Trump: banking and brokerage firm Charles Schwab and Bank of America Corp each contributed $1 million. Among the most generous donors was telecoms operator AT&T, which gave $2.1 million. The company is awaiting the government’s approval of its merger with Time Warner. It contributed $4.6 million to Obama’s second inauguration. English version by Nick Lyne. More information Defiant Venezuelan opposition to push on with protests against president Trump, the supreme leader Eurovegas not coming to Madrid after company demands rejected Trump inauguration clouded by lawsuit with Spanish chef José Andrés Vídeos Newsletters Secciones Financiación Vivienda Cursos Centros Descuentos Viajes Vinos Tienda IAhorro ¿Buscas una tarjeta de crédito? Ahorra dinero y tiempo: Analizamos todas las tarjetas del mercado Encuentra la financiación que necesitas a través de iAhorro iAhorro te ayuda a comparar y contratar los préstamos más baratos Aquí encontrarás la hipoteca más barata, sin líos y GRATIS. Información sin compromiso. En unos momentos recibirás una llamada de uno de nuestros expertos, gracias. ¡Te llamamos! He leído y acepto la política de privacidad Debes aceptar la política de privacidad Teléfono incorrecto idealista Pisos con garaje en el centro de tu ciudad Vive en el centro sin problemas de aparcamiento 20 casas para vivir en la playa y trabajar en la ciudad Viviendas por debajo de 260.000 euros que te permiten ver el mar Buscar vivienda en: Comprar Alquilar Obra Nueva Viviendas Habitación Oficinas Locales o naves Garajes Terrenos emagister.com ¿Quieres ser experto en Dirección de Compras? Lógralo en 16 meses con esta formación 100% online ¿Quieres ser Detective Privado? Lógralo con este curso 100% online Buscar cursos sobre: llama gratis al900 49 40 58 y encontraremos el curso que buscas EMagister Máster en Gestión Internacional del Turismo Aprende a liderar proyectos empresariales en el sector turístico Obtén tu Certificación en SAP ERP Financials Aprende a utilizar los mejores softwares de gestión con este máster Encuentra aquí tu Centro de Formación ver directorio de centros › llama gratis al 900494058 y encontraremos el curso que buscas Descuentos ¿Quieres un código descuento Zalando? En Descuentos EL PAÍS tenemos uno del 10% para toda la web ¿Quieres un código descuento Groupon? Consigue en Descuentos EL PAÍS 6€ de descuentos para toda la web Encuentra los mejores códigos y cupones descuento online ir a descuentos el país > El País Viajes Dioses y Mitos de Madrid Descubre Madrid de la mano de Espido Freire ¿Te gusta correr? Ven a la Desert Run con David Plaza Una experiencia de superación y emoción en un Marruecos imponente Encuentra tu viaje con nuestros expertos ver EL PAÍS VIAJES › llama al 902 101 973 y reserva tu viaje   El País Club de Vinos 6 vinos de Bodegas Tarsus por 48,95€ Date de alta en EL PAÍS Club y te descontamos 10€ + envío gratis La Primavera, el vino altera Los mejores vinos para disfrutar de los primeros rayos de sol Compra ahora tus vinos preferidos en EL PAÍS Club de Vinos Tienda Colchón viscoelástico de Aloe Vera desde 134 € Págalo en cómodos plazos. Tú eliges las cuotas Superoferta: TV LED de LG 32" por 199 € con envío gratis Unidades limitadas. Puedes pagarlo a plazos. Los mejores productos al mejor precio, seleccionados para ti Lo más visto en... » Top 50 EL PAÍS Twitter Verne In English Desde España Desde América 1VídeoThe short film containing 100 sexist phrases that women can’t escape 2Spanish PM Rajoy on the ropes as wave of corruption scandals hit ruling party 3Dig uncovers unique building from mysterious Tartessos culture 4Why did Venezuela give half a million dollars to Donald Trump? 5Ex-regional premier of Madrid arrested in major anti-corruption operation 6Mexican man falsely accused of trafficking daughter on United flight 7Spain’s top 10 bike routes 8IMF raises Spain’s 2017 growth forecast to 2.6% as global economy recovers 9After UK calls election, Spanish royals scramble to find new date for visit 10Eight months on, judge shelves case of missing Spanish teen Diana Quer 1VídeoAsí es el presa canario, un perro peligroso que ha matado a su dueña en Madrid 2VídeoUn policía muerto y otros dos heridos en un tiroteo en París 3Los mensajes ocultos de las fotos que Melania Trump subió a Twitter 4VídeoMarhuenda, sobre su imputación: “Eran conversaciones con un amigo desesperado” 5VídeoMuere una mujer en Madrid por las mordeduras de su perro 6Cómo convertir un pensamiento negativo en uno positivo (aunque todo siga yendo fatal) 7VídeoCaracas donó medio millón de dólares para la investidura de Trump 8VídeoAguirre convierte el juicio de la Gürtel en una defensa de sus éxitos políticos 9VídeoEl juez investiga al presidente y al director de ‘La Razón’ por coacciones a Cifuentes 10González reclamó dinero a empresas para la campaña del PP en 2011 1Atividade incomum em uma base nuclear norte-coreana: um jogo de voleibol 2Los mensajes ocultos de las fotos que Melania Trump subió a Twitter 3VídeoProtestas en Caracas, minuto a minuto 4VídeoUn policía muerto y otros dos heridos en un tiroteo en París 5VídeoCaracas donó medio millón de dólares para la investidura de Trump 6VídeoAsí es el presa canario, un perro peligroso que ha matado a su dueña en Madrid 7Visita ao Papa, café da manhã e demissão: tudo vira quadro no ‘reality show’ de João Doria 8Brotes de capitalismo en Corea del Norte 9Cómo convertir un pensamiento negativo en uno positivo (aunque todo siga yendo fatal) 10VídeoLa armada nuclear enviada por Trump a Corea del Norte tomó el rumbo contrario 1VídeoUn policía muerto y otros dos heridos en un tiroteo en París 2Marcha en Venezuela contra el Gobierno de Nicolás Maduro 3VídeoLa oposición venezolana opta por la movilización permanente en la calle 4VídeoCaracas donó medio millón de dólares para la investidura de Trump 5La oposición venezolana apuesta al desgaste en las calles del Gobierno 6VídeoProtestas en Caracas, minuto a minuto 7El presidente Juan Manuel Santos es llamado a rendir versión libre por el ‘caso Odebrecht’ 8Maduro ordena investigar a Movistar: “Se sumó a la convocatoria golpista” 9Cómo convertir un pensamiento negativo en uno positivo (aunque todo siga yendo fatal) 10Anticorrupción solicitará cárcel para Ignacio González y su principal testaferro 1VídeoLa original técnica para que crucen los peatones en el maratón de Boston 2VídeoNos congratula recordar los mejores momentos de ‘El informal’ 15 años después 3Se le queda la mano atrapada en un sumidero en San Sebastián al intentar recuperar 50 euros 4Vídeo100 comentarios machistas que las mujeres escuchan desde niñas en un corto de 5 minutos 5VídeoAsí sería '20 de abril del 90' en la época de internet 6Una actriz de ‘Stranger Things’ aconseja a los jóvenes con depresión no ver ‘13 reasons why’ 7La vuelta al mundo en 144 libros: un mapamundi hecho con portadas 8VídeoEste legionario en miniatura canta 'El novio de la muerte' durante una procesión malagueña 9En estas ilusiones ópticas se esconde una campaña de adopción de animales 1021 frases para decir que no eres machista (y que demuestran lo contrario) Comentarios Normas Entra en EL PAÍS E-mail Contraseña Entra Recupera contraseña ¿No estás registrado? Crea tu cuenta © EDICIONES EL PAÍS S.L. Contacto Venta de contenidos Publicidad Aviso legal Política cookies Mapa EL PAÍS en KIOSKOyMÁS Índice RSS Una empresa de PRISA Medios Grupo Prisa El PAÍS Los 40 principales Santillana Santillana Compartir tvi Cadena SER AS.com adn Caracol Huffington Post UNO wradio Cinco Días continental Máxima M80 radio Cadena Dial Kebuena Podium podcasts Richmond Moderna Plural tvi24 El PaÍs ICON Planeta futuro loqueleo Meristation S moda Rádio Comercial Webs de PRISA cerrar ventana SANTILLANA SANTILLANA Global Richmond SANTILLANA Argentina Bolivia Brasil Chile Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador El Salvador España Estados Unidos Guatemala Honduras México Panamá Paraguay Perú Portugal Rep. Dominicana Uruguay Venezuela loqueleo SANTILLANA ESPAÑOL SANTILLANA FRANCES Sistema UNO Santillana Compartir IneveryCREA Fundación Santillana Brasil España Colombia Seminario Periodismo Cultural Foro de industrias culturales Essay & Science Premio Viva Lectura El Boomeran(g) PRISA NOTICIAS PRISA Noticias EL PAÍS EL PAÍS América EL PAÍS Brasil EL PAÍS in English EL PAÍS Cataluña EL PAÍS Vídeo Blogs EL PAÍS Babelia EL PAÍS Semanal ICON Planeta Futuro Tentaciones Verne El Viajero S Moda BuenaVida El Comidista EL PAÍS + Escuela de Periodismo EL PAÍS de los Estudiantes Librotea Descuentos EL PAÍS EL PAÍS Club de Vinos Clasificados EL PAÍS Directorio de centros EL PAÍS Viajes Selección EL PAÍS AS AS Chile AS Colombia AS México AS USA AS América AS English Resultados deportivos ASTV TikiTakas Epik BeTech AS Descuentos Megastore Promociones Concursos AS-outlet Cinco Días Smartlife Territorio Pyme Cinco Sentidos Zona Trading El Huffington Post MeriStation MeriStation México El Motor PRISA RADIO PRISA Radio RADIO HABLADA ADN Radio Cadena SER Caracol Radio Caracol 1260 GLR Networks Radio Continental Radio Panamá W Radio EE UU Colombia México Estadio W Panamá RADIO MUSICAL LOS40 Argentina Chile Colombia Costa Rica Ecuador España Guatemala México Panamá Paraguay Rep. Dominicana Arpegio Aspen Bésame Colombia Costa Rica Panamá Cadena DIAL Concierto Corazón FMDOS Futuro KeBuena España México Máxima FM M80 Radio Oxígeno Pudahuel Q Hubo Radioacktiva Radioactiva Radio Imagina Radio Uno Radiolé Rock&Pop RQP Tropicana La Vallenata Viva Radio MÚSICA Merchandising On Stage Planet Events RLM Tyrona Eventos PRISA Audiovisual MEDIA CAPITAL TV TVI TVI24 TVI Internacional TVI Ficção TVI Reality TVI África TVI Player PRODUCCIÓN AUDIOVISUAL Plural Entertainment RADIO Radio Comercial M80 SmoothFM Cidade FM Vodafone FM DIGITAL IOL Maisfutebol Autoportal Blogs Negócios PRISA PRISA PRISA INN toyoutome blog COMERCIAL Y MARKETING PRISA Brand Solutions cerrar
Retail Search Search steel industryU.S. Steel Stocks Surge as Trump Launches a Probe Into Cheap Chinese Imports RegulationsTrump to Sign New Executive Orders on Taxes and Post-Financial Crisis Reforms MediaBill O’Reilly Could Get a Payout of $25 Million From Fox News TradeTrump Administration and World Financial Officials Clash Over Trade Target Target Says Goodbye to Innovation Chief Phil Wahba Apr 20, 2017 Target (tgt) isn't done tinkering with its c-suite. The discount retailer said on Thursday that its chief innovation and strategy officer, Casey Carl, was leaving the company next month after 20 years, a departure that comes as Target tries to get a faster payoff from its tech investments amid shrinking sales. Carl's exit is just the latest at Target's c-suite, which in the last 18 months has seen the departures of its heads of stores, marketing, human resources and its chief digital officer among others. The Minneapolis Star-Tribune first reported Carl's leaving the company. Target is under pressure to improve its sales performance after reporting three straight quarters of comparable sales declines and saying in February it didn't expect 2017 to be much better. In contrast, Walmart and Amazon.com are each enjoying rising sales. Target scared investors earlier this year when it said it would spend $7 billion over three years on upgrading its stores, e-commerce, supply chain and lower prices, investments that will slam its profit margins. That urgency to get back on track and focus on projects with a clearer and quicker benefit that fix the basics of retail left little room for more experimental efforts. Target recently scrapped an ambitious "store of the future" initiative it had planned to open in Silicon Valley, a place where it was to have showcased robots among other innovations, one of a number of projects Carl had overseen. "We made a tough choice," Target CEO Brian Cornell said at the Shoptalk conference last month in reference to the store of the future being scrapped. "Our focus on innovation has to be something we can realize over the next three or four years inside the core business." In an e-mail to staff announcing Carl's departure, Cornell said the company would look for a replacement and sought to reassure employees about Target's ongoing focus on developing and deploying up-to-date retail tech. "Innovation is alive and well at Target," Cornell wrote in the email, which was obtained the Minneapolis Star-Tribune and whose contents were confirmed by Target. "Innovation must be a mind-set, an essential component of every business, every strategy and every team." Still, Target will keep some of Carl's initiatives. Among them Target's Open House store in San Francisco that showcases Internet of Things items, along with its collaboration with tech accelerator Techstars in looking for and mentoring retail tech startups. It's easy to understand why Target is keeping that initiative alive, given Walmart's recent plan to launch of its own retail incubator, one it has said will take a long term view of tech development. Customer ServiceSite MapPrivacy PolicyAdvertisingAd ChoicesTerms of UseYour California Privacy RightsCareers © 2017 Time Inc. All rights reserved. All products and services featured are based solely on editorial selection. FORTUNE may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Market data provided by Interactive Data. ETF and Mutual Fund data provided by Morningstar, Inc. Dow Jones Terms & Conditions: http://www.djindexes.com/mdsidx/html/tandc/indexestandcs.html. S&P Index data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions. Powered and implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions Subscribe Search Home Fortune 500 All Rankings Tech Leadership Venture Fortune Insiders Most Powerful Women Automotive Careers Energy & Environment Executive Travel Finance Health TIME Health International Looking Forward Retail Markets Magazine Newsletters Videos Fortune Conferences Follow FORTUNE Share Share on Facebook Post on Twitter Email this story Share on Reddit Share on Pinterest Share on LinkedIn
null
null
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español United States Infant, Toddler, and Preschool Furnishings and Durables Report 2016-2020 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 20 Apr, 2017, 11:15 ET Share this article DUBLIN, Apr. 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Infant, Toddler, and Preschool Furnishings and Durables, 5th Edition" report to their offering. Sales will grow by a CAGR of 2.2% to reach $7.8 billion in 2020 Future growth as in the past will be influenced greatly by the number of births and the economy. Recent indications are that both the birth rate and economy are increasing, albeit still at a slow rate, and it remains to be seen if the increases will continue. These positives for the market could be supported by a potential baby boomlet started by Millennial parents. In 2015, Millennial parents (ages 18-34) accounted for 42% of all households with children, making them an important segment of the parenting demographic. Millennials, and many Gen Xers, are willing to spend extra for perceived higher quality products and services. Notably, they value transparency, authenticity, and brands that represent them and their lifestyles. ITP marketers continue to develop products that deliver benefits these consumers demand: convenience, adaptability and versatility, comfort, style and design. However with ITP products safety comes first. It is a huge concern for manufacturers and marketers of ITP products with product recalls a major challenge for the highly regulated industry. Manufacturers and industry organizations urge consumers not to buy second-hand or used products because they may not meet the most current safety standards, and new products are constantly introduced with technologies aimed at making products even safer. The ITP durables market is fragmented with over a hundred manufacturers, marketers, and importers competing across categories and segments. While fragmented, the market is led by a handful of companies like Dorel Industries, Newell Brands and Goodbaby International that generally compete with multiple brands in numerous segments. Other players include midsize companies and more often smaller firms that compete in one or a few product segments. On the retail side the market is highly concentrated with 90% of sales taking place in mass merchandisers/supercenters, baby specialty stores and through e-commerce, which continues to grow at the fastest rate. The market is even more concentrated given that the majority of sales is controlled by less than 10 individual retailers: Babies R Us/Toys R Us, Wal-Mart, Amazon, Target, Buy Buy Baby, K-Mart, and Baby Depot (Burlington). Key Topics Covered: Chapter 1 Executive Summary Introduction Products Outside Scope Overlap of Product Classifications Trends & Innovations Safety huge concern for manufacturers and marketers Adaptability continues to be a major new product trend Busy on-the-go young parents want convenience Design and Fashion Provide Differentiation Licensing Popular Brand Helps Gain Consumer Acceptance 360-degree marketing Marketing Safety The Market U.S. Retail Sales of ITP Durable Furnishings & Accessories at $7 Billion in 2015 Market Forecast The Marketers Fragmented Market with a Handful of Large Players Entrepreneurs and Foreign Players Important Consolidation Continues Distribution and Retail Exclusives more important than store brands to most retailers Baby registries key for ITP product retailers The Consumer Number of births in the U.S. varies little annually Hispanics and Asians have driven birth rates Women giving birth have gotten older Millennials Important ITP Cohort A Large Number of Grandparents to Buy for Grandchildren Only Half of Baby Furniture or Equipment for Own Baby Bought New Chapter 2 The Products Introduction Products Outside Scope Overlap of Product Classifications Regulation and Safety Chapter 3 Trends & Innovations Product Safety Comfort Adaptability Convenience Design and Fashion Provide Differentiation Licensing Popular Brand Helps Gain Consumer Acceptance Marketing Marketing Safety 360 Degree Marketing Infant, Toddler, and Preschool Furnishings and Durables, 5th Edition Still Room for the Entrepreneur Retailing Omni-Channel Retailing Has become Essential Exclusives More Important Than Store Brands to Most Retailers Baby Registries Key for ITP Product Retailers and Manufacturers Chapter 4 The Market Introduction Products Outside Scope U.S. Retail Sales of ITP Durable Furnishings & Accessories at $7 Billion in 2015 Category Sales Segment Sales Sales by Retail Channel Factors Affecting Market Growth Millennials May Be on Verge of Creating Next Baby Boom 40% of Births to Unmarried Women 24 Million Children Five and Under in the U.S. 20 Million Households with Children 5 Years and Younger Consumer Confidence Lagging Economy Impacts Consumer Spending Only Half of Baby Furniture or Equipment for Own Baby Bought New Median Incomes Down from 2007 High but Surge in 2015 Consumers Increase Savings Rates, Reduce Spending Low Prices Help Drive Consumer Spending Non-Home Borrowing Recovers, Driven by Auto and Student Loans Unemployment Rate Declines from 2009 High Market Forecast Chapter 5 The Marketers Marketers and Brands of ITP Products Car Seat Competitors Stroller Competitors Baby Carrier Competitors Play Yard (pack n play) Competitors Infant Activity Competitors High Chair Competitors Crib Competitors Bassinet Competitors Changing Table Competitors Glider, Rocker, & Recliner Competitors Mergers, Acquisitions, Divestitures Competitive Profiles Chapter 6 Distribution and Retail Retail Channels Sales by Retail Channel Key Retailers Distribution Brixy Helps Independently-Owned Baby Stores Compete Chapter 7 The Consumer Defining Infant, Toddler & Preschool Children Measures of Birth and Fertility Number of U.S. Live Births Varies Little Annually Until Recently Birth Rates Correlated Inversely With Economic Indicators Hispanics and Asians Have Driven Birth Rates Women Giving Birth Have Gotten Older 40% of Births to Unmarried Women 24 Million Children Five and Under in the U.S. 20 Million Households with Children 5 Years and Younger Over three Million Households with Someone Expecting a Baby Demographic Characteristics of Households with Young Children, Expecting Woman The Generational Influence of the Millennial Parent Consumer Confidence People with Young Children and Expectant Moms Active Internet Users 6 Million Households Bought Infant Furniture in Last Year A Large Number of Grandparents to Buy for Grandchildren Number of Grandchildren Declines Some Infant Products Better Suited for Own Use Rather Than Gift Only Half of Baby Furniture or Equipment for Own Baby Bought New New or Pre-Owned Depends on Product Nearly Half of Parents Will Only Buy or Use New Car Seats Half of Consumers Buy New Baby Furniture or Equipment at Retail Store(S) Only Walmart, Amazon, Babies R Us and Toys R Us Most Popular for New Baby Furniture/Equipment Purchases Consumers Tend to Purchase Specific ITP Products More Frequently in Certain Retail Channels Companies Mentioned - Amazon - Baby Alert - Baby Trend - Bed Bath & Beyond - Brixy - Burlington - Buy Buy Baby - Chicco - Ciao Baby - Convertible Cribs - Delta Children - Diapers.com - Doona Car Seat - Ergobaby - Evenflo - Graco's - Greenguard - Halo Bassinest - Kars4Kids - Maxi-Cosi - Mommy Blogger - Pottery Barn Kids - Rachel Zoe Collection - Safety 1st - Sense A Life - Target - ToysRUs - Tula Cult - Walmart For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/qs3lmd/infant_toddler Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/united-states-infant-toddler-and-preschool-furnishings-and-durables-report-2016-2020---research-and-markets-300442775.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 20 Apr, 2017, 12:03 ET Preview: China New Energy Vehicle Power Electronics Industry Report 2017 Featuring Analysis on 27 Chinese Enterprises & 14 Global Enterprises - Research and Markets 20 Apr, 2017, 11:00 ET Preview: North America Feed Mycotoxin Detoxifiers Market Growth, Trends And Forecasts 2016 - 2021 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 20 Apr, 2017, 14:45 ET Global Internet of Things (IoT) in Warehouse Management Market... 20 Apr, 2017, 14:45 ET Global Diesel Gensets Market 2012-2017 & 2022 - Research and... Explore More news releases in similar topics Furniture and Furnishings Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: United States Infant, Toddler, and Preschool Furnishings and Durables Report 2016-2020 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 20 Apr, 2017, 11:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News France Česko Danmark Nederlands Suomi Deutschland Italia Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko España Sverige português español Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Home News News Obituaries Garage Sales Sports Stocks Weather Schedule Staff Events/Contests Contact WLDY-WJBL The Dice Like Us On Facebook! Like Us On Facebook! Click for weather forecast 2017 Spring Radio AuctionApril 22nd, 2017 2 days to go. « Wisconsin Sports 4-20 John Thomas Paulson » Rusk County News WLDY-WJBL NEWS 4-20-17 (Madison, WI)  —  Despite early morning thunderstorms in many areas, officials are still planning to conduct tornado drills today (Thursday). Wisconsin Emergency Management says a simulated tornado watch will be issued statewide starting at one p-m, with two full warnings at 1:45 and 6:45. The National Weather Service and Wisconsin Broadcasters Association also sponsor the drills, which are aired on most radio and T-V stations statewide. It’s all a part of Tornado and Severe Weather Awareness Week — and the purpose is to give homes, schools, and businesses a chance to test their safety procedures and evacuation plans in the event of a real tornado. Officials say there is no risk for severe weather for the rest of the day. Parts of west central Wisconsin received up to two point eight inches of rain during the night — and about 83-hundred electric customers were still without power late this (Thursday) morning, mostly in the Milwaukee area. Wednesday morning at 10:20, Ladysmith Police responded to the Walmart Parking lot on a report of a pedestrian who was struck by a vehicle and the operator of the striking vehicle left the scene. According to the report, Rusk County deputies located the suspect at his residence. The suspect was identified as Stanley R. Iverson, 78. Iverson admitted to knowing that he struck a person and admitted to fleeing the scene to avoid apprehension. He was arrested, charges of 2nd degree recklessly endangering safety and hit and run causing injury are being referred to the Rusk County District Attorney’s Office. Wednesday night the Rusk County Sheriff’s Office served a number of warrants. Just after 11 PM a warrant was served at a residence on County Highway Conrath. After an investigation a male subject was taken into custody and transported to the Rusk County jail. A warrant was served at a residence on County Highway VV, Sheldon at about 12;35 this (Thursday) morning. A Rusk County deputy made contact with the male subject who was taken into custody and transported to the Rusk County jail. WASHINGTON (AP) — More people sought U.S. unemployment benefits last week, yet total applications remained at a historically low level that suggests workers are enjoying solid job security. The Labor Department says weekly applications for unemployment benefits rose 10,000 to a seasonally adjusted 244,000. The four-week average, a less volatile measure, fell to 243,000. Applications are a proxy for layoffs. They have been below the 300,000 benchmark for 111 weeks. That’s the longest such streak since 1970. The data adds to evidence that the job market is healthy, even as the economy is growing at a sluggish pace. Employers added an average of 175,000 jobs a month from January through March. The unemployment rate has fallen to 4.5 percent, the lowest in nearly a decade. MADISON, Wis. (AP) — U.S. Sen. Tammy Duckworth, of Illinois, will be the keynote speaker at the Wisconsin Democratic Party convention in June. The state party on Thursday announced Duckworth as the headliner for the first day of its meeting Friday, June 2. The annual gathering bringing together state office holders, party activists and others is in Middleton, just outside of Madison. The meeting comes as the Democratic Party prepares to defend the seat of U.S. Sen. Tammy Baldwin next year and find a challenger for Republican Gov. Scott Walker. Numerous Democrats have said they will not take him on, while others are still mulling whether to get in the race. State party chairwoman Martha Laning is also seeking re-election. That vote will occur at the convention. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related WLDY-WJBL NEWS Bill W. Grunseth April 20, 2017 Bill W. Grunseth, 70, of Gilman, passed away on Wednesday, April 19th. He is survived by his wife of nearly 50 years, Eileen; 2 daughters Rebecca (Chris) Pritzl of Kenosha and Jennifer (Doug) Thompson of Chippewa Falls; 1 son Nick (Britny) of Eau Claire; four grandchildren Jacob and Elizabeth Thompson and Emmett and Lara Grunseth; […] John Thomas Paulson April 20, 2017 John Thomas Paulson, 72, Glen Flora, died on Tuesday, April 18th, at the Flambeau Hospital, Park Falls.  He is survived by his 3 children, Jennell (Louis) Collins of Phillips, Jodi Long of Clearwater, Fla, and Jonathon (Rebecca) Paulson of Kewaunee, 9 grandchildren, 1 great-grandchildren, 1 brother, Dan (Linda) Paulson, Ocotillo, Ca., and many nieces and […] ABC SPORTS Tiger Woods' injury timeline April 20, 2017 Tiger Woods' ailments are well-documented, starting in his collegiate days and continuing throughout his 20 years on the PGA Tour. The following is a list of Woods' injuries and procedures throughout his career: 1994 Tumor removal: When Woods was a student at Stanford University, he had a benign tumor removed from his left knee. 2002 […] Lawyer: Medical examiner has not released Aaron Hernandez's brain April 20, 2017 BOSTON -- Aaron Hernandez's family wants to donate his brain to science, but Massachusetts officials are refusing to release it despite turning over the rest of his body to a funeral home, the former NFL star's lawyer said Thursday. Hernandez was serving a life sentence for the murder of Odin Lloyd. Hernandez's death was ruled […] Widow of Saints star Will Smith upset at killer's 25 years April 20, 2017 The man who killed retired New Orleans Saints star Will Smith during a traffic dispute has been sentenced to 25 years for manslaughter ABC NEWS Bill O'Reilly to get payout up to $25 million: Reports April 20, 2017 He was terminated by Fox News on Wednesday, Widow of Saints star Will Smith upset at killer's 25 years April 20, 2017 The man who killed retired New Orleans Saints star Will Smith during a traffic dispute has been sentenced to 25 years for manslaughter 2 Seattle officers shot while responding to robbery April 20, 2017 Both officers are in stable condition. One suspect remains at large. Recent Posts Garage Sales News Obituaries Sports Contact | Staff | News Copyright © 2017. All Rights Reserved. Hosted by Meggahosting and WordPress Theme created by Bill.
null
Search Brookings Search About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Search   The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution The reality of main street Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print SMS More Reddit Google Stumbleupon Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More Search Menu Trending Education U.S. Foreign Policy K-12 Education Metropolitan Revolution The reality of main street Bruce Katz and Patrice Frey Thursday, April 20, 2017 Metropolitan Revolution Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print SMS More Reddit Google Stumbleupon Louis Hyman’s recent piece in The New York Times Sunday Review, The Myth of Main Street, presents a bleak choice for rural and rust-belt America: persist in hopeless efforts to rebuild your downtown or graciously accept a future of telecommuting for a distant corporation. The former he decries as nostalgia; the latter as the only economically viable option. But this offer is a false choice: there is another way for smaller communities to compete in today’s economy and we believe a strong main street strategy is at the heart of it.  Authors Bruce Katz Centennial Scholar - Centennial Scholar Initiative Twitter bruce_katz Patrice Frey President and CEO - National Main Street Center, Inc. Twitter PatriceFrey It is true that main streets have been battered in recent decades. Big-box and internet retail paired with the globalization of production have exposed communities to unprecedented competition. Sprawling development and migration have emptied out many small downtowns. Yet far from a myth, some main streets are thriving. These communities leverage the density of older and historic buildings, educational institutions and community and cultural facilities in their town centers to attract investment and bring renewed vitality to once hollowed-out downtowns. Decades-old prognostications about how the internet would make location obsolete have failed to come true; place matters more than ever. That’s as true in rural and midsized towns as it is in the largest of cities, all of which are competing to attract talented workers and global capital. One company town learning that lesson is Bentonville, Arkansas, (pop 40,000) home to Wal-Mart, one of the very companies implicated in main street’s demise, and which is now investing in revitalization of the historic downtown as a talent attraction strategy. In 2009 Dubuque, Iowa, (pop. 58,000) successfully attracted an IBM service center to a historic downtown building, bringing 1300 quality jobs, in part because of that community’s investment in downtown and quality of life for residents. Creating thriving small and mid-sized towns is, of course, no small task. It requires local leaders, business owners, and community residents to come together to identify their assets, strategically situate themselves in their regional economy, and develop a shared vision and identity to sell to the world. Communities make this vision a reality by creating quality public spaces, prioritizing local entrepreneurship, emphasizing production, and supporting downtown housing. Activating public space creates a sense of excitement and provides the momentum to sustain long-term revitalization efforts. Affordable and easily implementable projects range from the installation of crosswalk art, to community movie nights, to the addition of movable seating along sidewalks. All of these endeavors encourage folks to get out, linger in, and support their downtown. Thriving main streets also foster entrepreneurship by identifying and supporting existing or would-be business owners. Local revitalization efforts clear the path for entrepreneurs, connecting them with financing, space, training, and other resources. Emporia, Kansas (pop. 25,000) is just one such example, having launched or expanded its 70th small business in the last 15 years thanks to an innovative revolving fund and hands-on education for business owners. Related Books Upcoming The New Localism By Bruce Katz and Jeremy Nowak 2017 The Metropolitan Revolution 2013 Upcoming The Public Wealth of Cities By Dag Detter and Stefan Fölster 2017 The most successful towns understand they cannot build a sustainable economy solely based on consumption; communities must nurture production and innovation. In Erie, PA, (pop. 101,000) the downtown expansion of Erie Insurance anchors a planned cluster of data science and cyber-security activity. Roanoke, VA (pop. 98,000) has become an Appalachian success story by turning old railroad yards into a biomedical research campus near its growing downtown. And while not every town can cultivate such advanced industries, smaller-scale manufacturers can bolster local economies and enliven main streets. In Leadville, Colorado (pop. 2600), Melanzana Outdoor Clothing is booming as a small manufacturer of specialty clothing. In Water Valley, Mississippi (pop. 3300), the Yalobusha Brewing Company produces ale out of an old building on main street, and sells their products regionally. These businesses—and thousands of others—benefit from a growing consumer preference for American-made and artisanal goods, and contribute directly to the health of their downtowns. Finally, downtown housing is essential. The same factors that motivate Millennials and Boomers to live in walkable, mixed use neighborhoods in big cities are driving these populations to locate downtown in smaller towns. Investing in housing helps to retain, and in some cases attract, the old and the young, and it creates more pedestrian traffic to support retail, dining and service storefronts. Towns like Mt. Vernon, Iowa (pop. 4600) have revitalized their downtowns in part by converting upper-stories along Main Street into housing. Hyman is right to encourage local leaders to identify and value the existing skills of their workforce; it is likely that these skills are undervalued and underleveraged.  But he wrongfully dismisses the broader economic and place-based assets that exist in main streets. With many federal programs that support struggling places, such as Community Development Block Grants or the Appalachian Regional Commission, threatened in the President’s budget, now is the time for communities to act locally and maximize the value of their places.   Related Cities & Regions Cities and refugees: The German experience Bruce Katz, Luise Noring, and Nantke Garrelts Sunday, September 18, 2016 Economic Development Positioned for growth: Advancing the Oklahoma City innovation district Scott Andes, Jason Hachadorian, Bruce Katz, Anna Siprikova, Jennifer S. Vey, and Meg Walker Tuesday, April 18, 2017 The Avenue The top 10 metropolitan port complexes in the U.S. Adie Tomer and Joseph Kane Wednesday, July 1, 2015 Related Topics Cities & Regions Economic Development Quality of Life U.S. States and Territories More Thu Apr 27 Upcoming Event Fragility, resilience, and security of 21st century cities 2:00 PM - 3:30 PM EDT Washington, DC Play Video Unpacked Investing in infrastructure Adie Tomer Thursday, March 30, 2017 Metropolitan Revolution Older adults have much to offer—and much to gain from—innovation districts Jessica A. Lee Wednesday, March 22, 2017 The Brookings Institution Facebook Find us on Facebook Twitter Find us on Twitter YouTube Find us on YouTube Podcast Listen to our Podcast Browse Newsletters Browse Newsletters RSS Subscribe to our RSS Languages Español 中文 عربي About Us Research Programs Find an Expert For Media Careers Contact Terms and Conditions Brookings Privacy Policy Copyright 2017 The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution Close Trending Education U.S. Foreign Policy K-12 Education Topics Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Get daily updates from Brookings Enter Email Close Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women United States Infant, Toddler, and Preschool Furnishings and Durables Report 2016-2020 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 20 Apr, 2017, 16:24 BST Share this article DUBLIN, Apr. 20, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Infant, Toddler, and Preschool Furnishings and Durables, 5th Edition" report to their offering. Sales will grow by a CAGR of 2.2% to reach $7.8 billion in 2020 Future growth as in the past will be influenced greatly by the number of births and the economy. Recent indications are that both the birth rate and economy are increasing, albeit still at a slow rate, and it remains to be seen if the increases will continue. These positives for the market could be supported by a potential baby boomlet started by Millennial parents. In 2015, Millennial parents (ages 18-34) accounted for 42% of all households with children, making them an important segment of the parenting demographic. Millennials, and many Gen Xers, are willing to spend extra for perceived higher quality products and services. Notably, they value transparency, authenticity, and brands that represent them and their lifestyles. ITP marketers continue to develop products that deliver benefits these consumers demand: convenience, adaptability and versatility, comfort, style and design. However with ITP products safety comes first. It is a huge concern for manufacturers and marketers of ITP products with product recalls a major challenge for the highly regulated industry. Manufacturers and industry organizations urge consumers not to buy second-hand or used products because they may not meet the most current safety standards, and new products are constantly introduced with technologies aimed at making products even safer. The ITP durables market is fragmented with over a hundred manufacturers, marketers, and importers competing across categories and segments. While fragmented, the market is led by a handful of companies like Dorel Industries, Newell Brands and Goodbaby International that generally compete with multiple brands in numerous segments. Other players include midsize companies and more often smaller firms that compete in one or a few product segments. On the retail side the market is highly concentrated with 90% of sales taking place in mass merchandisers/supercenters, baby specialty stores and through e-commerce, which continues to grow at the fastest rate. The market is even more concentrated given that the majority of sales is controlled by less than 10 individual retailers: Babies R Us/Toys R Us, Wal-Mart, Amazon, Target, Buy Buy Baby, K-Mart, and Baby Depot (Burlington). Key Topics Covered: Chapter 1 Executive Summary Introduction Products Outside Scope Overlap of Product Classifications Trends & Innovations Safety huge concern for manufacturers and marketers Adaptability continues to be a major new product trend Busy on-the-go young parents want convenience Design and Fashion Provide Differentiation Licensing Popular Brand Helps Gain Consumer Acceptance 360-degree marketing Marketing Safety The Market U.S. Retail Sales of ITP Durable Furnishings & Accessories at $7 Billion in 2015 Market Forecast The Marketers Fragmented Market with a Handful of Large Players Entrepreneurs and Foreign Players Important Consolidation Continues Distribution and Retail Exclusives more important than store brands to most retailers Baby registries key for ITP product retailers The Consumer Number of births in the U.S. varies little annually Hispanics and Asians have driven birth rates Women giving birth have gotten older Millennials Important ITP Cohort A Large Number of Grandparents to Buy for Grandchildren Only Half of Baby Furniture or Equipment for Own Baby Bought New Chapter 2 The Products Introduction Products Outside Scope Overlap of Product Classifications Regulation and Safety Chapter 3 Trends & Innovations Product Safety Comfort Adaptability Convenience Design and Fashion Provide Differentiation Licensing Popular Brand Helps Gain Consumer Acceptance Marketing Marketing Safety 360 Degree Marketing Infant, Toddler, and Preschool Furnishings and Durables, 5th Edition Still Room for the Entrepreneur Retailing Omni-Channel Retailing Has become Essential Exclusives More Important Than Store Brands to Most Retailers Baby Registries Key for ITP Product Retailers and Manufacturers Chapter 4 The Market Introduction Products Outside Scope U.S. Retail Sales of ITP Durable Furnishings & Accessories at $7 Billion in 2015 Category Sales Segment Sales Sales by Retail Channel Factors Affecting Market Growth Millennials May Be on Verge of Creating Next Baby Boom 40% of Births to Unmarried Women 24 Million Children Five and Under in the U.S. 20 Million Households with Children 5 Years and Younger Consumer Confidence Lagging Economy Impacts Consumer Spending Only Half of Baby Furniture or Equipment for Own Baby Bought New Median Incomes Down from 2007 High but Surge in 2015 Consumers Increase Savings Rates, Reduce Spending Low Prices Help Drive Consumer Spending Non-Home Borrowing Recovers, Driven by Auto and Student Loans Unemployment Rate Declines from 2009 High Market Forecast Chapter 5 The Marketers Marketers and Brands of ITP Products Car Seat Competitors Stroller Competitors Baby Carrier Competitors Play Yard (pack n play) Competitors Infant Activity Competitors High Chair Competitors Crib Competitors Bassinet Competitors Changing Table Competitors Glider, Rocker, & Recliner Competitors Mergers, Acquisitions, Divestitures Competitive Profiles Chapter 6 Distribution and Retail Retail Channels Sales by Retail Channel Key Retailers Distribution Brixy Helps Independently-Owned Baby Stores Compete Chapter 7 The Consumer Defining Infant, Toddler & Preschool Children Measures of Birth and Fertility Number of U.S. Live Births Varies Little Annually Until Recently Birth Rates Correlated Inversely With Economic Indicators Hispanics and Asians Have Driven Birth Rates Women Giving Birth Have Gotten Older 40% of Births to Unmarried Women 24 Million Children Five and Under in the U.S. 20 Million Households with Children 5 Years and Younger Over three Million Households with Someone Expecting a Baby Demographic Characteristics of Households with Young Children, Expecting Woman The Generational Influence of the Millennial Parent Consumer Confidence People with Young Children and Expectant Moms Active Internet Users 6 Million Households Bought Infant Furniture in Last Year A Large Number of Grandparents to Buy for Grandchildren Number of Grandchildren Declines Some Infant Products Better Suited for Own Use Rather Than Gift Only Half of Baby Furniture or Equipment for Own Baby Bought New New or Pre-Owned Depends on Product Nearly Half of Parents Will Only Buy or Use New Car Seats Half of Consumers Buy New Baby Furniture or Equipment at Retail Store(S) Only Walmart, Amazon, Babies R Us and Toys R Us Most Popular for New Baby Furniture/Equipment Purchases Consumers Tend to Purchase Specific ITP Products More Frequently in Certain Retail Channels Companies Mentioned - Amazon - Baby Alert - Baby Trend - Bed Bath & Beyond - Brixy - Burlington - Buy Buy Baby - Chicco - Ciao Baby - Convertible Cribs - Delta Children - Diapers.com - Doona Car Seat - Ergobaby - Evenflo - Graco's - Greenguard - Halo Bassinest - Kars4Kids - Maxi-Cosi - Mommy Blogger - Pottery Barn Kids - Rachel Zoe Collection - Safety 1st - Sense A Life - Target - ToysRUs - Tula Cult - Walmart For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/qs3lmd/infant_toddler Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com For E.S.T Office Hours Call +1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call +1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716 SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 20 Apr, 2017, 17:07 BST Preview: China New Energy Vehicle Power Electronics Industry Report 2017 Featuring Analysis on 27 Chinese Enterprises & 14 Global Enterprises - Research and Markets 20 Apr, 2017, 16:00 BST Preview: North America Feed Mycotoxin Detoxifiers Market Growth, Trends And Forecasts 2016 - 2021 - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 20 Apr, 2017, 20:00 BSTGlobal Internet of Things (IoT) in Warehouse Management Market... 20 Apr, 2017, 19:45 BSTGlobal Diesel Gensets Market 2012-2017 & 2022 - Research and... Explore More news releases in similar topics Furniture and Furnishings Publishing & Information Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: United States Infant, Toddler, and Preschool Furnishings and Durables Report 2016-2020 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 20 Apr, 2017, 16:24 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News Benelux Regulatory News View All Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
caret-down clock comment email facebook feed go-to-bottom go-to-top heart log-out moon pencil search-white twitter cog list user mefi-shirt bracketed-plus down-arrow html-bracket-left html-bracket-right slash two-lines bold close hyperlink icon_19502 icon_248 icon_299 italic media1 media2 media4 media5 media7 media8 musicnote hide show Reality a drag? Try some fantasy, with the Faves & Flags RPG! Ask MetaFilter querying the hive mind Log In Sign Up MetaFilter AskMeFi FanFare Projects Music Jobs IRL MetaTalk More Best Of Podcast Chat Labs Search MetaFilter… Menu Home FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random Cashew Milk Conundrum April 20, 2017 8:18 AM   Subscribe For what reason did all the stores in my area decide to stop carrying Cashew Milk in the original variety? And is it just my area, or everywhere the product is carried? About two years ago stores in my area (I live in Florida) started carrying Cashew Milk in addition to regular milk, Almond Milk, Rice Milk etc. Initially the stores (Wal-Mart, Publix, local health food stores) all carried Cashew Milk in the original (sweetened), unsweetened, vanilla regular and later on vanilla unsweetened. I started buying Cashew Milk, original variety as the best alternative to vanilla soy I could find. I love vanilla soy but I drink a lot of it and from what I understand too much soy is not healthy. So Cashew Original seemed like a great alternative. Over time, though, I noticed that Cashew Original started to disappear. Now all the stores carry only Unsweetened Cashew Milk or Unsweetened Vanilla Cashew. Only one still carries the original variety - the big-box store with a white terrier for a mascot, and I am not sure why given it has vanished from everywhere else. Thus I expect sooner or later they will stop carrying it as well. What I find really amazing is that this is across the board - it applies in the freezer sections, to the packaged box varieties you can keep unrefrigerated until you open them, to any blended milks with cashew in it, even to the brand-new Cashew Yogurt they just rolled out at the health food store. It, too, is unsweetened, with no sweetened option in sight. I can live without it - I mean, there are other options, notably Hemp Milk, Oatmeal Milk, and so on, but nothing is quite like Cashew Milk Original by Silk. Everything, I mean everything else I can find, comes in the sweetened variety. Someone suggested that the retailers are doing this as the most generic solution for people who want a plain unsweetened milk alternative and they chose this product to fill that slot. I think that may be part of the reason but it still doesn't explain to me why all the other cashew products are offered unsweetened-only as well. It's not really an important question I know but I have been wondering for quite some time. Thank you. posted by Crystal Fox to Food & Drink (5 answers total)   From a random site: Global demand for cashews has spiked 53% since 2010 and exceeded production rates for four of the past seven years, making its sales the fastest-growing in the tree-nut category, according to Bloomberg. An unprecedented drought in Vietnam, the world's top cashew importer, threatens to further reduce supplies and skyrocket prices. The current market is valued at $52 billion. Exports have jumped 70% in a decade, and 25% of all cashew shipments come to the U.S. The nuts are used to make products like cashew milk and protein bars, or sold as snacks. Also, from Bloomberg, October 31, 2016: This year’s cashew harvest fell 11 percent, and domestic prices jumped by as much as a third to an all-time high, a growers’ group estimates. That spells trouble for buyers in the U.S., by far the biggest importer. posted by GuyZero at 8:27 AM on April 20 [2 favorites] You didn't mention the brand, but if you know the brand name or have old packaging, did you try calling the company or emailing them directly? posted by blnkfrnk at 8:31 AM on April 20 If you're talking about Silk brand original cashew milk, I used their product finder and it is available at some grocery stores in my area (Minneapolis) as well as the bullseye retailer you mentioned. So, it might just be your area. I noticed that the original has a lower rating on their website than the unsweetened variety, so maybe it's not a big seller in your area for some reason. posted by cabingirl at 9:04 AM on April 20 When all the stores in a region go out of stock at once, it points to an issue with the distributor (likely UNFI or similar). The distributor could temporarily be out of stock, or they might just have made a big price increase on certain cashew products -- either way, that would be reflected on store shelves across your region. posted by ourobouros at 9:37 AM on April 20 (why aren't we naming the Voldemort store?) posted by exceptinsects at 12:32 PM on April 20 « Older What are the Muppets?   |   Need my celebrity fixes. Newer » You are not logged in, either login or create an account to post comments Related Questions How do I get tour buses to stop at my restaurant? June 25, 2015 Tell me about your dream cafe/coffee shop? March 7, 2014 Mold me a Lifesaver (r) October 15, 2011 Who is Jay Wright? June 13, 2011 How to entice restaurant reviewers? August 25, 2010 Tags Cashewmilk milkalternatives bigboxretailers marketing Share Twitter Facebook About Ask MetaFilter Ask MetaFilter is a question and answer site that covers nearly any question on earth, where members help each other solve problems. Ask MetaFilter is where thousands of life's little questions are answered. Sites MetaFilter AskMeFi FanFare Projects Music Jobs IRL MetaTalk Best Of Podcast Links Home FAQ About Archives Tags Popular Random Wiki Search Chat Labs Members Sign Up Log In Search MetaFilter… Fund MetaFilter Join 4,299 readers in helping fund MetaFilter Contact Us © 1999–2017 MetaFilter Network Inc. All posts copyright their original authors. Classic Theme.
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Cherokee Nation Files Landmark Lawsuit To Hold Pharmacies, Opioid Distributors Accountable McKesson, Cardinal Health, AmerisourceBergen, CVS Health, Walgreens and Wal-Mart named in lawsuitPharmacies and distributors profited from diversion of opioids to the communities of the Cherokee Nation TAHLEQUAH, Okla., April 20, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Today, the Cherokee Nation filed a lawsuit against McKesson Corporation, Cardinal Health, Inc., AmerisourceBergen, CVS Health, Walgreens Boots Alliance, Inc., and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., charging the companies with failing to prevent the flow of illegally prescribed opioids to men, women and children in the Cherokee Nation. This lawsuit is the first of its kind filed in the United States, as it seeks to hold distributors and retailers responsible for perpetuating the opioid crisis in the 14 counties in northeast Oklahoma that comprise the Cherokee Nation. Experts expect other jurisdictions to file similar claims as communities grapple with the financial and social burdens of the opioid epidemic. "Tribal nations have survived disease, removal from our homelands, termination and other adversities, and still we prospered. However, I fear the opioid epidemic is emerging as the next great challenge of our modern era," said Cherokee Nation Principal Chief Bill John Baker. "As we fight this epidemic in our hospitals, our schools and our Cherokee homes, we will also use our legal system to make sure the companies, who put profits over people while our society is crippled by this epidemic, are held responsible for their actions." Pharmacies and opioid distributers, under federal law, have a responsibility to alert regulators of suspicious orders and illegitimate prescriptions. Suspicious activities would include: when a distributor fills a single pharmacy's orders that are suddenly thousands of pills above the average or are disproportionate to the size of the area's population; patterns of employee theft; and pharmacy customers seeking opioids for nonmedical purposes. When suspicious orders are filled, highly dangerous controlled substances are diverted into the hands of unauthorized users and the illegal black market, fueling the opioid epidemic.  According to the DEA, over 2.75 billion milligrams of opioids were distributed in Oklahoma in 2015. An estimated 845 million milligrams were distributed in the 14 counties of the Cherokee Nation. That averages out to between 360 and 720 pills per year for every prescription opioid user in the Cherokee Nation. Based on CDC reports, deaths from opioid-related overdoses more than doubled within the Cherokee Nation between 2003 and 2014. For adults within the Cherokee Nation, overdose deaths now outnumber deaths due to car accidents. "These companies must be held accountable for their gross negligence, which has fueled the opioid epidemic. We deserve better," said Cherokee Nation Attorney General Todd Hembree. "They enabled prescription opioids to fall into illicit distribution channels, failed to alert regulators of extreme volume, and incentivized sales of these drugs with financial bonuses. We will not stand by while children are born addicted to opioids and our citizens die." The Cherokee Nation is represented by special counsel Richard Fields of Fields PLLC and Boies Schiller Flexner partners Steve Zack and William Ohlemeyer. "The defendants will need to answer for turning a blind eye to the grave harm they are causing individuals, their families and communities, which are left to pick up the pieces," said Fields.    "We look forward to presenting this evidence to the Cherokee tribal court so that the citizens most harmed by the opioid epidemic can get the justice they deserve," said Ohlemeyer. The full complaint, which was filed in Cherokee Nation tribal court, can be found here: http://bit.ly/2pVQ4cq SOURCE Cherokee Nation CategoriesUncategorized TagsHealth Care/Hospitals, Legal Issues, Pharmaceuticals Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Canadian General Investments: Report of Voting Results Next PostNext Global Industrial Pressure Sensors Market 2017: Gems, Amphenol, Dynisco, NXP Semiconductor, Texas Instruments Search Recent Posts Automotive Daytime Running Lamps Market to Register Steady Growth During 2016 – 2026 Karaoke Player Global Market Major Manufacturers, Trends, Demand, Share Analysis to 2021 Führendes Unternehmen für künstliche Intelligenz, Digital Reasoning, ernennt Brett Jackson zum CEO. Ziel ist die Beschleunigung des Unternehmensaachstums. Republic Airways Plan of Reorganization Receives Final Approval Good Autumn Conditions Benefit Rural Real Estate Market Proudly powered by WordPress
Front Page About GNS Business/Industry Communities Education Entertainment Links Directory Maritime Medicine & Science Opinion/Forum Public Safety Transportation Weather Associates Media Kit Bay Area Houston Brazoria County Chambers County Fort Bend County Galveston County Harris County Jefferson County Liberty County Montgomery County Orange County State of Alabama State of Florida State of Louisiana State of Texas State of Mississippi Washington D.C. Higher Education Elementary and Primary Education Forum Jim Guidry Commentaries Galveston County Kemah City Council by Garrett Bryce Thursday, April 20, 2017 Kemah City Council on Wednesday voted unanimously to authorize the mayor to execute a revised Section 380 economic development agreement with GBT Realty that incorporates the terms and conditions as discussed in closed session in a form that is acceptable to the city attorney. The motion was made in relation to an economic development project being considered on property adjacent to the Wal-Mart on FM 518. The city council voted unanimously to appoint council members Robin Collins and Teresa Vazquez-Evans to a design assistance committee to support planning the City Hall expansion. The city council voted unanimously to approve the city's hazard mitigation plan. The city council voted 3-0-3, with Kyle Burks and Matt Wiggins abstaining, to authorize permanent closure of Bay Avenue between 7th and 8th streets and approve private installation and maintenance of landscaping within the associated right of way. The city council took no action regarding any necessary budget amendments. All other items were approved by unanimous vote. All members were present. Agenda Guidry News Service is headquartered in Midtown Houston. at 4001 Fannin Street, Suite 4432, Houston, TX. 77004-4077 (409) 763 NEWS(6397)         News@GuidryNews.com © 1996, Guidry News Service. Duplication of any part of this website in any manner is prohibited.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman „Global Indoor Positioning and Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market 2017-2021” Now Available Boston, MA — (SBWIRE) — 04/20/2017 — Indoor positioning and indoor navigation (IPIN) technology make use of sensors, magnetic positioning, and Bluetooth low energy (BLE) technology to precisely track users indoors. IPIN can help people navigate indoors in places such as hospitals, museums, and university campuses. Indoor positioning systems depend on three parameters, namely the dynamic positioning system platform, beacons that broadcast signals to smartphones, and the apps that make the systems indispensable to consumers. BLE beacons that assist indoor positioning are inexpensive; it is also easy to install and maintain them. American Airlines, Walmart, Coca-Cola, Apple, Macy’s stores, Lord & Taylor stores, and Nivea are key organizations that are already experiencing the benefits of the BLE positioning system. Get More Details on this Report and a Full Table of Contents at Global Indoor Positioning And Indoor Navigation (IPIN) Market 2017-2021 Technavio’s analysts forecast the global IPIN market to grow at a CAGR of 58.90% during the period 2017-2021. Covered in this report The report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the global IPIN market for 2017-2021. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the use of the IPIN applications, the sales of the BLE-based beacons globally during the forecast period. The market is divided into the following segments based on geography: -Americas -APAC -EMEA Technavio’s report, Global IPIN Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. Key vendors -Google -Apple -Here -Micello Other prominent vendors -Beaconinside -bluepath -GiPStech -MazeMap -Nextome -Pinmicro -Pointr -shopkick -Spreo Market driver -High penetration of mobile computing devices. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market challenge -Lack of awareness about IPIN technology. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Market trend -Growing popularity of cloud-based big data analytics. -For a full, detailed list, view our report Key questions answered in this report -What will the market size be in 2021 and what will the growth rate be? -What are the key market trends? -What is driving this market? -What are the challenges to market growth? -Who are the key vendors in this market space? -What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? -What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors? You can request one free hour of our analyst’s time when you purchase this market report. Details are provided within the report. Companies Mentioned in this Report: Google, Apple, Here, Micello, Beaconinside, bluepath, GiPStech, MazeMap, Nextome, Pinmicro, Pointr, shopkick, Spreo About Fast Market Research Fast Market Research is a leading distributor of market research and business information. Representing the world’s top research publishers and analysts, we provide quick and easy access to the best competitive intelligence available. Our unbiased, expert staff is always available to help you find the right research to fit your requirements and your budget. For more information about these or related research reports, please visit our website at http://www.fastmr.com or call us at 1.800.844.8156. Browse all Information Technology research reports at Fast Market Research You may also be interested in these related reports: –Global Indoor LBS Market 2016-2020 –Global Indoor Location-based Search and Advertising Market 2016-2020 –Global Mobile Map Market 2017-2021 –Global Location-based Services Market in the Healthcare Industry 2016-2020 –Global Surgical Navigation Software Market 2017-2021 CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Metalla Royalty and Streaming Ltd. (EXCFF: OTCQB) | Metalla Announces $530,000 Financing and Sale of Common Shares to an Institutional Investor Next PostNext Simply Hooked Sustainable Seafood Restaurant Opens in The New York’s Lower East Side Search Recent Posts FlipHTML5 – Top Flipping Book Publishing Service for Presenting PDF Content This Earth Day, naked Hub partners with RESET to raise health and wellbeing standards for coworking spaces in Asia continuing naked’s commitment to sustainability and the environment Enterprise Bancorp, Inc. Announces First Quarter 2017 Net Income of $5.6 Million Merus Announces Data from a Phase 1/2 Study of MCLA-128 to be Presented at the 2017 American Society of Clinical Oncology Annual Meeting Proofpoint Announces First Quarter 2017 Financial Results Proudly powered by WordPress
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Deals & Coupons News and weather for: [change] Bangor Friday, April 21, 2017    Last update: 1 a.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Maine Focus News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland Police identify body found in Brewer woods by Wal-Mart Print Email Share Tweet By Danielle McLean, BDN staff Posted April 20, 2017, at 10:22 a.m. Last modified April 20, 2017, at 7:26 p.m. Bangor, Maine — Police on Wednesday released the identity of the man whose body was found Sunday morning near the Brewer Wal-Mart. Adam Laird, 36, a Bangor-area transient, was found in the woods near the store, Brewer Police Department Sgt. Fred Luce said Wednesday. The body was found by someone walking a dog, Public Safety Director Jason Moffitt said Monday. The death was not considered suspicious. The manner and cause of Laird’s death are still pending, Mark Belserene, spokesman for the state medical examiner’s office, said Thursday. Watch bangordailynews.com for updates. SEE COMMENTS → News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Argument between husband, boyfriend preceded Easter shooting, wife says Embattled Maine jail leader resigns amid new woes after OUI arrest Here are some of the insults Stephen King has aimed at President Trump since the inauguration Orland man killed in crash on Route 1A in Holden Police identify body found in Brewer woods by Wal-Mart If the GOP succeeds in changing health care, Maine’s state budget is another loser Opioid health homes will expand Mainers’ access to the resources to kick their addictions Thursday, April 20, 2017: Why we have the Second Amendment, push against anti-immigrant bill, don’t punish people with hardships Friday, April 21, 2017: Don’t take raise from tipped workers, reject anti-immigrant bill, it’s time to reform the Democratic Party Please don’t call me cisgendered Trump welcomes Patriots to White House; Brady no-shows Unity Raceway plans transformation into dirt track in 2018 UMaine men’s hockey team signs two more players Rare triple play helps Edward Little softball team beat Brewer Tom Brady named to Time’s most influential people list #MAINE Here are some of the insults Stephen King has aimed at President Trump since the inauguration STATE & CAPITOL LePage does not want Maine to be a red state — at least when it comes to police car lights THE BDN BUZZ What’s next for Bill O’Reilly after his ouster at Fox News? #MAINE Maine’s most ‘disproportionately popular job’ is easy to guess URBAN EYE Lobster roll competition comes to Portland Lobster roll competition comes to Portland 70 years after the great fires in Maine, new novel explores the aftermath This 85-year-old ‘gave up his life’ to move to Maine, where his music remains a treasure The hot new trend in food is literal garbage Movie review: ‘Born in China’ is breathtaking Blogs Be a BDN blogger | Browse BDN blogs West of The Fields West of The Fields New music including Bishop Briggs, Mew, Pale Waves and Harry Styles on this week's West Of The Fields podcast Culture Shock 5 Things To Do This Weekend, April 21-23: Earthly delights, and auditory deals 5 Things To Do This Weekend, April 21-23: Earthly delights, and auditory deals Opportunity Knocks Opportunity Knocks Leveraging State Resources for Small Businesses #HealthyRegion What to know about a new implant to treat addiction What to know about a new implant to treat addiction Company in the Dooryard An evening with the Norumbega Collective An evening with the Norumbega Collective Pollways How I just missed becoming a widow How I just missed becoming a widow Top Stories Former prosecutor ‘absolutely’ convinced of Sanborn’s guilt Free marijuana draws hundreds to downtown Portland Orland man killed in crash on Route 1A in Holden Alleged Ohio Street gunman has prison record in Connecticut Man sentenced for providing alcohol to teens before deadly car crash Similar Articles 10.8.2013 Pinning down the United Sports of America: Should biathlon be Maine’s state sport? 1.27.2013 Local sports results for Jan. 27, 2013 6.3.2013 Following the evidence: multiple agencies responsible for major crime investigations in Maine 4.6.2013 Medical examiner says state needs two more death investigators 10.19.2011 Bangor man arrested, accused of misusing 911 More in Bangor   Penobscot County buys condemned former Bangor YMCA   Former NFL standout to join UMaine Ring of Honor   Despite fears over Clifton wind farm, no one has complained since it went up   Orland man killed in crash on Route 1A in Holden   Alleged Ohio Street gunman has prison record in Connecticut Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Turbo Global Partners Acquires Walmart Supercenter Master Lease for Retail Postal Store Franchises of GP Brands, Inc. CARSON CITY, NV–(Marketwired – Apr 20, 2017) – Turbo Global Partners (TURBO), trading as „DIBZ” (OTC PINK: DIBZ), has announced it has acquired Turbo Retail Management, formerly Goin’ Postal Franchise Corporation (GPFC), holder of the Walmart Supercenter Master Lease for retail postal franchises in the Southeast U.S. that are franchises of GP Brands, Inc. GP Brands, Inc. is franchisor of 360 Goin’ Postal pack and ship retail franchise stores that are located throughout the United States as well as smaller franchise stores within Walmart Supercenters in the Southeast. „I am pleased to announce that TURBO closed the acquisition of Turbo Retail Management, formerly GPFC who holds the Master Lease for retail postal franchises that operate within Walmart Supercenters in the Southeast,” states Bob Singerman, Chairman & CEO of TURBO. Turbo Retail Management, Inc. is the sole Sub-Lessor for GP Brands, Inc. for their retail postal store franchises within Walmart Supercenters. Turbo Retail Management, Inc. will now operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary of TURBO. Marcus Price, President and Founder of GP Brands, praises the transaction, „It’s a great fit for all parties. GP Brands can now focus on the training, site prep and systems for franchisees with retail stores in Walmart Supercenters, while TURBO can deliver scalability for expansion and additional marketing, media and technology for this tremendous postal store business model.” Robert Singerman continues, „Our core focus as a diversified investment management company is partnering with companies that have long-term predictable cash flow anywhere in the world, and this transaction represents the ideal acquisition for our growing portfolio.” About TURBO GLOBAL PARTNERS, Inc. www.TurboGlobalPartners.com TURBO is a diversified investment management company that partners with companies that generate long-term predictable long-term cash flow anywhere in the world. About GP Brands, Inc. www.GPBrands.com GP Brands was formed in 2004 and currently is franchisor of 360 retail pack and ship retail postal stores in the U.S. as well as franchisor of retail postal stores that operate in Walmart Supercenters in the Southeast. Statements made in this press release that express the Company or management’s intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations or predictions of future events, are forward-looking statements. The words „believe,” „expect,” „intend,” „estimate,” „anticipate,” „will” and similar expressions are intended to further identify such forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Those statements are based on many assumptions and are subject to many known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the Company’s actual activities, results or performance to differ materially from those anticipated or projected in such forward-looking statements. The Company cannot guarantee future financial results; levels of activity, performance or achievements and investors should not place undue reliance on the Company’s forward-looking statements. No information contained in this press release should be construed as any indication whatsoever of the Company’s future financial performance, future revenues or its future stock price. The forward-looking statements contained herein represent the judgment of the Company as of the date of this press release, and the Company expressly disclaims any intent, obligation or undertaking to update or revise such forward-looking statements to reflect any change in the Company’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based. CategoriesUncategorized TagsOTC PINK:DIBZ, OTC:DIBZ, PINKSHEETS:DIBZ Post navigation Previous PostPrevious TELUS to bring next generation wireless technology and WiFi to Old Port of Montreal Next PostNext Trigon Metals Announces Positive Mineral Resource Update and Corporate Update Search Recent Posts Lantronix Expands Sales Partnerships in Asia Pacific Japan Region The First in World History End Times Degree Program Only Through Luder Wycliffe Theological Seminary ProteanDRIVE® In-Wheel Motors on show at Auto Shanghai 2017 Cambodia Radio Live 3.0 App Customized For iOS Paris’ Champs-Elysees Shooting – Travel Insurance Coverage Pending Terrorism Declaration, says Squaremouth Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Terra Tech Corp. (TRTC: OTCQX U.S.) | Terra Tech Corp. CEO, Derek Peterson, Discusses Recent News and Provides an Outlook for the Company in a New Audio Interview at SmallCapVoice.com Apr 20, 2017 OTC Disclosure & News Service – AUSTIN, Texas, April 20, 2017 (GLOBE NEWSWIRE) — SmallCapVoice.com, Inc. (SCV) and Terra Tech Corp. (OTC QX:TRTC) („Terra Tech”) or (the „Company”), a vertically integrated cannabis-focused agriculture company, announced today that a new audio interview with the Company is now available. The interview can be heard at http://smallcapvoice.com/blog/4-12-17-smallcapvoice-interview-with-terra-tech-corp-trtc. Derek Peterson, CEO of Terra Tech, called in to SmallCapVoice.com to go over the exciting news for Terra Tech Corp. Topics covered in the interview include the recent White House comments on the cannabis industry, market penetration in California, the overwhelming successes in Nevada, the steady growth for Edible Gardens and more. In the interview, regarding the current administration’s stance on cannabis, Peterson stated, “If we were having this conversation two years ago it wouldn’t be what it is today, but last November we had eight of the nine pieces of national legislation go through. That shows overwhelming support for an expanded regulatory environment for cannabis even in swing states. If there’s one thing this administration has built their platform around, it’s state’s rights.” Speaking about the Nevada markets, Peterson went on to say, “What we went after was eight permits thinking we would be thrilled to get two and we got all eight. Today, we have four operational retail dispensaries spread throughout the Las Vegas area as well as Reno. We are building two large scale cultivation and extraction facilities to meet the wholesale demand for the IVXX brand.” About Terra Tech Terra Tech Corp. (OTC QX:TRTC) operates through multiple subsidiary businesses including: Blüm, IVXX Inc., Edible Garden, MediFarm LLC and GrowOp Technology.  Blüm’s retail medical cannabis facilities focus on providing the highest quality medical cannabis to patients who are looking for alternative treatments for their chronic medical conditions. Blüm offers a broad selection of medical cannabis products including; flowers, concentrates and edibles through its Oakland, CA and multiple Nevada locations. IVXX, Inc. is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Terra Tech that produces medical cannabis-extracted products for regulated medical cannabis dispensaries throughout California. The Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary Edible Garden cultivates a premier brand of local and sustainably grown hydroponic produce, sold through major grocery stores such as ShopRite, Walmart, Winn-Dixie, Raley’s, Meijer, Kroger, and others throughout New Jersey, New York, Delaware, Maryland, Connecticut, Pennsylvania and the Midwest. Terra Tech’s MediFarm LLC subsidiaries are focused on medical cannabis cultivation and permitting businesses throughout Nevada. The Company’s wholly-owned subsidiary GrowOp Technology specializes in controlled environment agricultural technologies.  To be added to the Terra Tech email distribution list, please email TRTC@kcsa.com with TRTC in the subject line. For more information about Terra Tech Corp. visit: http://www.terratechcorp.com/  For more information about IVXX visit: http://ivxx.com/  For more information about Blüm Nevada visit: http://letsblum.com For more information about Blüm Oakland visit: http://blumoak.com/  Visit us on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/terratechcorp/timeline  Follow us on Twitter @terratechcorp  Follow us on Instagram @ivxxelevate420  For more information about Edible Garden visit: http://www.ediblegarden.com/  Visit Edible Garden on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/ediblefarms?fref=ts  Visit IVXX on Facebook @ https://www.facebook.com/ivxxbrand?fref=ts About SmallCapVoice.com SmallCapVoice.com is a recognized corporate investor relations firm, with clients nationwide, known for its ability to help emerging growth companies build a following among retail and institutional investors. SmallCapVoice.com utilizes its stock newsletter to feature its daily stock picks, audio interviews, as well as its clients’ financial news releases. SmallCapVoice.com also offers individual investors all the tools they need to make informed decisions about the stocks they are interested in. Tools like stock charts, stock alerts, and Company Information Sheets can assist with investing in stocks that are traded on the OTC BB and Pink Sheets. To learn more about SmallCapVoice.com and their services, please visit http://smallcapvoice.com/blog/the-small-cap-daily-small-cap-newsletter/ Cautionary Language Concerning Forward-Looking Statements Statements in this press release may be „forward-looking statements” within the meaning of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995. Words such as „anticipate”, „believe”, „estimate”, „expect”, „intend” and similar expressions, as they relate to the company or its management, identify forward-looking statements. These statements are based on current expectations, estimates and projections about the company’s business based, in part, on assumptions made by management. These statements are not guarantees of future performance and involve risks, uncertainties and assumptions that are difficult to predict. Therefore, actual outcomes and results may, and probably will, differ materially from what is expressed or forecasted in such forward-looking statements due to numerous factors, including those described above and those risks discussed from time to time in Terra Tech Corp.’s filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission. In addition, such statements could be affected by risks and uncertainties related to Terra Tech Corp.’s (i) product demand, market and customer acceptance of its equipment and other goods, (ii) ability to obtain financing to expand its operations, (iii) ability to attract qualified sales representatives, (iv) competition, pricing and development difficulties, (v) ability to integrate GrowOp Technology Ltd. into its operations as a reporting issuer with the Securities and Exchange Commission, and (vi) general industry and market conditions and growth rates and general economic conditions. Any forward-looking statements speak only as of the date on which they are made, and the company does not undertake any obligation to update any forward-looking statement to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this release. Information on Terra Tech Corp.’s website does not constitute a part of this release. 
Contact
Philip Carlson 
KCSA Strategic Communications
TRTC@kcsa.com   

Contact for SmallCapVoice.com 
Stuart T. Smith
SmallCapVoice.com
E-mail: ssmith@smallcapvoice.com
Website: www.smallcapvoice.com
 Copyright © 2017 GlobeNewswire. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsTerra Tech Corp. Post navigation Previous PostPrevious United States Ammonium Citrate Dibasic Market Capacity, Production, Revenue, Price and Gross Margin, Analysis & Forecast by 2022 Next PostNext NanaWall Introduces New Category of Sliding Glass Wall Systems with “cero” Search Recent Posts United States Hydrophilic Membrane Market Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts from 2017 – 2022 New Dilute Hydrochloric Acid Market Report Explores the Overview with Forecast To 2022 United States Hotel Furniture Market Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts from 2017 – 2022 Europe Mobile Phone Charging Station Market Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts from 2017 – 2022 2017 Global Aluminum Window Profile Industry Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Turbo Global Partners Acquires Walmart Supercenter Master Lease for Retail Postal Store Franchises of GP Brands, Inc. CARSON CITY, NV – (NewMediaWire) – April 20, 2017 – Turbo Global Partners (TURBO), trading as „DIBZ” (OTC PINK: DIBZ), has announced it has acquired Turbo Retail Management, formerly Goin’ Postal Franchise Corporation (GPFC), holder of the Walmart Supercenter Master Lease for retail postal franchises in the Southeast U.S. that are franchises of GP Brands, Inc.  GP Brands, Inc. is franchisor of 360 Goin’ Postal pack and ship retail franchise stores that are located throughout the United States as well as smaller franchise stores within Walmart Supercenters in the Southeast. „I am pleased to announce that TURBO closed the acquisition of Turbo Retail Management, formerly GPFC who holds the Master Lease for retail postal franchises that operate within Walmart Supercenters in the Southeast,” states Bob Singerman, Chairman & CEO of TURBO. Turbo Retail Management, Inc. is the sole Sub-Lessor for GP Brands, Inc. for their retail postal store franchises within Walmart Supercenters. Turbo Retail Management, Inc. will now operate as a wholly-owned subsidiary of TURBO. Marcus Price, President and Founder of GP Brands, praises the transaction, „It’s a great fit for all parties. GP Brands can now focus on the training, site prep and systems for franchisees with retail stores in Walmart Supercenters, while TURBO can deliver scalability for expansion and additional marketing, media and technology for this tremendous postal store business model.” Robert Singerman continues, „Our core focus as a diversified investment management company is partnering with companies that have long-term predictable cash flow anywhere in the world, and this transaction represents the ideal acquisition for our growing portfolio.” About TURBO GLOBAL PARTNERS, Inc. www.TurboGlobalPartners.com TURBO is a diversified investment management company that partners with companies that generate long-term predictable long-term cash flow anywhere in the world. About GP Brands, Inc. www.GPBrands.com GP Brands was formed in 2004 and currently is franchisor of 360 retail pack and ship retail postal stores in the U.S. as well as franchisor of retail postal stores that operate in Walmart Supercenters in the Southeast.  Statements made in this press release that express the Company or management’s intentions, plans, beliefs, expectations or predictions of future events, are forward-looking statements. The words „believe,” „expect,” „intend,” „estimate,” „anticipate,” „will” and similar expressions are intended to further identify such forward-looking statements, although not all forward-looking statements contain these identifying words. Those statements are based on many assumptions and are subject to many known and unknown risks, uncertainties and other factors that could cause the Company’s actual activities, results or performance to differ materially from those anticipated or projected in such forward-looking statements. The Company cannot guarantee future financial results; levels of activity, performance or achievements and investors should not place undue reliance on the Company’s forward-looking statements. No information contained in this press release should be construed as any indication whatsoever of the Company’s future financial performance, future revenues or its future stock price. The forward-looking statements contained herein represent the judgment of the Company as of the date of this press release, and the Company expressly disclaims any intent, obligation or undertaking to update or revise such forward-looking statements to reflect any change in the Company’s expectations with regard thereto or any change in events, conditions or circumstances on which any such statements are based. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SunGard Public Sector is Now Superion Next PostNext ICIS: Trump versus Xi abastece incerteza crescente em cadeias de suprimentos petroquímicos globais Search Recent Posts United States Hydrophilic Membrane Market Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts from 2017 – 2022 New Dilute Hydrochloric Acid Market Report Explores the Overview with Forecast To 2022 United States Hotel Furniture Market Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts from 2017 – 2022 Europe Mobile Phone Charging Station Market Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts from 2017 – 2022 2017 Global Aluminum Window Profile Industry Size, share, Trends, Segments, Estimates and Forecasts Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Feeding America Launches MealConnect(TM) Technology Platform to Help Reduce Food Waste and End Hunger CHICAGO, April 20, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- For Earth Day 2017, Feeding America® is announcing the launch of MealConnectTM, an innovative technology platform that makes food donation as simple as a click. The new and free platform was developed to help reduce food waste, benefit the environment and put more food on the tables of families and individuals facing hunger in America. Feeding America is already the largest food rescue and domestic hunger-relief organization, helping to provide food to 46 million people in need each year, and now with MealConnect is poised to play an even bigger role in reducing food waste. MealConnect helps to save food that previously might have gone to waste—such as a small load of meat from a local butcher or a box of tomatoes from a farmers market. The platform then directs that rescued food immediately to Feeding America food banks' food pantries and meal programs that serve people in need. MealConnect allows food businesses of all sizes, from local mom-and-pop restaurants to large chain grocery retailers, to post surplus food on the MealConnect platform. An algorithm determines the best-suited local pantry or food program to quickly pick up and distribute the donation. MealConnect is available to donors from any smartphone, tablet or computer to make an immediate impact in the communities where they operate. MealConnect is free for all users and all donations are tax-deductible. The technology leverages the Feeding America network of 200 food banks and 60,000 pantries and feeding programs across the country. In addition, Feeding America maintains stringent food-safety standards to ensure that all food distributed is safe for consumption. This new technology enhancement has been made possible with a $1 million grant from General Mills. This funding also will help support efforts to scale MealConnect to communities nationwide. "We are extremely grateful to General Mills for their incredible support of this major initiative. This donation is not only beneficial to our environment but also helps meet the needs of hardworking families throughout the country," Feeding America CEO Diana Aviv said. "For nearly 40 years, we've partnered with Feeding America to help rescue more food to help families facing hunger," said Shawn O'Grady, group president of Convenience & Foodservice, and senior vice president of Global Revenue Development at General Mills. "We are encouraged that the new MealConnect technology will help food retailers and foodservice operators nationwide donate food safely and efficiently." O'Grady has served on the Feeding America board of directors since 2013. Starbucks, which announced a partnership with Feeding America in 2016, will use MealConnect to help achieve its goal to rescue 100 percent of unsold food from its U.S. company-operated stores. "In 2016, we pledged to bring the excess food in our stores, that otherwise would have been thrown away, to families in need," said Jane Maly, Program Manager at Starbucks. "By using MealConnect, we're able to track our donations in real time, allowing for more streamlined reporting by store and food bank." Feeding America is the leading food recovery partner across the food industry, currently rescuing 2.8 billion pounds of good food from going to waste and providing it to families in need. New information from ReFED, a collaboration of business, nonprofit, foundation and government leaders committed to reducing food waste in the United States, indicates that 72 billion pounds of good, safe food is wasted every year in the U.S. MealConnect aims to close that gap to reduce food waste and end hunger. "Working with valued companies, including General Mills, Walmart and Starbucks, Feeding America has been able to distribute more than four billion pounds of food annually to people facing hunger," Aviv said. "Now, MealConnect will allow us to supplement these great national efforts with donations captured from regional and local donors who may not have a consistent donation stream." MealConnect was initially funded and designed with support from Google.org with additional funding from the Walmart Foundation. "Google.org strives to identify and support innovations that improve our world, and MealConnect's enhanced platform does just that. We are thrilled to support Feeding America and its network, which will allow MealConnect to scale across the country," said Andrew Dunckelman of Google.org. "Since 2005 Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have invested over $100 million in Feeding America," Karrie Denniston said. "We made the investment in MealConnect because we saw an opportunity to strengthen capacity for the organization and its network of food banks.  This platform is a prime example of how innovative technology is being used to improve food recovery and address hunger." By connecting more donors with the Feeding America network of food banks, food pantries and meal programs, MealConnect will prevent more food waste, benefit the environment and help end the hunger crisis for millions of people in America. For more information on MealConnect, visit MealConnect.org. About Feeding America Feeding America is the nationwide network of 200 food banks that leads the fight against hunger in the United States. Together, we provide food to more than 46 million people through 60,000 food pantries and meal programs in communities across America. Feeding America also supports programs that improve food security among the people we serve; educates the public about the problem of hunger; and advocates for legislation that protects people from going hungry. Individuals, charities, businesses and government all have a role in ending hunger. Donate. Volunteer. Advocate. Educate. Together we can solve hunger. Visit www.feedingamerica.org, find us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter. About General Mills General Mills is a leading global food company that serves the world by making food people love. Its brands include Cheerios, Annie's, Yoplait, Nature Valley, Fiber One, Haagen-Dazs, Betty Crocker, Pillsbury, Old El Paso, Wanchai Ferry, Yoki and more. Headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, General Mills had fiscal 2016 worldwide sales of US $17.6 billion, including the company's US $1.0 billion proportionate share of joint-venture net sales. For more information about General Mills, visit http://www.generalmills.com. Contact Ross Fraser                                                                Feeding America                                                        312.641.6422                          General Mills Media.Line@genmills.com 763.764.6364   SOURCE Feeding America CategoriesUncategorized TagsAgriculture, Joint Ventures, New Products/Services, Not For Profit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Electronic Scrap Recycling Market’s Future Defined by Rising Disposal of White Goods, to Surpass US$34.32 bn by 2022 Next PostNext Global Video Analytics Market Expected to Reach US$9.15 bn by 2023 Search Recent Posts Multi Cloud Management Market Size, Share, Analysis, Report and Forecast to 2022 Global Industrial Internet of Things (Iot) Gateway Market to Grow at a CAGR Of 14.71% During the Period 2017-2021 Intermountain Healthcare Hosts Annual Research Summit Refreshed Appliance Retail Strategy Highlights Big Weekend for Four California Sears Hometown Stores IMPORTANT SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Lundin Law PC Announces Securities Class Action Lawsuit against BioAmber Inc. and Reminds Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Feeding America Launches MealConnect™ Technology Platform to Help Reduce Food Waste and End Hunger CHICAGO, April 20, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — For Earth Day 2017, Feeding America® is announcing the launch of MealConnectTM, an innovative technology platform that makes food donation as simple as a click. The new and free platform was developed to help reduce food waste, benefit the environment and put more food on the tables of families and individuals facing hunger in America. Feeding America is already the largest food rescue and domestic hunger-relief organization, helping to provide food to 46 million people in need each year, and now with MealConnect is poised to play an even bigger role in reducing food waste. MealConnect helps to save food that previously might have gone to waste—such as a small load of meat from a local butcher or a box of tomatoes from a farmers market. The platform then directs that rescued food immediately to Feeding America food banks’ food pantries and meal programs that serve people in need. MealConnect allows food businesses of all sizes, from local mom-and-pop restaurants to large chain grocery retailers, to post surplus food on the MealConnect platform. An algorithm determines the best-suited local pantry or food program to quickly pick up and distribute the donation. Feeding America Logo. MealConnect is available to donors from any smartphone, tablet or computer to make an immediate impact in the communities where they operate. MealConnect is free for all users and all donations are tax-deductible. The technology leverages the Feeding America network of 200 food banks and 60,000 pantries and feeding programs across the country. In addition, Feeding America maintains stringent food-safety standards to ensure that all food distributed is safe for consumption. This new technology enhancement has been made possible with a $1 million grant from General Mills. This funding also will help support efforts to scale MealConnect to communities nationwide. „We are extremely grateful to General Mills for their incredible support of this major initiative. This donation is not only beneficial to our environment but also helps meet the needs of hardworking families throughout the country,” Feeding America CEO Diana Aviv said. „For nearly 40 years, we’ve partnered with Feeding America to help rescue more food to help families facing hunger,” said Shawn O’Grady, group president of Convenience & Foodservice, and senior vice president of Global Revenue Development at General Mills. „We are encouraged that the new MealConnect technology will help food retailers and foodservice operators nationwide donate food safely and efficiently.” O’Grady has served on the Feeding America board of directors since 2013. Starbucks, which announced a partnership with Feeding America in 2016, will use MealConnect to help achieve its goal to rescue 100 percent of unsold food from its U.S. company-operated stores. „In 2016, we pledged to bring the excess food in our stores, that otherwise would have been thrown away, to families in need,” said Jane Maly, Program Manager at Starbucks. „By using MealConnect, we’re able to track our donations in real time, allowing for more streamlined reporting by store and food bank.” Feeding America is the leading food recovery partner across the food industry, currently rescuing 2.8 billion pounds of good food from going to waste and providing it to families in need. New information from ReFED, a collaboration of business, nonprofit, foundation and government leaders committed to reducing food waste in the United States, indicates that 72 billion pounds of good, safe food is wasted every year in the U.S. MealConnect aims to close that gap to reduce food waste and end hunger. „Working with valued companies, including General Mills, Walmart and Starbucks, Feeding America has been able to distribute more than four billion pounds of food annually to people facing hunger,” Aviv said. „Now, MealConnect will allow us to supplement these great national efforts with donations captured from regional and local donors who may not have a consistent donation stream.” MealConnect was initially funded and designed with support from Google.org with additional funding from the Walmart Foundation. „Google.org strives to identify and support innovations that improve our world, and MealConnect’s enhanced platform does just that. We are thrilled to support Feeding America and its network, which will allow MealConnect to scale across the country,” said Andrew Dunckelman of Google.org. „Since 2005 Walmart and the Walmart Foundation have invested over $100 million in Feeding America,” Karrie Denniston said. „We made the investment in MealConnect because we saw an opportunity to strengthen capacity for the organization and its network of food banks.  This platform is a prime example of how innovative technology is being used to improve food recovery and address hunger.” By connecting more donors with the Feeding America network of food banks, food pantries and meal programs, MealConnect will prevent more food waste, benefit the environment and help end the hunger crisis for millions of people in America. For more information on MealConnect, visit MealConnect.org. About Feeding America Feeding America is the nationwide network of 200 food banks that leads the fight against hunger in the United States. Together, we provide food to more than 46 million people through 60,000 food pantries and meal programs in communities across America. Feeding America also supports programs that improve food security among the people we serve; educates the public about the problem of hunger; and advocates for legislation that protects people from going hungry. Individuals, charities, businesses and government all have a role in ending hunger. Donate. Volunteer. Advocate. Educate. Together we can solve hunger. Visit www.feedingamerica.org, find us on Facebook or follow us on Twitter. About General Mills General Mills is a leading global food company that serves the world by making food people love. Its brands include Cheerios, Annie’s, Yoplait, Nature Valley, Fiber One, Haagen-Dazs, Betty Crocker, Pillsbury, Old El Paso, Wanchai Ferry, Yoki and more. Headquartered in Minneapolis, Minnesota, USA, General Mills had fiscal 2016 worldwide sales of US $17.6 billion, including the company’s US $1.0 billion proportionate share of joint-venture net sales. For more information about General Mills, visit http://www.generalmills.com. Contact Ross Fraser                                                                Feeding America                                                        312.641.6422                          General Mills Media.Line@genmills.com 763.764.6364   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/feeding-america-launches-mealconnect-technology-platform-to-help-reduce-food-waste-and-end-hunger-300442661.html SOURCE Feeding America Related Links http://www.feedingamerica.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsJoint Ventures, New Products & Services, Not For Profit Post navigation Previous PostPrevious MySize Inc. Issues Corrective Press Release Next PostNext Nanotechnology Drug Delivery Market to reach US$ 11.9 Billion in 2023 Search Recent Posts New Living Expo Continues to Take Chances Patient facilities, student learning both enhanced with renovation of animal hospital at Cummings Veterinary Medical Center at Tufts University Scientists to March Against Trump’s Alternative Facts, Climate Denial VIDEO: Results of Annual Count of Homeless Announced Monster Energy Motocross Rider Attempts to Break Guinness World Record Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 20 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Life Clips, Inc. Signs Five-Year Sales and Marketing Contract with Textiss USA AVENTURA, FLORIDA–(Marketwired – April 20, 2017) – Life Clips, Inc. (OTCQB:LCLP) (the „Company”) a designer and seller of mobile accessories, and provider of global sourcing and sales and marketing services, announced today that it has entered into a five-year contract to provide global sales and marketing to Textiss USA (Textiss) for its Crazyboxer line. Textiss is a global leader in the textile and garment industry with a specialization in the design, production, and distribution of underwear. With worldwide distribution in over 26 countries, a catalog encompassing 15 brands, and nearly 30 underwear licenses including such renowned brands as Marvel, Star Wars, Transformers, The Simpsons, DC Comics and many more. Over the five-year contract, the Company will provide worldwide multi-channel retail sales and marketing to Textiss for the following accounts: Costco, HSN, Sam’s Club, Wal-Mart, Target, Nordstrom’s Rack, Amazon.com, Walmart.com, Jet.com, Boxed.com, Costco.com, Samsclub.com, Target.com, Zappos.com and Nordstrom.com. Travis Hoyt, Director of Operations for Textiss USA, said „We are very excited to be working with the team at Life Clips to help grow our brand’s e-commerce distribution as well as to broaden our retail footprint across America. Life Clips, through their vast contact network and extensive knowledge of the retail environment, have a proven track record of maximizing brands’ retail potential.” Mr. Hoyt continued, „The Crazyboxer line is on the cutting edge of the novelty sublimated underwear market and with the support and guidance of the Life Clips sales professionals the brand will have even more momentum going into the future.” Huey Long, CEO of Life Clips, said „We are happy to be working with Textiss leveraging our team’s years of experience in multi-channel sales and marketing as part of our new services offering. The Crazy Boxer brand is unique and exciting and we look forward to many years of success.” Life Clips and Textiss will have the option to extend the initial five-year term for additional periods of one-year each at the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term. Safe Harbor Statement In addition to statements of current and historical fact, this Press Release contains forward-looking statements. The words „forecast,” „will,” „intend,” „anticipate,” „project,” „intend,” „expect,” „should,” „believe” and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this Press Release, we caution you that these statements are based on a combination of facts and factors currently known by Life Clips and its projections of the future, about which it cannot be certain. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, including those discussed in „Risk Factors” and „Management’s Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations” in Life Clips’ annual report on Form 10-Q and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the „SEC”), as well as matters discussed in Life Clips’ financial statements and related notes and other filings with the SEC, which may cause its actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly, all forward-looking statements should be evaluated with an understanding of their inherent uncertainty. Except as required by law, Life Clips assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. All distribution agreements call for minimum quarterly quotas. There is a risk that the distributor will not meet these quarterly quotas. In the event the quotas are not met the agreements are in breech which could void the agreement. Therefore the dollar volumes may not be attained. CategoriesUncategorized TagsOTCQB:LCLP Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Revolution Lighting Technologies Opens New Facility in Simi Valley, California to Support Production of BAA/TAA Compliant LED Tubes Next PostNext New Report of Hemostatic Forceps Market Share, Growth by Top Company, Region, Application, Driver, Trends & Forecasts by 2021 Search Recent Posts Společnost Hyundai Mobis zahajuje lokální produkci hlavních automobilových komponent (světlometů) v Evropě Gramercy Property Trust Announces Pricing of Public Offering of 9,000,000 Common Shares Student dancers connect to four make that five elements Purdue graduates startup launches product to help increase children’s physical activity MEDIA ADVISORY: SWISS RE TO HOST WEBINAR ON GLOBAL NATURAL CATASTROPHES AND EFFECTS ON THE INSURANCE INDUSTRY Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to Main Content Site Map Marketwired Français Media Partners About Us Blog Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Search Site News Products Marketwired Resonate Marketwired Influencers News Distribution IR/PR Newsroom (Impress) Media Database (Mediahub) Powered by Sysomos Request a Demo Solutions Public Relations Investor Relations Small Business Newsroom All News Headlines Only Advanced Search RSS Newsfeeds Hot Off the Wire Personal Beat CASL Compliance Resources Brochures Case Studies E-Books / Tip Sheets Webinars / Videos Contact Us Our Locations Become a Media Partner Become a Channel Partner Request More Information Request a Demo Sign In Where would you like to sign in? My Marketwired Account Personal Beat Marketwired Resonate Hot Off the Wire News Dashboard 2.0 Mediahub Register for a Marketwired Account News Room Print Friendly Share Life Clips, Inc. OTCQB : LCLP April 20, 2017 07:30 ET Life Clips, Inc. Signs Five-Year Sales and Marketing Contract with Textiss USA AVENTURA, FLORIDA--(Marketwired - April 20, 2017) - Life Clips, Inc. (OTCQB:LCLP) (the "Company") a designer and seller of mobile accessories, and provider of global sourcing and sales and marketing services, announced today that it has entered into a five-year contract to provide global sales and marketing to Textiss USA (Textiss) for its Crazyboxer line. Textiss is a global leader in the textile and garment industry with a specialization in the design, production, and distribution of underwear. With worldwide distribution in over 26 countries, a catalog encompassing 15 brands, and nearly 30 underwear licenses including such renowned brands as Marvel, Star Wars, Transformers, The Simpsons, DC Comics and many more. Over the five-year contract, the Company will provide worldwide multi-channel retail sales and marketing to Textiss for the following accounts: Costco, HSN, Sam's Club, Wal-Mart, Target, Nordstrom's Rack, Amazon.com, Walmart.com, Jet.com, Boxed.com, Costco.com, Samsclub.com, Target.com, Zappos.com and Nordstrom.com. Travis Hoyt, Director of Operations for Textiss USA, said "We are very excited to be working with the team at Life Clips to help grow our brand's e-commerce distribution as well as to broaden our retail footprint across America. Life Clips, through their vast contact network and extensive knowledge of the retail environment, have a proven track record of maximizing brands' retail potential." Mr. Hoyt continued, "The Crazyboxer line is on the cutting edge of the novelty sublimated underwear market and with the support and guidance of the Life Clips sales professionals the brand will have even more momentum going into the future." Huey Long, CEO of Life Clips, said "We are happy to be working with Textiss leveraging our team's years of experience in multi-channel sales and marketing as part of our new services offering. The Crazy Boxer brand is unique and exciting and we look forward to many years of success." Life Clips and Textiss will have the option to extend the initial five-year term for additional periods of one-year each at the end of the Initial Term or any Renewal Term. Safe Harbor Statement In addition to statements of current and historical fact, this Press Release contains forward-looking statements. The words "forecast," "will," "intend," "anticipate," "project," "intend," "expect," "should," "believe" and similar expressions are intended to identify forward-looking statements. Although we believe that we have a reasonable basis for each forward-looking statement contained in this Press Release, we caution you that these statements are based on a combination of facts and factors currently known by Life Clips and its projections of the future, about which it cannot be certain. These forward-looking statements involve known and unknown risks, uncertainties, assumptions and other factors, including those discussed in "Risk Factors" and "Management's Discussion and Analysis of Financial Condition and Results of Operations" in Life Clips' annual report on Form 10-Q and quarterly reports on Form 10-Q filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission (the "SEC"), as well as matters discussed in Life Clips' financial statements and related notes and other filings with the SEC, which may cause its actual results, performance or achievements to be materially different from any future results, performance or achievements expressed or implied by such forward-looking statements. Accordingly, all forward-looking statements should be evaluated with an understanding of their inherent uncertainty. Except as required by law, Life Clips assumes no obligation to publicly update or revise these forward-looking statements for any reason, or to update the reasons actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in these forward-looking statements, even if new information becomes available in the future. All distribution agreements call for minimum quarterly quotas. There is a risk that the distributor will not meet these quarterly quotas. In the event the quotas are not met the agreements are in breech which could void the agreement. Therefore the dollar volumes may not be attained. Contact Information For Business, Marketing and Sales Huey Long Chief Executive Officer info@lifeclips.com Life Clips Investor Relations David Kugelman Atlanta Capital Partners, LLC (404) 856-9157 (866) 692-6847 Toll Free - U.S. And Canada dk@atlcp.com Print Friendly Share News Room   View Related News About this company Life Clips, Inc. From this industry Telecom From this sub-industry Telecommunication Equipment Telecommunication Services Wireless/Mobile See all RSS Newsfeeds     About Marketwired   Marketwired News   Community Builders Privacy Site Map Accessibility Products   Marketwired Resonate   Marketwired Influencers   News Distribution   IR/PR Newsroom (Impress)   Media Database (Mediahub) Resources   Brochures   Case Studies   E-Books / Tip Sheets   Webinars / Videos Newsroom   All News   Headlines Only   Advanced Search   RSS Newsfeeds   Hot Off the Wire   Personal Beat   CASL Compliance Connect With Us Facebook Twitter YouTube LinkedIn Google+ MARKETWIRED IS NOW PART OF NASDAQ Copyright ©2016 Nasdaq, Inc. All rights reserved. Legal You are using an outdated browser For a better experience using this site, please upgrade to a modern web browser.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Columns posted: 4/20/2017 6:00 AM Lisle man works to improve life in Navajo Nation Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close All missions assist local people in building projects for the poor. No special construction skills are necessary, just willing hands. Courtesy of James Hoch Photography Between 14 and 25 volunteers typically take part in the Joliet Diocese's annual mission trip to the Navajo Nation. Richard Weigel of Lisle, third from left, is a regular. Courtesy of James Hoch Photography Lisle resident Richard Weigel helps erect a flag on the grave of a veteran at Lukachakai Cemetery within Navajo Nation. Courtesy of James Hoch Photography Richard Weigel of Lisle chose to do construction on the mission trip as a way to volunteer in retirement. Courtesy of James Hoch Photography Richard Weigel and mission participants visit the Canyon de Chelly National Monument near Navajo Nation. The canyon is two miles from the volunteers' base parish, Our Lady of Fatima in Chinle, Arizona, where the volunteers attend daily Mass. Courtesy of James Hoch Photography   Joan Broz     When Lisle resident Richard Weigel retired, he found meaningful opportunities doing mission work among the poorest of the poor in the Navajo Nation. Within the largest reservation in the United States -- in the Northeast corner of Arizona and extending into New Mexico, Utah and Colorado -- Weigel met a Navajo family where eight people in four generations lived together in a 30-foot-by-30-foot house. "We volunteered to put on an addition that doubled the size of their house," Weigel said. "We do a lot of projects that take two weeks to complete." Weigel volunteers as part of the Roman Catholic Diocese of Joliet mission work. He selected to stay in the United States and do construction type work. Other volunteers might choose to be part of diocese medical and outreach missions in Sucre, Bolivia, and Borongan, Philippines. Also, volunteers are available to respond to natural disaster relief within the United States. The construction work might include repairing and painting structures, adding porches, rebuilding fences, replacing roofs, hanging drywall, installing insulation, fixing swamp coolers, repairing electrical and septic systems, or helping at the food pantry. A volunteer does not need to know construction or rehab work, but must be willing to learn and follow directions. The volunteer time line begins early in the year with two orientation meetings and a church service for an official group send off. This year, the two-week mission will take place in June. The group's size varies from 14 to 25 people ages 18 to 82 who travel together by air to Albuquerque, New Mexico. The group's tool bags and materials go by truck. "They order the materials or we seek donations for the projects," Weigel said. Each volunteer pays his or her own travel and food expenses. Those unable to finance their trip are encouraged to seek donations or ask their parish for help, if possible. "After we arrive, we rent cars and drive two hours to Gallup, (New Mexico), and the only Wal-Mart store in the area," Weigel said. "There, we load up enough food for two weeks. We do our own cooking and cleanup. There is a shortage of water, so we fill big, five-gallon containers at a local grocery store." Weigel estimates that about 40 percent of the group is new each time. Each participant brings different skills. In the six years he has participated, Weigel has learned a lot about building, framing a house, putting on a roof, and adding windows. Weigel also has learned a lot about the human spirit, the Navajo people and the dessert. He calls mission work a spiritual experience. "People ask me, 'Why you don't just give money?'" Weigel said. "Well, there are two reasons. One, you let people know they are not forgotten, and, two is, the more you give, the more you receive." Each day begins with Mass at the local parish, Our Lady of Fatima, and concludes with group dinner and time to come together for reflection. "The reservation is 27,000 square miles with about 300,000 people living there in Third-World conditions," Weigel said. "Farms were agricultural, but they get only three inches of rain a year, so crops are sparse. Farming is basically just for your own use, and they do sheep herding." Weigel says he felt honored to meet one of the Navajo code talkers who played a critical function in World War II. The Navajo language is not based on an alphabet and was used during the war to create a secret code the enemy couldn't break. Hundreds of young, courageous Navajo men were selected to create and translate coded messages and to be on the front line to overcome the enemy. They were brave Americans who served our country. Weigel sees a great need for jobs in the area so young people will not be forced to leave to find work. He hopes future businesses and industries will see the benefit of locating in the southwest. Bruce Carlson, diocese mission coordinator, said the goal of all diocese partnership mission work is to serve the poorest of the poor in each location. Volunteers interested in working on a mission or donating to the cause should call (815) 221-6251, email missions@dioceseofjoliet.org or write to Partnership in Mission at the Archdiocese of Joliet Blanchette Catholic Center, 16555 Weber Road, Crest Hill, 60403. The opportunities are open to anyone who wants to be part of a mission. "People who come on a mission get to experience poverty in a real way," Carlson said. "In many cases, long-term friendships occur and continue far beyond the mission." • Joan Broz writes about Lisle. Her column appears monthly in Neighbor. Tweet This article filed under: News Lisle Broz, Joan Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev ISIS claims attack on Paris police along Champs-Elysees Minn. serial rapist testifies about violent history and fantasies Minn. Senate votes to block cities from setting minimum wage, sick leave Justice Department considering charges against WikiLeaks members Six mumps cases confirmed at University of Minnesota Prince's hometown struggles with loss still felt a year after his death Vikings' 2017 schedule littered with potholes, but has soft spots, too New brewery to open on Lake Minnetonka Minnesota Muslim teen wins fight to box wearing a hijab 'Aggravating' series ends with Twins swept by Cleveland Innovation chief departs Target as projects are dismantled next South Metro 419940593 Authorities ask for help in finding pair of runaway New Prague teens Communication suggests they may be driving to Texas  By Tim Harlow Star Tribune April 20, 2017 — 5:06pm Text size share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint The Scott County Sheriff’s Office is asking for the public’s help in finding two runaway teenagers from the New Prague area who have not been seen since Saturday. Hailey Ann Delbow, 16, and Terry Dewayne Cook, 17, were last seen just before 11 a.m. at a Wal-Mart in Shakopee. It is believed the teens were driving a silver 2007 Volkswagen Jetta with Minnesota license plate 678 DXW. The initial investigation indicates that the teens, who are runaways, may be headed to Austin, Texas, said Scott County Sheriff Luke Hennen. “There’s little chance that they fully understand the risks and dangers of their actions,” Hennen said. “If they need help for any reason, help can be provided, no questions asked. But our first priority is making sure these juveniles return home safely, and we’re asking the public’s help in ensuring that happens.” Delbow is 5 foot 4 inches and weighs about 145 pounds. Cook is 5 foot 8 inches and weighs 110 pounds. Anybody with information is asked to go to the Scott County Sheriff’s Office Facebook page and click on “Submit A Tip.” Anonymous tips can also be sent by texting SCSOTIPS and information to 847411 or by leaving a message at 952-496-8755.   harlow@startribune.com 612-673-7768 timstrib More from Star Tribune Innovation chief departs Target as projects are dismantled Vikings' 2017 schedule littered with potholes, but has soft spots, too Minn. Senate votes to block cities from setting minimum wage, sick leave Minnesota police dept. wins Twitter again with hilarious 4/20 tweet Wash. Post reporter who insulted Red Lake Falls now making his home there Austrian teen alerts police about possible school attack We urgently need the Legislature, governor to pass Real ID Patty Wetterling says son's killer made horrible choices One couple's three-year journey to adopt a neglected child 5-year-old girl reported missing found dead; man under arrest More From Local Music 12:40am Prince fans to mark anniversary of music superstar's death For Prince fans, the one-year anniversary of his shocking death from an accidental drug overdose will be a time for sadness and celebration. State + Local 12:15am Minn. serial rapist testifies about violent history and fantasies In tearful testimony, Thomas Duvall describes his violent past and pleaded to be released. Prince April 20 Paisley Park's Prince party kicks off with live music and inside stories About 2,000 ardent fans attended the $500-to-$1,000-per-ticket affair. St. Paul April 20 Community tells St. Paul police, leaders that it wants change Police shootings must be prevented, community members tell officials. Super Bowl LII April 20 Minneapolis will be reimbursed almost $5 million for Super Bowl services, public safety, facilities Police services, at $3.1 million, are the biggest expense in the proposed contract. Top Stories ISIS claims attack on Paris police along Champs-Elysees Apr. 20 Minn. serial rapist testifies about violent history and fantasies 12:15am Minn. Senate votes to block cities from setting minimum wage, sick leave Apr. 20 Most Read Aug. 8: Ash borer treatments costing less, working better • South Metro First garbage-to-ethanol plant in U.S. proposed for Inver Grove Heights • South Metro Prior Lake technology village ramped up • South Metro New enforcement push sends Twin Cities immigrants into shadows • South Metro Brothers charged in Rosemount stabbing • South Metro World ISIS claims attack on Paris police along Champs-Elysees GM quits Venezuela after government seizes its factory Nation Arkansas overcomes legal hurdles, carries out execution Berkeley reverses decision to cancel speech by conservative pundit Coulter Politics White House pushes uncertain bid to revive health care bill Minn. Senate votes to block cities from setting minimum wage, sick leave markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Wild's Charlie Coyle steps up his game in playoffs Boudreau seeks peak effort for Game 5 against Blues Twins 'Aggravating' series ends with Twins swept by Cleveland Scoggins: Molitor endures a difficult day at the office Vikings Vikings' playoff aspirations begin (Saints) and end (Bears) at home Vikings' 2017 schedule littered with potholes, but has soft spots, too Celebrities Singer Cuba Gooding Sr. found dead in car in Los Angeles President Trump welcomes Sarah Palin to White House Super Bowl LII Super Bowl hosts share the wealth statewide Minneapolis will be reimbursed almost $5 million for Super Bowl services, public safety, facilities poll Poll: If you could have season tickets for one Minnesota pro team, w... 10,000 Takes Minneapolis caterer recalls four unforgettable, regrettable '80s proms How I learned to stop worrying and start loving leggings Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Study uses epidural stimulation to aid people with spinal cord injur... 02:17 The Mayo Clinic is conducting a study using epidural stimulation on spinal ... Taste Granola, yogurt and kombucha? Hippies were right about food Brighten meals with lemony sorrel StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Scott County Sheriff's Office Seeking Help In Locating Two Missi - KEYC Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Your Photos Hometown Business Connection Thrive: Eat, Move, Sleep Featured Links KEYC News 12 Good People Awards Golden Apple Pick of the Litter KEYC News 12 Weather Map Room School Closings Sign-Up School Closings Minnesota Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions Minnesota Sports Headlines Sports Extra Iowa Sports Headlines Prep Athlete of the Week Pick of the Litter Golden Apple Veterans Notes Thrive: Eat, Move, Sleep Community Calendar Hometown Business Connection Smiles Beyond the Aisles Toys for Tots Watch CBS Online Watch FOX Online Mr. Food Bandwagon Staff Bios Advertise With Us Studio 12 Employment Opportunities FAQ EEO Reports Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Scott County Sheriff's Office Seeking Help In Locating Two Missing Teens Posted: Thursday, April 20, 2017 6:22 AM EDT Updated: Thursday, April 20, 2017 2:34 PM EDT By Kelsey Barchenger Email Connect tvhering@keyc.com The Scott County Sheriff’s Office is seeking help in locating two missing teens from the New Prague area. Authorities say 16-year-old Hailey Ann Delbow and 17-year-old Terry Cook were last seen leaving the Shakopee Walmart together around 11 a.m. April 15. Police say there is reason to believe the two may be interested in traveling to Austin, Texas. Delbow is 5'8 and 145 pounds. Cook is 5'8 and 110 pounds. They were last seen driving a silver 2007 Volkswagen Jetta with Minnesota license plate 678DXW. If seen, call 9-1-1. You can also submit a tip on the Scott County Facebook page. If you’d like your tip to remain anonymous you can text SCSCOTIPS and your tip to 847411.  Thrive: Eat, Move, SleepMore>> THRIVE: Maintaining Sleep Schedule THRIVE: Maintaining Sleep Schedule Updated: Thursday, April 20 2017 9:35 PM EDT2017-04-21 01:35:10 GMT Maintaining steady sleep schedule with ways to fall asleep without using medication. Maintaining steady sleep schedule with ways to fall asleep without using medication. THRIVE:Colonoscopy Screenings THRIVE:Colonoscopy Screenings Updated: Tuesday, April 18 2017 6:34 PM EDT2017-04-18 22:34:13 GMT Colonoscopies are performed on patients to check for any abnormal growths inside the colon.    Colonoscopies are performed on patients to check for any abnormal growths inside the colon.    THRIVE: Prostate Cancer Screenings THRIVE: Prostate Cancer Screenings Updated: Thursday, April 6 2017 6:38 PM EDT2017-04-06 22:38:46 GMT  The men's health forum coming up on April 11 brings health awareness to men.. Focusing in on prostate cancer at this year's event.   The men's health forum coming up on April 11 brings health awareness to men.. Focusing in on prostate cancer at this year's event.  THRIVE: Upcoming 2017 Men's Health Forum Focuses On Prostate Cancer THRIVE: Upcoming 2017 Men's Health Forum Focuses On Prostate Cancer Updated: Tuesday, April 4 2017 6:38 PM EDT2017-04-04 22:38:22 GMT The men's health forum is designed to reach an audience that doesn't necessarily pay as close attention to their health.   The men's health forum is designed to reach an audience that doesn't necessarily pay as close attention to their health.   THRIVE: Nutrition Importance When Working Out Updated: Tuesday, March 28 2017 11:42 PM EDT2017-03-29 03:42:53 GMT Often times the importance of nutrition for fueling the body when exercising can be overlooked. Often times the importance of nutrition for fueling the body when exercising can be overlooked. THRIVE: Treating Trauma With Brain Spotting THRIVE: Treating Trauma With Brain Spotting Updated: Thursday, March 23 2017 6:38 PM EDT2017-03-23 22:38:33 GMT Three different ingredients make something traumatic to an individual.   Three different ingredients make something traumatic to an individual.   THRIVE: Cancer Risks From Tanning Beds THRIVE: Cancer Risks From Tanning Beds Updated: Tuesday, March 21 2017 6:38 PM EDT2017-03-21 22:38:05 GMT  "Recently saw a statistic that tanning beds cause more than 400 thousand skin cancers in the us a year. Here in the clinic we see skin cancer every day," Mankato Clinic Dermatologist, Dr. Paul Bandelin said.    "Recently saw a statistic that tanning beds cause more than 400 thousand skin cancers in the us a year. Here in the clinic we see skin cancer every day," Mankato Clinic Dermatologist, Dr. Paul Bandelin said.   THRIVE: SMILES Program Works Toward Reaching Goals THRIVE: SMILES Program Works Toward Reaching Goals Updated: Monday, March 20 2017 12:13 AM EDT2017-03-20 04:13:25 GMT SMILES is a center for independent living serving people with disabilities in the community.. And after coming across the Mankato Clinic's THRIVE campaign.. one SMILES counselor was inspired to use eat, move sleep into a program if their own.  SMILES is a center for independent living serving people with disabilities in the community.. And after coming across the Mankato Clinic's THRIVE campaign.. one SMILES counselor was inspired to use eat, move sleep into a program if their own.  Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> $5000 In Jewelry, Handguns Stolen From Windom Home $5000 In Jewelry, Handguns Stolen From Windom Home Updated: Thursday, April 20 2017 9:32 PM EDT2017-04-21 01:32:01 GMT The Windom Police Department is looking for more information in connection with a burglary.   The Windom Police Department is looking for more information in connection with a burglary.   Scott County Sheriff's Office Seeking Help In Locating Two Missing Teens Scott County Sheriff's Office Seeking Help In Locating Two Missing Teens Updated: Thursday, April 20 2017 2:34 PM EDT2017-04-20 18:34:21 GMT The Scott County Sheriff’s Office is seeking help in locating two missing teens from the New Prague area.  The Scott County Sheriff’s Office is seeking help in locating two missing teens from the New Prague area.  Parent Catches Motorists Passing School Bus Parent Catches Motorists Passing School Bus Updated: Thursday, April 20 2017 7:55 PM EDT2017-04-20 23:55:17 GMT Outside a rural Eagle Lake daycare parents are seeing a disturbing trend...motorists refusing to stop when school buses are unloading children. Outside a rural Eagle Lake daycare parents are seeing a disturbing trend...motorists refusing to stop when school buses are unloading children. Elmore Man Starts Journey With Chicago Style Hot Dogs Elmore Man Starts Journey With Chicago Style Hot Dogs Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 8:01 PM EDT2017-04-20 00:01:48 GMT If you're ever driving on 169, you may have noticed a bright orange food truck. If you're ever driving on 169, you may have noticed a bright orange food truck. Man Injured In Tractor, Car Crash Near Lamberton Man Injured In Tractor, Car Crash Near Lamberton Updated: Wednesday, April 19 2017 10:36 PM EDT2017-04-20 02:36:42 GMT A 65-year-old Springfield man is injured after rolling his tractor after a crash with a car. According to the State Patrol, 84-year-old Allen Wetenkemp of Lamberton was eastbound on Highway 14 near Lamberton. He was turning to go north on County Road 17. That’s when he was struck by a tractor driven by 65-year-old Kelvin Bast of Springfield. The tractor rolled into the ditch. Bast non non-life threatening injuries. Wetenkemp had none. The Redwood County Sheriff’s Off... A 65-year-old Springfield man is injured after rolling his tractor after a crash with a car. According to the State Patrol, 84-year-old Allen Wetenkemp of Lamberton was eastbound on Highway 14 near Lamberton. He was turning to go north on County Road 17. That’s when he was struck by a tractor driven by 65-year-old Kelvin Bast of Springfield. The tractor rolled into the ditch. Bast non non-life threatening injuries. Wetenkemp had none. The Redwood County Sheriff’s Off...    Home KEYC News 12 CBS News News Tips/Photos Ag News Money Talks Stock Markets Weather School Closings Minnesota Road Conditions Iowa Road Conditions Sports Local Sports Sports Extra Prep Athlete of the Week AP Sports Video Connect RSS Headlines Employment Facebook Twitter Email Sign-Up Feedback Submit a Story On Air News Staff Bios Program Schedule Sales Public File Online All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015, WorldNow and KEYC. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Prevention, not restriction will reduce abortion in Iowa Hlas: Jane Meyer vs. University of Iowa trial very trying for all Iowa State’s Lindell Wigginton aims to be ‘one of the best freshmen in college basketball’ Former Prairie prep on world soccer stage Iowa House vote propels Branstad wish for water quality plan Drake Relays qualifiers (unofficial) Hlas: Jane Meyer vs. University of Iowa trial very trying for all Iowa House vote propels Branstad wish for water quality plan Kernels fall to Kane County in 9th, though Jermaine Palacios continues torrid hitting Depth lifts West boys to Forwald-Coleman title Mexico says TPP might still be implemented without U.S. Video Photo A shopper pushes a cart outside a Walmart store in Monterrey, Mexico March 6, 2017. REUTERS/Daniel Becerril By Sharay Angulo, Reuters Apr 18, 2017 at 5:34 pm | Print View MEXICO CITY — The sweeping trade deal for the Pacific region known as the TPP might still be implemented by making adjustments to its text even though the United States has withdrawn, Mexico’s Economy Minister Ildefonso Guajardo said on Tuesday. The Trans-Pacific Partnership, which had been promoted by former U.S. President Barack Obama and Japan as a way to counter China’s influence in a fast-growing region, was written in a way to prevent implementation without the United States. But if Japan leads the way, that clause could be stripped out without “any problem,” and Mexico and other members could evaluate the pros and cons of pushing forward with the TPP without the United States, Guajardo said at an event. “A TPP 11 instead of 12,” he said in reference to the remaining signatories to the deal since U.S. President Donald Trump withdrew the United States after taking office in January. “But we’d have to see if nations such as Vietnam would put the same things on the table without the United States,” he added. Following the United States’ departure, Australia, Brunei, Canada, Chile, Japan, Malaysia, Mexico, New Zealand, Peru, Singapore and Vietnam are still signed up to TPP, though most must have put off ratifying it. TPP signatories are expected to delve deeper into trade at the Asia-Pacific Economic Cooperation summit that Vietnam is hosting this year. Ministers start meetings in May and heads of state will gather in November. Several alternatives to TPP have been floated since Trump was elected in November, from inviting China to join the pact to doubling down on efforts to forge bilateral trade deals. Mexico is looking to diversify its trading options to counter the threat of Trump ditching the North American Free Trade Agreement (NAFTA), which underpins the vast bulk of its commerce and binds it with the United States and Canada. Guajardo said that Trump’s recently signed “Buy American and Hire American” executive order that aims to boost purchases of American products in federal contracts might violate NAFTA by giving U.S. industries a new advantage, but he said it was still not clear how it would play out. Trump said Tuesday that he plans to make some “very big changes” to NAFTA or else get rid of it. Guajardo also said that the exchange rate was moving toward a more sustainable level after what he described as an overreaction by the market. (Reporting By Sharay Angulo, Writing By Mitra Taj; Editing by Cynthia Osterman) Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Nation & World articles Former Tennessee teacher in kidnapping c ... Former Tennessee teacher in kidnapping c ... Trump tax plan to rely on future U.S. gr ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
null
