Home News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Weekly News Quiz Headlines Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Work for Us KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media 57° F Clear Hi: 70° F Lo: 46° F 7 Day Forecast Weather Radar Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Weekly News Quiz Headlines Featured: Where We Live Latest Headlines Indian tycoon Vijay Mallya guilty of disobeying top court Updated: 17 mins ago NEW DELHI (AP) — India’s top court has found wanted tycoon Vijay Mallya guilty of disobeying its order barring him from transferring $40 mil… Man who pretended to be Army vet sentenced to 14 years Updated: 27 mins ago NEW YORK (AP) — A man who posed as a U.S. Army veteran and claimed to have two doctorates from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology has… 2 people injured in separate Old Town stabbings Updated: 36 mins ago Cambodian UN peacekeeper killed in Central African Republic Updated: 37 mins ago Afghan official: Bomb at religious school kills chief cleric Updated: 37 mins ago Weather Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Current Conditions 57° F Clear Feels Like: 57° F Wind: NW 6 Humidity: 55% Dewpoint: 41° F Sunrise: 5:47 AM Sunset: 8:27 PM Portland Weather Forecast Radar Satellite Currents 7 Day Sponsored by: Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Work for Us KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media Search for: Search the site 57° F Clear Hi: 70° F Lo: 46° F Good Samaritan’s warning helps deputy thwart attack Suspect Justin Godsy, 27, taken to hospital for mental health evaluation KOIN 6 News Staff Published: May 8, 2017, 9:31 pm Updated: May 8, 2017, 9:45 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Justin Godsy, 24, in a February 2017 mugshot. (MCSO) HAPPY VALLEY, Ore. (KOIN) — A sheriff’s deputy who responded to reports of a theft in a Walmart parking lot Monday evening said he was prepared when the suspect attacked him thanks to a Good Samaritan’s warning. Reports of the theft outside the Walmart on SE 82nd Avenue came in around 6:45 p.m., Clackamas County Sheriff’s Office said. People in the parking lot reportedly confronted the suspect, 24-year-old Justin Godsy, who allegedly stole items out of a car. Deputies said a “disturbance was brewing” which resulted in Godsy being knocked to the ground. A Good Samaritan told the first deputy to arrive on the scene that Godsy had boasted about “getting the police to shoot him” by attacking a deputy. Shortly after, the sheriff’s office said Godsy jumped up and aggressively charged at the deputy. Thanks to the Good Samaritan’s warning, the deputy used his Taser to stop Godsy from attacking him. Other officers arrived and helped take him into custody. Investigators later learned Godsy’s family reported him as being suicidal and potentially homicidal earlier in the day. Deputies then decided to place him on a peace officer’s hold and sent him to a local hospital for a mental health evaluation. Godsy is expected to be charged with unlawful entry into a motor vehicle, disorderly conduct and attempted assault on a public safety officer. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Today's Forecast Sunny & Warm Through Wednesday Updated: 24 mins ago Cool showers return Thursday Trending Stories on KOIN.com More Crime Stories 2 people injured in separate Old Town stabbings Updated: 41 mins ago Reports of the first stabbing came in at 10:25 p.m. at Pacific Tower Apartments on NW 4th Avenue. Officers who arrived on the scene found a … Good Samaritan’s warning helps deputy thwart attack May 8, 2017 A sheriff’s deputy who responded to reports of a theft in a Walmart parking lot Monday evening said he was prepared when the suspect attacke… Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KOIN 6 © 1998-2017 KOIN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Headlines Investigations Local News National International Editor’s Pick Entertainment Photo Galleries Crime Game On News Links Hollywood Today Live Traffic Weather Weather Closings Weather Alerts 7 Day Forecast Radar Interactive Satellite PDX Weather App Station About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team Contact Us Job Postings KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts KOIN 6 Mobile Report It KOIN TV Listings Business KOIN Media FCC Public File EEO Report Terms of use Privacy Policy Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Contact Us! Go to our ReportIt form to send us your news tips, investigations and weather pictures. You can also ask us programming questions and provide feedback on our digital products. Thank you! Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Sears | Bangkok Post: business News Business Video Photos Opinion Lifestyle Auto Jobs Property Travel Learning Tech More BUSINESS Log in Sign up Web search MENU Search Switch Archive Today's paper DIGITAL VERSION SIGN IN About E-Newspaper Subscribe Report problem Free Trial HOME DELIVERY Business homepage Business news Telecom Finance Tourism & transport Find company & suppliers Exchange rates More World Gold prices IT Auto Property Business > Business News The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Sears Iconic US retailer's days are numbered 9 May 2017 at 09:00 1,131 viewed0 comments NEWSPAPER SECTION: BUSINESS | WRITER: KIM BHASINLANCE LAMBERT - + New York: In 1989, Sears Roebuck & Co ruled America as its biggest retailer. It loomed over rivals from a perch high above Chicago, inside what was once the world's tallest building -- one bearing the company's name. The fall from that height may finally be nearing an end. Over the course of almost three decades, the company experienced what industry observers described as one of the most monumental collapses in business history. In this photo taken on March 25, 2017, shoppers enter the Sears department store in Schaumburg, Illinois. AP Despite its union with Kmart -- the second-largest retailer from that era -- and a stated belief that it can still turn things around, Sears is teetering on the edge of disaster. The latest bad news was revealed in March, when Sears acknowledged "substantial doubt" about its future, sending the stock plummeting, its worst decline in more than two years. S&P Global Market Intelligence declared Sears the US retailer most vulnerable to defaulting in the next year. A Fitch Ratings study of retail bankruptcies also listed it as a company with a high risk of failure. "The combined decline of Sears and Kmart, in terms of sales, is unprecedented,'' said Greg Portell, an analyst at A.T. Kearney. The seeds were planted by poor decision-making in the 1980s, during which time the company made a real estate play instead of focusing on selling stuff. No senior executive over the next 28 years was able to put stops in place to prevent the slide. "The management mistake that Sears made, in retrospect, was that they never got to a spot where they could stop the free fall," said Portell. It has been a slow, painful fall for these once-dominant brands. Sears, in particular, was synonymous with suburban American consumerism. It dominated retail and changed the way people shopped through its revolutionary catalogue business -- the Amazon.com of its era. Kmart accomplished a lot as well, rising to a spot right behind Sears by peppering the nation with its Super Center big box shops and luring droves of shoppers with the promise of deep discounts, including of course the Blue Light Special. In 1994, Sears and Kmart raked in a combined $111.4 billion, compared with powerhouse discounter Wal-Mart Stores Inc's haul of $111.9 billion. All three retailers ranked in the top 15 in revenue, among companies in all industries, in 1995. Since then, they've gone in different directions. Sears and Kmart have watched their customer bases shrink amid a never-ending string of store closures. Wal-Mart's sales grew almost four-fold over the next decade, as the behemoth tripled its locations and embarked on mass international expansion. Sears and Kmart each chose to trudge along, with little change in strategy. In 2002, Kmart filed for bankruptcy protection after years of weak sales and stiff competition from Wal-Mart. The chain and its 2,100 or so stores were in dire shape, gasping under a pile of debt while unable to get enough shoppers through the doors. At one point, Kmart's biggest food distributor stopped shipments after the retailer was unable to make payments. Kmart would emerge from bankruptcy under the control of hedge fund billionaire Eddie S. Lampert and his firm, ESL Investments. Then came the merger, which at the time was the biggest tie-up in the annals of retail. Since then, Sears and Kmart have been slowly dismantled by Lampert. Implementing a culture of warring tribes, one in which divisions would battle it out for resources, little cash was funneled back into reviving physical stores. Chunks of the business were sold to keep the lights on. In January, the company sold the famous tool brand Craftsman to Stanley Black & Decker Inc for about $900 million. "He did nothing to maintain the stores -- nothing to spiff them up and make them a nice place to go shopping," said Robin Lewis, a longtime industry analyst and chief executive of The Robin Report. "You've got young people today that don't even recognise Sears as a place where they would go. I think people will just forget about it." Once, Sears was the disruptor -- not the disrupted. When the Sears catalogue first appeared on doorsteps in the 1890s, it fundamentally changed how Americans shopped. Back then, much of the population lived in rural areas, and they bought almost everything from little shops at rural junctions. These general stores had limited selection and charged exorbitant prices. They were the only game in town. "The Sears catalogue had an even bigger impact in 1900 than Amazon has had today," said Robert Gordon, a professor at Northwestern University and author of The Rise and Fall of American Growth. Like today's e-commerce powerhouse, the Sears catalogue provided shoppers more choice than ever before, and at lower prices. Sears freed shoppers from the tyranny of the local general merchant and improved their living standards. "The cost of living went down the minute Sears became available," said Gordon. Searching for parallels of Sears's fall through business history, Gordon could find none. "There is nothing like the decline of Sears and Kmart." Howard Riefs, a spokesman for Sears, said the company has made strides in combining physical stores with digital initiatives, such as allowing consumers to purchase online items they can later pick up in person. As for the risk disclosed in the March filing, Riefs said that while historical performance prompted that statement, Sears's financial plans and forecast "do not reflect the continuation of that performance." "Sears is focused on improving and has made decisive actions in recent months,'' he said. "As shopping behaviours have changed -- our focus is on how we can make shopping easier," said Riefs. "We believe the key is to truly integrate the shopping channels. It's a combination of store and online and mobile. It's not just one thing anymore." Bloomberg RECOMMENDED STORIES Guest survey places Thailand 10th in 'Gold Award' hotels Lawyer slams illegal content state order Proxy betting in the Philippines 'a ripe target for China' Big retailers, manufacturers to clear up price hikes EEC tied to China's One Belt, One Road Asia-Pacific tops in March traffic growth Central Embassy adding affordable brands Facebook to block local content Analysts see minimal effect from Montara spill lawsuit Most Viewed 20,405 Italian Thai hit with criminal suit 16,817 New Suvarnabhumi first-class lounge ... 16,670 Ministry denies blocking attempt in ... 15,372 Elite card bounces back to life 12,437 Cash handout plan for 4 million ... Recent BUSINESS Articles SET falls 0.22 to 1,567.80 at midday SET opens up 2.32 to 1,570.34 Gold prices down B50 to B20,200 Do you like the content of this article? Like dislike 2 liked & 0 people disliked it Share this article 0 0 More + Republishing permission Print this FIND COMPANIES & SUPPLIERS Select a location Ang Thong Bangkok Buriram Chachoengsao Chainat Chaiyaphumi Chanthaburi Chiang Mai Chiang Rai Chonburi Chumphon Kalasin Kamphaeng Phet Kanchanaburi Khon Kaen Krabi Lampang Lamphun Lobburi Loei Mae Hong Son Maha Sarakham Mukdahan Nakhon Nayok Nakhon Phanom Nakhon Ratchasima Nakhon Sawan Nakhon Sri Thammarat Nakhonpathom Nan Narathiwat Nong Khai Nongboulumpoo Nonthaburi Pathum Thani Patthani Phang Nga Phatthalung Phayao Phetchaboon Phetchaburi Phichit Phitsanulok Phrae Phranakhon Sri Ayutthaya Phuket Prachinburi Prachuap Khirikhan Ranong Ratburi Rayong Roi Et Sakon Nakhon Sakweao Samutparkan Samutsakhon Samutsongkhram Saraburi Satun Singburi Sisaket Songkhla Sukhothai Suphanburi Suratthanee Surin Tak Trang Trat Ubon Ratcha Thani Udon Thani Uthai Thani Uttaradit Yala Yasothon Select a category Agriculture & Food Airline & Transportation Apparel Associations, Non-profit Organisations & Chambers Electronic & Computer Energy & Petrochemical Financial Service Gem & Ornament Handcraft & Handmade Industrial Legal Service & Consultancy Plastic & Rubber Property & Construction Recruitment Service System And Software Integrators FIND BY PRODUCT OR SERVICE Agriculture & food Apprarel Gem & ornament products Handicraft & handmade Electronic & computer Plastic & rubber More >> Get you business listed >> MOST RECENT 13:10 X-ray machine exposes drug courier in Lampang 12:43 SET falls 0.22 to 1,567.80 at midday 12:05 South Korea’s election: pivotal issues 11:48 Thai Facebook access briefly disrupted on Tuesday 11:34 Villagers cry foul over company’s poor waste handling 11:22 Jakarta governor given 2-year prison sentence for blasphemy 10:54 Philippines' new environment minister: responsible mining 10:41 Young wild elephant found dead in Surat Thani forest 0 people commented about the above Readers are urged not to submit comments that may cause legal dispute including slanderous, vulgar or violent language, incorrectly spelt names, discuss moderation action, quotes with no source or anything deemed critical of the monarchy. More information in our terms of use. Please use our forum for more candid, lengthy, conversational and open discussion between one another. Latest Oldest Most replied to Most liked Most disliked Click here to view more comments Thank you for sharing your comment Please be aware that all comments will be looked at by the web moderating team and we reserve the right to approve or reject comments at our discretion. What's your comment? I acknowledge the rule & regulations Tick here to also post this comment on your facebook wall Please log in or sign up for an account to share your valuable thoughts to the world. Log in Sign up Tweet News & Business Hot topics Special reports Opinion Spectrum Politics Business Asia Focus Finance Technology Property Sports Asean World Travel & Lifestyle Travel reviews Special features Arts & culture Auto reviews Tech reviews Family & health Tourist & expats info Local destinations Hotel booking Brunch Guru Muse Thailand Guide Restaurants What’s on Business directory Serviced apartments Hotel directory Local destinations Pubs & nightlife Services Video Photos Expat Forums Jobs & career Hotel booking Web search Learning English Polls Today’s info Weather forecast Horoscope Fuel prices Exchange rates Gold prices Our network Post Today M2Fjob M2Fnews Student Weekly Post books International magazines Today’s paper Digital Subscription Report problem Home Delivery Digital archive SMS Stay updated everywhere, anytime with Bangkok Post digital products Mobile Tablets Smart TV E-Newsletters RSS Facebook Twitter © 1996 - 2017 The Post Publishing PLC Terms of use | Republishing permission | Help | Online advertising | Contact us | Tell us what you think | Partnership Close All sections Home News Business Video Photos Opinion Learning Lifestyle Travel Technology Property Auto Jobs Expat forum Thailand Guide Shortcuts Top story Most recent Hot topics Other E-Newspaper Home delivery Digital archive SMS Advertise with us
Police: suspect drives Land Rover to Walmart to steal merchandis - KAIT Jonesboro, AR - Region 8 News, weather, sports Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY - Home Recalls Trending Stories Slideshows Interactive Map: Influenza-like illness activity National Entertainment Terrorism around the world Strange News Education News President Donald Trump Right This Minute Video Coverage Mobile Apps Available Stay in touch in Region 8 with breaking news and weather via Email VIDEO: Region 8 Showcase LOCAL Stories to make you happy Business - Money Watch CrimeStoppers - Politics Religion Today Technology Tracking Region 8 Pump Patrol WEATHER INTERACTIVE ALERTS MAP River Stages INTERACTIVE RADAR StormTRACK Doppler 8 Radar Window Farmers' Forecast SkyCAM Network Central Dealerships StormTracker SneezeCAST Region 8 News LIVE or Latest Weather and disaster coverage Mobile Apps Available Winter Weather Closings & Cancellations SPORTS NCAA tournament A-State Red Wolves Arkansas Razorbacks Region 8 Outdoors SEC Digital Network Video Video Health National healthcare debate Health Connections SneezeCAST Cold & Flu Mobile Apps Available LIFESTYLE Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style VideoBytes Press Releases TV KAIT-TV Programming Schedule NBC Region 8 - What's On ABC.com NBC.com Children's Television Act Compliance Mobile Apps Available COMMUNITY Region 8 Community Calendar Region 8 Eats Stay Focused and Drive Pledge Teacher of The Year - Scholarship Salute Take a Road Trip kait8.com Obituaries GR8 Acts of Kindness Region 8 Crime Watch Region 8 Pump Patrol Religion Today Energy Alert System Mobile Apps Available About Us KAIT Contact Info Meet Our News Team Contact Region 8 News Contact Our Sales Team Digital Sales Region 8 News LIVE or Latest KAIT Jobs KAIT 50th Anniversary: 1963-2013 Mobile Apps Available Contests GR8 Acts of Kindness - Promotion Rules Adore Your Front Door Promotion Rules Cruise-Away Giveaway - Official Promotion Rules Try This Drive - Official Promotion Rules Enter to Win a Barton's Weather Umbrella! GMR8 Birthday Club Police: suspect drives Land Rover to Walmart to steal merchandise 2017-05-09T02:20:53Z Posted by Allison Munn, Anchor - Reporter BioEmail Connect Biography amunn@kait8.com Follow @allisoncmunn Cody Aaron Caples (Source: Craighead County Sheriff's Department) JONESBORO, AR (KAIT) - Jonesboro police say a man drove a Land Rover to Walmart, then spent more than six hours in the store unpackaging and concealing nearly $2,000 worth of merchandise he intended to steal. Officer Justin Thompson responded to the Highland Drive Walmart location at 12:15 p.m. Sunday in reference to a shoplifter. Thompson made contact with 34-year-old Cody Caples while he was in the checkout lane, and asked to speak with him in a back office. Thompson advised Caples that two on-site protection employees for Walmart had watched him unpackage and conceal things in a backpack and Walmart bags since 5:30 that morning. The backpack he concealed the items in was also from Walmart, police say. Caples told Thompson he intended on buying the items, yet when asked why he concealed them, he said he "made a mistake." Jonesboro police did not include a detailed list of the items Caples attempted to steal but in all, the merchandise was worth $1,922.03. Caples initially told Thompson his name was "Casey Caples," but later admitted he gave him a fake name. Caples, who had warrants through the city of Jonesboro and Craighead County, was arrested on a felony theft charge. He was also cited for four non-payment of fines warrants. During a probable cause hearing Monday, Caples' bond was set at $3,500 cash or surety. His next court appearance is June 27. Copyright 2017 KAIT. All rights reserved. Watch Region 8 News On Demand: On your Desktop | On your Mobile device Region 8 News App - Install or update on your: iPhone | Android Latest WiresMore>> National Stories National Tech stories from the AP wire Tech stories from the AP wire Technology stories from the Associated Press. Technology stories from the Associated Press. Strange Stories Strange News Health Stories Health Stories Political Stories from the Associated Press Political Stories from the Associated Press Get the latest news on national politics. Get the latest news on national politics.    Region 8 News</span><a class="customMoreLink" href="/Global/category.asp?C=4391" target="_top">More >></a>Region 8 NewsMore>> The Latest: Family of shooting victims: Arrest bittersweet The Latest: Family of shooting victims: Arrest bittersweet Posted: Tuesday, May 9 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-09 06:55:02 GMT Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-09 06:55:02 GMT Police have identified new victims in a series of shootings in Phoenix that resulted in the arrest of a 23-year-old man. Police have identified new victims in a series of shootings in Phoenix that resulted in the arrest of a 23-year-old man. PFD to crack down on false alarms PFD to crack down on false alarms Posted: Monday, May 8 2017 6:28 PM EDT2017-05-08 22:28:08 GMT Updated: Monday, May 8 2017 11:33 PM EDT2017-05-09 03:33:54 GMT (Source: KAIT-TV) The Paragould Fire Department is proposing an ordinance in tonight's city council meeting that would fine someone for calling in too many false alarms. The Paragould Fire Department is proposing an ordinance in tonight's city council meeting that would fine someone for calling in too many false alarms. Paragould bypass project continues Paragould bypass project continues Posted: Monday, May 8 2017 11:16 PM EDT2017-05-09 03:16:25 GMT Updated: Monday, May 8 2017 11:29 PM EDT2017-05-09 03:29:09 GMT (Source: KAIT) Construction has started on phase two of the Paragould bypass project. Construction has started on phase two of the Paragould bypass project. To spank or not to spank, that's the question To spank or not to spank, that's the question Posted: Sunday, May 7 2017 9:54 PM EDT2017-05-08 01:54:44 GMT Updated: Monday, May 8 2017 11:27 PM EDT2017-05-09 03:27:42 GMT Clinical Psychologist, Rebekah Evans (Source: KAIT) Spanking children is controversial, but a common form of discipline that Region 8 News investigated.   Spanking children is controversial, but a common form of discipline that Region 8 News investigated.   Justices approve salary request at Lake City Justices approve salary request at Lake City Posted: Monday, May 8 2017 10:42 PM EDT2017-05-09 02:42:17 GMT Updated: Monday, May 8 2017 11:07 PM EDT2017-05-09 03:07:10 GMT Craighead County Courthouse in Lake City (Source: KAIT) A full-time position at the Lake City courthouse was approved by the Craighead County Quorum Court Monday night, with justices seeking to fill the position by the end of the month.  A full-time position at the Lake City courthouse was approved by the Craighead County Quorum Court Monday night, with justices seeking to fill the position by the end of the month.     Slideshows in the NewsMore>> Slideshow: Faces and places of Trump's first 100 days Slideshow: Faces and places of Trump's first 100 days The eventful first 100 days of Trump's presidency featured a number of players and places of importance. The eventful first 100 days of Trump's presidency featured a number of players and places of importance. Slideshow: Notable deaths of 2017 Slideshow: Notable deaths of 2017 A look at notable people who have passed away in 2017. A look at notable people who have passed away in 2017. Slideshow: White House Easter egg roll Slideshow: White House Easter egg roll President Donald Trump hosted his first Easter egg roll at the White House. President Donald Trump hosted his first Easter egg roll at the White House. Slideshow: April the giraffe gives birth Slideshow: April the giraffe gives birth April the giraffe gave birth to her calf shortly before 10 a.m. Eastern on Saturday, April 15. April the giraffe gave birth to her calf shortly before 10 a.m. Eastern on Saturday, April 15. SLIDESHOW: America fills vacancy on Supreme Court Slideshow: Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch faces senators as he tries to become the newest member of the U.S. Supreme Court.  Supreme Court nominee Neil Gorsuch faces senators as he tries to become the newest member of the U.S. Supreme Court.  Slideshow: MLB Opening Day 2017 Slideshow: MLB Opening Day 2017 The 2017 Major League Baseball season is under way. The 2017 Major League Baseball season is under way. SLIDESHOW: Region 8 Storm Damage, 3/25/17 SLIDESHOW: Region 8 Storm Damage, 3/25/17 Storm damage in Marmaduke (Source: Vicki Tyler) Here are pictures of storm damages submitted by viewers after overnight storms. Here are pictures of storm damages submitted by viewers after overnight storms. Slideshow: UK parliament shooting Slideshow: UK parliament shooting A shooting at the UK parliament has reportedly left two dead and others injured. (Source: storem/Flickr) A shooting at the UK parliament has reportedly left two dead and others injured. A shooting at the UK parliament has reportedly left two dead and others injured. Slideshow: Top 10 popular purebred dog breeds in the US Slideshow: Top 10 popular purebred dog breeds in the US Slideshow: Top 10 popular purebred dog breeds in the US The American Kennel Club announced the most popular purebred dog breeds in the United States. The top dog has held the position for 26 years. The American Kennel Club announced the most popular purebred dog breeds in the United States. The top dog has held the position for 26 years. Slideshow: The biggest upsets of the 2017 NCAA tournament Slideshow: The biggest upsets of the 2017 NCAA tournament If your bracket is in shambles, you can blame these teams. If your bracket is in shambles, you can blame these teams.    Can't Find Something? 472 CR 766 Jonesboro, AR 72401 (870) 931-8888 FCC Public File publicfile@kait8.com (870) 336-1817 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Marijuana Nation World Photos Business The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Sears Mon., May 8, 2017, 6:10 p.m. By Kim Bhasin and Lance Lambert Bloomberg Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS People leave a Sears store in Brooklyn’s Flatbush neighborhood in New York. Once a monolith of American retail, the company says there is “substantial doubt” it will be able to keep its doors open. (Bebeto Matthews / Associated Press) In 1989, Sears Roebuck & Co. ruled America as its biggest retailer. It loomed over rivals from a perch high above Chicago, inside what was once the world’s tallest building – one bearing the company’s name. The fall from that height may finally be nearing an end. Over the course of almost three decades, the company experienced what industry observers described as one of the most monumental collapses in business history. Despite its union with Kmart– the second-largest retailer from that era – and a stated belief that it can still turn things around, Sears is teetering on the edge of disaster. The latest bad news was revealed in March, when Sears acknowledged “substantial doubt” about its future, sending the stock plummeting, its worst decline in more than two years. S&P Global Market Intelligence declared Sears the U.S. retailer most vulnerable to defaulting in the next year. A Fitch Ratings study of retail bankruptcies also listed it as a company with a high risk of failure. The combined decline of Sears and Kmart, in terms of sales, is unprecedented, said Greg Portell, an analyst at A.T. Kearney. The seeds were planted by poor decision-making in the 1980s, during which time the company made a real estate play instead of focusing on selling. No senior executive over the next 28 years was able to put stops in place to prevent the slide. “The management mistake that Sears made, in retrospect, was that they never got to a spot where they could stop the free fall,” said Portell. It has been a slow, painful fall for these once-dominant brands. Sears, in particular, was synonymous with suburban American consumerism. It dominated retail and changed the way people shopped through its revolutionary catalog business – the Amazon.com of its era. Kmart accomplished a lot as well, rising to a spot right behind Sears by peppering the nation with its Super Center big box shops and luring droves of shoppers with the promise of deep discounts, including of course the Blue Light Special. In 1994, Sears and Kmart raked in a combined $111.4 billion, compared with powerhouse discounter Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s haul of $111.9 billion. All three retailers ranked in the top 15 in revenue, among companies in all industries, in 1995. Since then, they’ve gone in different directions. Sears and Kmart have watched their customer bases shrink amid a never-ending string of store closures. Wal-Mart’s sales grew almost fourfold over the next decade, as the behemoth tripled its locations and embarked on mass international expansion. Sears and Kmart each chose to trudge along, with little change in strategy. In 2002, Kmart filed for bankruptcy protection after years of weak sales and stiff competition from Wal-Mart. The chain and its 2,100 or so stores were in dire shape, gasping under a pile of debt while unable to get enough shoppers through the doors. At one point, Kmart’s biggest food distributor stopped shipments after the retailer was unable to make payments. Kmart would emerge from bankruptcy under the control of hedge fund billionaire Eddie S. Lampert and his firm, ESL Investments. Then came the merger, then the biggest tie-up in the annals of retail. Since then, Sears and Kmart have been slowly dismantled by Lampert. Implementing a culture of warring tribes, one in which divisions would battle it out for resources, little cash was funneled back into reviving physical stores. Chunks of the business were sold to keep the lights on. In January, the company sold the famous tool brand Craftsman to Stanley Black & Decker Inc. for about $900 million. “He did nothing to maintain the stores – nothing to spiff them up and make them a nice place to go shopping,” said Robin Lewis, a longtime industry analyst and chief executive of the Robin Report. “You’ve got young people today that don’t even recognize Sears as a place where they would go. I think people will just forget about it.” Once, Sears was the disruptor-not the disrupted. When the Sears catalog first appeared on doorsteps in the 1890s, it fundamentally changed how Americans shopped. Back then, much of the population lived in rural areas, and they bought almost everything from little shops at rural junctions. These general stores had limited selection and charged exorbitant prices. They were the only game in town. “The Sears catalog had an even bigger impact in 1900 than Amazon has had today,” said Robert Gordon, a professor at Northwestern University and author of “The Rise and Fall of American Growth.” Like today’s e-commerce powerhouse, the Sears catalog provided shoppers more choice than ever, and at lower prices. Sears freed shoppers from the tyranny of the local general merchant and improved their living standards. “The cost of living went down the minute Sears became available,” said Gordon. Searching for parallels of Sears’ fall through business history, Gordon could find none. “There is nothing like the decline of Sears and Kmart,” he said. Howard Riefs, a spokesman for Sears, said the company has made strides in combining physical stores with digital initiatives, such as allowing consumers to purchase online items they can later pick up in person. As for the risk disclosed in the March filing, Riefs said that while historical performance prompted that statement, Sears’ financial plans and forecast “do not reflect the continuation of that performance.” Sears is focused on improving and has made “decisive actions” in recent months, he said. “Despite the risks outlined, we are confident in our financial position and remain focused on executing our transformation plan.” The focus of that plan is “how we can make shopping easier,” said Riefs. “We believe the key is to truly integrate the shopping channels. It’s a combination of store and online and mobile. It’s not just one thing anymore.” Published: May 8, 2017, 6:10 p.m.  Click here to comment on this story » Most read stories Man who stabbed himself and reportedly threatened others shot by police in north Spokane … Fire captain battles industry’s higher cancer risk, alongside his disease … Washington State Patrol agrees to pay veteran employees $13 million in back wages … Longtime Spokane bike shop franchise changes hands … ‘Get out’ spray-painted on home of refugee family in Spokane reader comments … ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Events Writers Projects Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Life Timeline Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription How to Trick People Into Saving Money Inside Walmart’s curious, possibly ingenious effort to get customers to build up their savings accounts Justin Fantl Most Popular The Question Sally Yates Couldn't Answer David A. Graham May 8, 2017 How to Trick People Into Saving Money Rob Walker Apr 18, 2017 The Destructiveness of Call-Out Culture on Campus Conor Friedersdorf May 8, 2017 Scenes From Xinjiang Alan Taylor May 8, 2017 Is This How Discrimination Ends? Jessica Nordell May 7, 2017 Rob Walker May 2017 Issue Business Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size Late last summer, Dawn Paquin started keeping her money on a prepaid debit card from Walmart instead of in a traditional checking account. The wages from her factory job—she works from 9 p.m. to 5 a.m., inspecting blades on industrial bread-slicing machines—now go directly onto the Visa-branded card, which she can use like a regular debit card, though unlike most debit cards, it is not linked to a checking or savings account. She made the switch after a $4 check she wrote to buy coffee for herself and a friend tipped her checking account below the required minimum and triggered $100 in overdraft fees. This was before she got the factory gig, and she wasn’t working full-time. Paquin lives in Salem, Illinois, where, she told me recently, if you don’t have a college degree, your job choices are “fast food or factory.” Money was extremely tight. “I kind of had a bit of resentment about banks after that,” she said dryly. Listen to the audio version of this article:Download the Audm app for your iPhone to listen to more titles. The card is more convenient, Paquin said, and she doesn’t have to worry about monthly statements; she tracks her money, and pays all her bills, with the card’s associated phone app. But even with the job, money remains tight. Paquin is divorced, with two sons, and shares a car with her boyfriend. The Money Report How Online Shopping Makes Suckers of Us All Frank and Steven’s Excellent Corporate-Raiding Adventure Like many Americans, Paquin thinks about the importance of saving more often than she actually saves. In a 2015 Federal Reserve Board survey, 46 percent of respondents reported that they would have trouble coming up with $400 in an emergency; living paycheck to paycheck is now a commonplace middle-class experience. So while Paquin noticed that her Walmart MoneyCard app asked her from time to time whether she wanted to “stash” some money, she didn’t bother to figure out what that actually meant, let alone respond. Then, late last year, she got an email saying that a “prize savings” feature had been added to her card. If she kept some of her balance in a virtual “vault,” meaning that it would not show up in her available funds, she would be eligible to win a cash prize in a monthly drawing—up to $1,000. Every dollar in the MoneyCard Vault would equal an entry in that month’s drawing. This caught her interest. A prize would go a long way toward her being able to buy a car. It also made her focus on what all those “stash” requests were about. “Oh, cool, this can work as a savings account, too,” she remembers realizing. So when she got paid, she started setting aside “10 bucks, 20 bucks, whatever I could.” Americans spent $70 billion on lottery tickets in 2014—an average of about 300 per adult. That’s more or less the goal of the Walmart MoneyCard Vault: to encourage the unexciting habit of saving, especially among the considerable number of low- and middle-income Americans who don’t use traditional bank accounts. The program was launched to a limited number of MoneyCard holders in August, offering 500 prizes a month—one for $1,000, the rest $25 each. In December, the company reported that the number of Vault users had grown more than 130 percent, to more than 100,000, and that the average savings had grown from $413 to $572, a 38 percent increase. By itself, of course, this does not solve the savings challenge so many Americans struggle with. But it’s remarkable for a couple of reasons. One is its clever appeal to human tendencies recognized in behavioral-economics research but seldom harnessed to socially desirable goals. Another is that it is squarely aimed at the 67 million Americans inartfully described as “unbanked or underbanked”—a massive group that financial innovators have long ignored, even though that group, more than any other part of the population, could use some financial innovation. Americans’ difficulty saving, Daniel Eckert told me recently, is a textbook example of how brains wired to reckon with short-term threats and opportunities struggle to think about long-term consequences—and struggle even harder to take current action to stave off future disaster. Eckert, who oversees Walmart’s financial-services businesses, became interested in behavioral economics while earning his M.B.A. at the University of Chicago in the early 2000s. Take a walk through a retail store—a Walmart, let’s say. You’ll pass heaps of products in every category, big signs advertising prices that seem too good to pass up, TV screens touting bargains galore. I shop at Walmart frequently, and somewhere in the long walk from the dog-biscuit aisle to the yogurt case I am at the very least tempted to buy something I didn’t know I needed when I arrived. Behavioral economics has been creeping into policy making for years; Barack Obama’s administration even created a team devoted to applying its lessons in the real world. The field also informs new start-ups, such as the maker of an app called Digit, backed by Google’s venture-capital arm, which analyzes your spending patterns and, based on the results, diverts a few dollars into a separate account on a regular basis. Digit used research from Common Cents Lab, co-founded by Dan Ariely, a Duke University behavioral-economics professor, to design a feature encouraging users to pre-commit to saving a percentage of their tax refund. Common Cents has also worked with an app maker that helps food-stamp recipients budget more efficiently. Richard Thaler, an economist at the University of Chicago and one of the field’s pioneers, told The Wall Street Journal in 2015 that saving for retirement is “a prototypical behavioral-economics problem” because it is “cognitively hard—figuring out how much to save—and requires self-control.” One solution is defined-contribution retirement plans, which set money aside automatically; a 401(k) is the most common form. Employees may choose to opt out, but they opt in by default—meaning the passive response is actually the better response. Some plans are even built to gradually escalate, again by default, the amount employees set aside for retirement savings. Admittedly, that’s not how all 401(k)s work—most automatic-saving plans still require some active decision making about, say, how much you contribute. Still, default plans like these are “probably behavioral economists’ greatest success story,” Thaler said. A shot at $25 right now captures attention in a way that interest earned over years does not. But that doesn’t mean much to Dawn Paquin, whose factory gig is through a temp agency and doesn’t offer a retirement plan, or to millions of other Americans like her. And it does nothing to encourage shorter-term savings, the kind that can cushion unexpected economic blows. The notion of helping this vulnerable group by way of cash-prize enticements draws on a different strand of research entirely. Americans spent $70 billion on lottery tickets in 2014—an average of about $300 per adult. Poorer Americans spend a bigger chunk of their income on the lottery than richer ones; a 1999 study of state lotteries by researchers at Duke reported that nearly half of all households with incomes below $25,000 at least dabbled in the lottery. This despite the fact that lotto players lose about 47 cents of each dollar they spend on tickets. Why do they do it? The knee-jerk assumption is that the answer boils down to ignorance. But in a 2008 article in the Journal of Behavioral Decision Making, researchers at Carnegie Mellon University argued that the lottery is “alluring for poor people” because it offers a shot at an otherwise unavailable dramatic economic gain. The lottery can seem to be the only way out. So people keep playing. The idea of redirecting these actions on a mass scale through a prepaid-card feature, rather than trying to suppress them, is still relatively novel, at least in the United States. It didn’t come from Walmart, or from a big bank, or from a Silicon Valley start-up. It came from a meeting organized by an earnest nonprofit. Commonwealth was founded in Boston in 2001 with the goal of addressing America’s “pervasive financial insecurity.” Timothy Flacke, a co-founder and the executive director, describes it as a financial-innovation incubator to benefit vulnerable people. A few years ago, another co-founder, Peter Tufano, now the dean of the business school at Oxford, got interested in the United Kingdom’s Premium Bonds, which were introduced in the 1950s. Buying these bonds enters holders into a lotterylike system with regular prizes of up to 1 million pounds, paid for out of the pooled interest on the bonds. They’re popular. So are similar programs in Latin America, South Africa, New Zealand, and elsewhere. Commonwealth wanted to try this approach in the United States. But Flacke says that aside from the unknown appeal to Americans of a prize-linked program, there were questions at the time about whether such a program would be legal. Most states had carved out exceptions for government-run lotteries and for charities, but private lotteries were largely forbidden. Still, cursory research involving one of Flacke’s colleagues’ “standing in a Walmart in rural Indiana” and quizzing customers suggested consumer interest. Eventually Commonwealth figured out that the laws in Michigan would allow it to test a program there like the ones in the U.K. and other countries. Justin Fantl Commonwealth and its partners designed a plan called Save to Win, which offered monthly cash prizes through the Michigan Credit Union League. The plan included a single big prize and a bevy of smaller ones—a jackpot and something more like the experience, Flacke says, of playing scratch tickets: a large number of small prizes, awarded more frequently and paid out quickly. Offering a large number of frequent payouts played to “hyperbolic discounting,” the tendency to value short-term possibilities disproportionately higher than long-term gains. A shot at $25 right now captures attention in a way that the promise of $100 earned through a few points of interest over a period of years does not. Throw in the slimmer possibility of a much bigger immediate payoff, and people really get interested. Also, fantasizing about what to do with extra money is something low-income Americans “don’t get a lot of space in their lives to do,” Flacke says. “That’s what powers the lottery industry.” He adds that there is a sort of “contagion of winners”—when a customer at a credit-union branch collected a $25 prize for saving money, everybody else waiting in line was interested, and many wanted to get in on the action. After a year, 11,600 members of eight credit unions, half of whom said they had not previously been regular savers, had deposited $8.5 million in new accounts, averaging about $730 each. The CEO of one participating credit union observed at the time that Save to Win was far more effective in getting people to save than previous incentives, including a CD at an eye-popping 10 percent interest rate. Commonwealth began working with lawmakers to allow the practice in other states, and pushing for federal legislation to allow it throughout the country. To date, it says, its efforts have helped inspire more than 80,000 people to save more than $170 million. Nevertheless, the approach remained piecemeal. So in 2014, Commonwealth and the similarly minded Center for Financial Services Innovation co-hosted a conference with the Boston Federal Reserve, inviting a variety of players in the growing business of prepaid debit cards to talk about ideas for increasing savings. The prepaid-card industry is not known for its beneficence. The cards don’t offer interest. Users pay fees to get the card itself, to load money onto it, and to withdraw funds at an ATM; some cards charge a monthly fee unless the balance rises above a certain level. Regulators recently ordered one of the early, high-profile brands, RushCard, and its payment processor, MasterCard, to pay $13 million in fines and restitution stemming from a huge technical error in 2015 that denied thousands of users access to their own money. Walmart’s MoneyCard experienced a similar, if less severe, incident last year. Even so, as the smartphone revolution has made such cards vastly more convenient, they have become an increasingly popular alternative to traditional banking. Americans stored an estimated $100 billion on reloadable cards in 2016, up from less than $1 billion in 2003. A Pew Charitable Trusts study estimates that more than a quarter of prepaid-card users don’t have a bank account. The Boston conference included a workshop on prize-linked savings. Flacke, who ran the workshop, says that he told the group, “Look, guys, you have a really important platform that serves a lot of financially vulnerable consumers, but most of it is not being used to help people get anywhere. It’s all transaction-focused. You should be thinking about savings.” Eckert, the Walmart executive, told me that when he heard Flacke’s prize-based-savings presentation at that event, he thought: We could do that. It took more than a year to sort out the details. By using a sweepstakes model, Walmart was in a position to work around lottery restrictions: Although the federal legislation Commonwealth had backed to encourage and ease prize-saving lottery experiments did pass, waiting for all 50 states to enact specific changes would have slowed things down. And Walmart could roll out the idea on a scale few businesses could match: 90 percent of Americans live within 15 miles of a Walmart. Loretta Taylor, who lives in the southern-Illinois town of Mount Vernon, started using a Walmart MoneyCard when her local bank branch closed late last year, forcing her to drive 45 minutes to make a deposit. A registered nurse, she has lately been working as an in-home caregiver, and sometimes gets paid in cash, which she can put onto the card (for a $3 fee) at a nearby Walmart. “I’m not making much money right now,” she told me recently. But in early January she decided to put $23 in the card’s Vault—and won a $25 prize. Taylor has kept her traditional bank account, and she sounds slightly skeptical of Walmart’s motives. Still, she has continued to use the Vault; she had saved $75 when we talked in early February, including the $25 prize. For people like Taylor, using a prepaid debit card may reflect a lack of better choices more than anything else: The prepaid-card industry is serving a market that conventional banks don’t serve well or in some cases at all. Walmart’s MoneyCard is a product of Green Dot Corporation, one of the giants of the prepaid-card industry. When CEO Steven Streit started the company in 1999, he called it i-Gen, and envisioned his market as tech-savvy youths. “The packaging was all about kids; the marketing was all about cool teenagers surfing the web,” he told me recently. He landed a deal to sell the cards through Rite Aid. Young people didn’t buy them. Low-income adults did. The company started asking the people who called its service center why they were using the product, and the answer was usually that they didn’t have bank accounts. “That’s when I realized,” Streit says, “Wow, we’ve got the right product, but the wrong demographic.” The packaging was redesigned, and the renamed Green Dot started making new deals—including one with Walmart to create the MoneyCard, which debuted in 2007. Check-cashing outfits, payday lenders, and similar businesses are often thought of as merely preying on poor people, who, the conventional wisdom goes, tend to make bad financial decisions. Lisa Servon, a University of Pennsylvania professor of city and regional planning, offers a different angle in her recent book, The Unbanking of America: How the New Middle Class Survives. During Servon’s research working as a teller at a check casher and payday lender, consumers told her that the fee structures of nonbank alternatives were more transparent and predictable than those at conventional banks—crucial to anyone living on a budget. Prepaid cards offer this predictability, and over time their reputation for transparency has improved. (Last year, the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau announced new rules that later this year will require card issuers to package their products with a standardized fee-disclosure form; some congressional Republicans are now pushing legislation that might block this change.) Servon notes that online information sources such as NerdWallet.com offer detailed prepaid-card assessments and discussion forums to help consumers choose a card. But it’s unclear how many low-income Americans know about or have time to examine these sources. “A lot of it is kind of word of mouth and personal experience,” Servon told me. Walmart has an incentive to become the place people think about when they think of their financial future. That has remained true even as prepaid cards have taken off. I asked Green Dot’s Streit whether he worried that the big banks would recognize and pursue his growing customer base. His answer was: Not really. “The challenge with poor people is that they’re poor,” he said. “To really make big money off a customer, a bank needs them to be underwritable for mortgages, new automobiles, home-improvement loans, margin loans on stock, management fees.” For conventional financial-services companies, he said, it makes more sense to pursue a small number of high-income customers than, well, everyone else. Six years ago, Green Dot obtained a bank charter, giving it even more options for offering financial services. In 2013 it launched an alternative checking service called GoBank (later made available through Walmart) that included a vault feature, so users could designate some of their funds as savings. This feature migrated to the MoneyCard, but plenty of users, including Dawn Paquin, ignored it until it incorporated the sweepstakes feature. Walmart is, of course, a cathedral of consumption, and has been relentlessly criticized for the way it pays and treats its workforce. The new savings card could be seen as so much image-burnishing. Still, a retail business by definition tempts you to spend, not to withhold available funds. I asked Eckert, the head of Walmart’s financial-services businesses, directly: What’s in it for Walmart to help people save? From Our May 2017 Issue Try 2 FREE issues of The Atlantic Subscribe “People always look for that angle,” he replied with a weary chuckle. His answer skewed mostly toward social responsibility: What’s good for Walmart customers is good for America, and Walmart has a unique reach and a direct relationship with consumers who really want or need help making ends meet. “There was no other commercial motive,” he said flatly. Every big business’s reflex is to say it wants to do good for its customers. On a practical level, Walmart sells the card for $1, and Green Dot charges the usual associated fees: $5 a month if your balance is less than $1,000; $2.50 for ATM withdrawals; etc. That can add up fast for a low-income card user who is struggling to save. Neither Walmart nor Green Dot would get into how much money they actually make on the card, or the costs associated with the prize-savings program. But for Walmart, at least, the bigger gain is probably not immediately tangible. Walmart has dabbled in financial services for years, flirting with obtaining an actual banking license, but has so far worked with partners instead, including Green Dot, Jackson Hewitt Tax Service, MoneyGram, and American Express. All of these help make its stores de facto locations for a host of money-related services that its customers may need. When Eckert says that Walmart has a real incentive to help its customers save, it is another way of saying that Walmart has a real incentive to become the place customers think of when they think of their financial future. Lots of Walmart customers are underserved by banks and other financial institutions, Eckert says; the company’s experiments with finance-related products and services help customers “not only save money but also have access to a financial ecosystem they were crowded out from.” That access keeps them loyal to Walmart, and keeps them coming back to its stores. If they buy more dog biscuits or yogurt or whatever else they need or want while they’re there—well, that’s business. Flacke, of Commonwealth, sees one of the world’s biggest brands working with a big player in the burgeoning prepaid-card industry on something that might really help low-income Americans save. And he hopes others copy the idea. In late January, Dawn Paquin got a call from someone at Green Dot informing her that she had won $1,000. She suspected some sort of scam, but a few days later the money appeared in her MoneyCard Vault. She gave her two sons $50 each, took them and her boyfriend to dinner, and bought a much-needed new pair of Skechers. She left the rest in her Vault, which now contains a bit more than $800—more than she’s had saved for a while. She still has an eye on a car, but she’s waiting to see whether, as she hopes, her factory job becomes permanent. “I like,” she says, “to have money put away.” Share Tweet Comments Latest Video Cameron County Sheriff The Cartel Murder That Exposed a Rogue U.S. Border Patrol Agent A headless body, a gold-plated pistol, and the specter of corruption in the country's largest police force Jeremy Raff May 5, 2017 About the Author Rob Walker writes the Workologist column for The New York Times’ Sunday Business section. He is a co-editor of the anthology Significant Objects: 100 Extraordinary Stories About Ordinary Things. Most Popular Presented by Aaron Bernstein / Reuters The Question Sally Yates Couldn't Answer David A. Graham The former acting attorney general told a Senate panel she had warned the Trump administration that Michael Flynn had lied about his conversations with a Russian official—but she couldn’t explain why it took another 18 days for him to be fired. Sally Yates, the former acting attorney general, was concerned that Michael Flynn’s false statements about his contacts with the Russian government had exposed him to blackmail, she testified during a Senate hearing on Monday. During three hours of questioning by the Senate Judiciary Committee’s subcommittee on crime and terror, Yates and former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper discussed Russian interference in the 2016 election. The hearing offered the fullest timeline yet of the events that led to Flynn’s forced resignation on February 13, though it left significant questions unanswered. “We were concerned that the American people had been misled about the underlying conduct and what General Flynn had done, and also that we weren’t the only ones that knew all of this. The Russians also knew about what General Flynn had done, and they Russians also knew that General Flynn had misled Vice President Pence and others,” Yates said. “This was a problem because not only did we believe that the Russians knew this but that they also likely had proof. This created a compromise situation … where the national security adviser could be blackmailed by the Russians.” Continue Reading Justin Fantl How to Trick People Into Saving Money Rob Walker Inside Walmart’s curious, possibly ingenious effort to get customers to build up their savings accounts Late last summer, Dawn Paquin started keeping her money on a prepaid debit card from Walmart instead of in a traditional checking account. The wages from her factory job—she works from 9 p.m. to 5 a.m., inspecting blades on industrial bread-slicing machines—now go directly onto the Visa-branded card, which she can use like a regular debit card, though unlike most debit cards, it is not linked to a checking or savings account. She made the switch after a $4 check she wrote to buy coffee for herself and a friend tipped her checking account below the required minimum and triggered $100 in overdraft fees. This was before she got the factory gig, and she wasn’t working full-time. Paquin lives in Salem, Illinois, where, she told me recently, if you don’t have a college degree, your job choices are “fast food or factory.” Money was extremely tight. “I kind of had a bit of resentment about banks after that,” she said dryly. Continue Reading Regis Duvignau / Reuters The Destructiveness of Call-Out Culture on Campus Conor Friedersdorf Reflections from undergraduates of the social media era Last month, hoping to better understand how digital communications affects life on campus, I posed this question: “Were College Students Better Off Before Social Media?” One undergraduate responded that what he likes best about the communications environment at his college, where there are about 10,000 students, is that “it has taught me a great deal about rapid-response crisis communications.” After graduation, he explained,  “I’m interested in pursuing a career working on political campaigns.” And campus life for his peers “has been a veritable trial-by-fire for crisis comms.” Dozens of other college students sent answers to my inquiry, too. Some felt that their generation has the better end of the bargain—that social media allows them to better connect with new people, or stay in closer touch with peers on campus or high school friends at other institutions. And the era one prefers is partly a matter of personality. Said one student, “In our day and age, going viral or gaining widespread internet fame is something of legend, a social conquest achieved by only those with a rare knack for cultural phenomena or those merely blessed by fate.” Continue Reading Kevin Frayer / Getty Scenes From Xinjiang Alan Taylor In northwestern China, the vast Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region is home to nearly 22 million residents. In northwestern China, the vast Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region is home to nearly 22 million residents. Xinjiang, roughly half the size of India, is a historic crossroads, sharing a border with Afghanistan, Kazakhstan, Kyrgyzstan, Mongolia, Russia, and Tajikistan. The region is also home to about 10 million Uighurs—making up roughly half of China’s 22 million Muslims. Resource-rich Xinjiang has become a center of sporadic violent protests, as the Chinese Communist Party encourages development, unofficial Han Chinese resettlement, and the imposition of cultural and religious restrictions on the Uighur ethnic group. Tensions in Xinjiang are building once more, as the government has stepped up security, warning of terrorist threats, and claiming the region as an essential part of China’s One Belt, One Road (OBOR) initiative that will link China to Asia, the Middle East, and more. Continue Reading Julianna Brion Is This How Discrimination Ends? Jessica Nordell Trainings and workshops geared toward eliminating people’s hidden prejudices are all the rage—but many don’t work. Now the psychologist who made the case for "implicit bias" wants to cure it. On a cloudy day in February, Will Cox pointed to a pair of news photos that prompted a room of University of Wisconsin, Madison, graduate students to shift in their seats. In one image, a young African American man clutches a carton of soda under his arm. Dark water swirls around his torso; his yellow shirt is soaked. In the other, a white couple is in water up to their elbows. The woman is tattooed and frowning, gripping a bag of bread. Cox read aloud the captions that were published alongside these images of a post-Katrina New Orleans. For the black man: “A young man walks through chest-deep water after looting a grocery store.” For the white couple: “Two residents wade through chest-deep water after finding bread and soda.” Continue Reading Mauricio Lima / Getty Why Americans Smile So Much Olga Khazan How immigration and cultural values affect what people do with their faces On Reddit forums that ask “What’s a dead giveaway that someone is American?” one trait comes up over and over again: big, toothy grins. Here’s how one Reddit user in Finland put it: When a stranger on the street smiles at you: a. you assume he is drunk b. he is insane c. he’s an American Last year, I wrote about why some countries seem to smile less than average—and mistrust those who do seem unusually peppy. A country’s level of instability, that study found, might be why people who seem happy for no reason in, say, Russia, are considered foolish. But there’s an interesting line of research that helps explain outliers on the other end of the spectrum, too: Americans and their stereotypically mega-watt smiles. Continue Reading Walter Thompson / Comedy Central The Romance of Women's Friendships Megan Garber Deborah Tannen’s new book explores the idea that platonic relationships can be as fulfilling—and as fraught—as their romantic counterparts. These are, in some ways, very good times for the Bechdel test. Recent movies have offered up nuanced, celebratory portrayals of women’s friendship. Recent TV shows have provided pairings of friends—Abbi and Ilana, Meredith and Cristina, Lucca and Maia, Leslie and Ann, Hannah and Jessa, Pennsatucky and Big Boo—whose friendships have taken on the tensions that Hollywood has traditionally reserved for romantic couplings. Books, too, in both fiction and nonfiction, have considered—and in many ways re-considered—the female friendship. Rebecca Traister’s All the Single Ladies, Kate Bolick’s Spinster, and Jill Filipovic’s The H-Spot have all made cases that American culture, and indeed American politics, should find ways to institutionalize the female friendship, giving good friends the same kinds of benefits that have traditionally come with marriage. Continue Reading AMC Better Call Saul Stages Its Bittersweet Showdown Spencer Kornhaber The fifth episode of the third season finally had Chuck and Jimmy confront each other before the eyes of the law. Something that serialized TV can often accomplish better than movies is the slow buildup to, and payoff from, tragically thrilling confrontation. Game of Thrones’s trials by combat and by priest, resulting in burst brains and green-tinted explosions, hit harder for being so lengthily anticipated within the show. Same went for the revelations of the Breaking Bad episode “Ozymandias,” the unmasking of Brody to Carrie in Homeland, or even the trivia-night showdown of Big Little Lies. Better Call Saul has now had such a moment, and as befits the Breaking Bad spinoff’s defiantly smaller-bore concerns, it happened not with bloodshed nor even with the high stakes of a criminal trial. Rather, last night’s episode used the cruddy boardroom of a State Bar of New Mexico hearing to topple a domino line that had been patiently set up for two and half seasons. Our hero was absolved and damned in the same moment, while his nemesis—his brother—was just damned. Continue Reading Carlos Barria / Reuters Trump Tries to Blame Obama for the Flynn Scandal David A. Graham Even if the previous administration erred in granting the disgraced national security adviser clearance, that doesn’t excuse shoddy vetting. Ahead of a major hearing Monday about Russian interference in U.S. politics, President Trump is trying to shift blame away from himself—but he’s likely to find that challenging. With former Acting Attorney General Sally Yates and former Director of National Intelligence James Clapper testifying before a Senate panel Monday afternoon, Trump fired off a pair of tweets Monday morning. In one, he focused on defending his decision to hire his former national security adviser, Michael Flynn: General Flynn was given the highest security clearance by the Obama Administration - but the Fake News seldom likes talking about that. — Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 8, 2017 In another, he suggested that senators ask Yates whether she knows how information she passed to the White House about Flynn leaked to the public. Trump fired Yates, a career Justice Department official who rose to become deputy attorney general in the Obama administration, after she announced that the Justice Department would not defend his Muslim immigration ban in court. Continue Reading Mark Kauzlarich / Reuters Why Can't the Left Win? Conor Friedersdorf Advice and constructive criticism from observers who believe that America would benefit from a healthier opposition to the governing coalition President Trump wields great power. Those who believe him to be a cruel, dishonest man who is glaringly unqualified to preside over the executive branch or U.S. foreign policy, should welcome challenges from the left, right, and center to his administration. But is the American left capable of political success right now? Its recent win-loss record is poor, whether one begins with the Seattle WTO protests, the anti-war marches of 2003, the push for immigration reform, Occupy Wall Street, or Black Lives Matter. And observing the left during the first 100 days of the Trump administration, I am beginning to despair that its pathologies are growing in strength at the very moment when the worst of the right is ascendant, too. Continue Reading How the Obamacare Repeal Could Cost Republicans the House Daniel Lombroso and David Frum David Frum argues most Americans have accepted the principle of universal coverage. Watch Video 'I've Done Horrible Things for Dope' Katherine Wells A haunting documentary about a West Virginia town plagued by painkiller addiction Watch Video Cameron County Sheriff The Cartel Murder That Exposed a Rogue U.S. Border Patrol Agent Jeremy Raff A headless body, a gold-plated pistol, and the specter of corruption in the country's largest police force Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Business Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad > Close
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Tech Amazon Amazon lowers free shipping minimum back to $25 New, 11 comments by Jacob Kastrenakes May 8, 2017, 7:05pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Amazon has lowered its free shipping minimum back down to $25, the latest policy change amid a free-shipping battle with Walmart. The change seems to have been made sometime last week, but it went unreported until today. BestBlackFriday alerted us to the change. This is the second time this year that Amazon has lowered its free shipping minimum. In February, Amazon lowered the minimum from $49 to $35. Now that it’s down to $25, the minimum has returned to the place it sat at for more than a decade, before Amazon starting raising it back in 2013. A free shipping battle is raging Amazon began bumping up the minimum on free shipping in part as a way to promote Prime, which covers all shipping costs regardless of how much a customer is buying. Prime seemed like a much better deal when the minimum was at $49, since it opened up the ability for subscribers to place much smaller orders. But in January, Walmart began offering free two-day shipping, without a subscription, on orders of at least $35. That made shopping at Walmart seem far more appealing, and clearly Amazon agreed. Its first drop in the shipping minimum came just weeks later. And today’s drop suggests Amazon is now more concerned with competing with Walmart than using the shipping minimum as another way to boost Prime subscriptions. That all said, Walmart still has a leg up on Amazon in one way: though its minimum is $10 higher, Walmart offers free two-day shipping, while Amazon’s free shipping can estimate times of a week or longer. In a statement, Amazon confirmed that it “recently lowered the minimum order amount" and said that “all orders with $25 or more of eligible items qualify for free shipping.” Next Up In Tech Amazon’s touchscreen Echo Show will reportedly ship in June for $229.99 The new Snapdragon 660 and 630 chips have faster LTE and offer better battery life Waze now lets you record your own turn-by-turn audio You can now upload Instagram photos from its mobile website T-Mobile ends its 200MB ‘free data for life’ offer for new tablets Amazon’s touchscreen Echo with video calling could be announced tomorrow Now Trending The new Snapdragon 660 and 630 chips have faster LTE and offer better battery life Google’s mysterious new Fuchsia OS has a UI now Amazon’s touchscreen Echo Show will reportedly ship in June for $229.99 Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 8. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest Hellboy is getting a movie reboot with Stranger Things star in leading role by Rich McCormick 2 comments / new Amazon’s touchscreen Echo Show will reportedly ship in June for $229.99 by Sam Byford 3 comments / new The new Snapdragon 660 and 630 chips have faster LTE and offer better battery life by Paul Miller 5 comments / new Waze now lets you record your own turn-by-turn audio by Chris Welch 5 comments / new You can now upload Instagram photos from its mobile website by Ashley Carman Watch a speedrunner beat Prey in under 20 minutes by busting through its geometry by Chaim Gartenberg 2 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Skip to main content Login Classifieds CarsHQ JobsHQ HomesHQ ApartmentsHQ Classifieds Marketplace Duluth News Tribune Search Search Sections Home news Headlines Crews battle fire in Duluth's Lincoln Park neighborhood Many Rivers Montessori school has new home in Duluth Shipping Traffic for May 9, 2017 Bygones for May 9, 2017 Synthetic marijuana taking toll in downtown St. Paul More Topics crime education health iron range politics st louis county superior business Headlines Target to test next-day delivery service in Minneapolis New owner again says Hermantown Gander Mountain will stay open Glass act 2: Lake Superior Art Glass adds furnace, second location The Memo: What to know in business this week for May 8 Property Transactions for April 27 to May 3, 2017 More Topics construction energy mining money shipping technology transportation sports Headlines Junior hockey: Aberdeen eliminates Wilderness in OT Prep summaries UND women's hockey players scattering across country Aspiring defensive backs studying Vikings' Rhodes Ham makes home at fullback in Vikings camp More Topics baseball basketball football golf hockey preps running features Headlines Homegrown Day 7 recap: Jam bands, steampunk and kickball Concert review: Sonic explosions close DSSO's season Local historian and educator team up to chronicle ‘Duluth's Historic Parks: Their First 160 Years’ Readings & Writers for May 7, 2017 Heartland Indie Best-sellers for May 7, 2017 More Topics pursuits taste A&E home weekend featured columnists milestones Headlines Iliana Jaymes West Weston Brooks Eli Nicholas Myran Beckman, LeBlanc Happy 14th Birthday, Thor! More Topics weddings engagements anniversaries new arrivals 100 candles special occasions obituaries Headlines Antonia Victoria Machones George Dotlich Dennis W. Malinowski Margurite 'Babe' Olson Mildred Preiner More Topics memorials opinion Headlines In response: Let the courts uphold the law Not learning from our errors ... House Republicans repeat mistake of Obamacare Not learning from our errors ... Debunked vaccine fear taking toll on Minnesota Commentary: Positive changes for school lunches Our view: Lincoln Park renaissance gaining steam More Topics columns editorial cartoons local view national view other view our view readers views outdoors Headlines MN DNR Weekly Report for May 8, 2017 Field Reports: Anglers encouraged to report catching tagged Rainy River sturgeon Outdoors calendar Houston's fishing report: The wait is almost over Ask a Conservation Officer: Using Lake Superior smelt as bait More Topics fishing hunting community Headlines Fun with machines at old-time snowmobile festival Superior and Douglas County calling for youth representatives Mentor Duluth Moms on fire: Duluth blog honors area's best moms Grandma's Brag Book More Topics scrapbook family Weather Forecast Close Forecast Radar The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Sears By Washington Post on May 8, 2017 at 4:13 p.m. The Sears store is on the northeast corner of West Acres as seen Thursday, Jan. 5, 2017, in Fargo, N.D. Dave Wallis / The Forum In 1989, Sears Roebuck & Co. ruled America as its biggest retailer. It loomed over rivals from a perch high above Chicago, inside what was once the world's tallest building-one bearing the company's name. The fall from that height may finally be nearing an end. Over the course of almost three decades, the company experienced what industry observers described as one of the most monumental collapses in business history. Despite its union with Kmart-the second-largest retailer from that era-and a stated belief that it can still turn things around, Sears is teetering on the edge of disaster. The latest bad news was revealed in March, when Sears acknowledged "substantial doubt" about its future, sending the stock plummeting, its worst decline in more than two years. S&P Global Market Intelligence declared Sears the U.S. retailer most vulnerable to defaulting in the next year. A Fitch Ratings study of retail bankruptcies also listed it as a company with a high risk of failure. The combined decline of Sears and Kmart, in terms of sales, is unprecedented, said Greg Portell, an analyst at A.T. Kearney. The seeds were planted by poor decision-making in the 1980s, during which time the company made a real estate play instead of focusing on selling. No senior executive over the next 28 years was able to put stops in place to prevent the slide. "The management mistake that Sears made, in retrospect, was that they never got to a spot where they could stop the free fall," said Portell. It has been a slow, painful fall for these once-dominant brands. Sears, in particular, was synonymous with suburban American consumerism. It dominated retail and changed the way people shopped through its revolutionary catalogue business-the Amazon.com of its era. Kmart accomplished a lot as well, rising to a spot right behind Sears by peppering the nation with its Super Center big box shops and luring droves of shoppers with the promise of deep discounts, including of course the Blue Light Special. In 1994, Sears and Kmart raked in a combined $111.4 billion, compared with powerhouse discounter Wal-Mart Stores Inc.'s haul of $111.9 billion. All three retailers ranked in the top 15 in revenue, among companies in all industries, in 1995. Since then, they've gone in different directions. Sears and Kmart have watched their customer bases shrink amid a never-ending string of store closures. Wal-Mart's sales grew almost fourfold over the next decade, as the behemoth tripled its locations and embarked on mass international expansion. Sears and Kmart each chose to trudge along, with little change in strategy. In 2002, Kmart filed for bankruptcy protection after years of weak sales and stiff competition from Wal-Mart. The chain and its 2,100 or so stores were in dire shape, gasping under a pile of debt while unable to get enough shoppers through the doors. At one point, Kmart's biggest food distributor stopped shipments after the retailer was unable to make payments. Kmart would emerge from bankruptcy under the control of hedge fund billionaire Eddie S. Lampert and his firm, ESL Investments. Then came the merger, then the biggest tie-up in the annals of retail. Since then, Sears and Kmart have been slowly dismantled by Lampert. Implementing a culture of warring tribes, one in which divisions would battle it out for resources, little cash was funneled back into reviving physical stores. Chunks of the business were sold to keep the lights on. In January, the company sold the famous tool brand Craftsman to Stanley Black & Decker Inc. for about $900 million. "He did nothing to maintain the stores-nothing to spiff them up and make them a nice place to go shopping," said Robin Lewis, a longtime industry analyst and chief executive of the Robin Report. "You've got young people today that don't even recognize Sears as a place where they would go. I think people will just forget about it." Once, Sears was the disruptor-not the disrupted. When the Sears catalogue first appeared on doorsteps in the 1890s, it fundamentally changed how Americans shopped. Back then, much of the population lived in rural areas, and they bought almost everything from little shops at rural junctions. These general stores had limited selection and charged exorbitant prices. They were the only game in town. "The Sears catalogue had an even bigger impact in 1900 than Amazon has had today," said Robert Gordon, a professor at Northwestern University and author of "The Rise and Fall of American Growth." Like today's e-commerce powerhouse, the Sears catalogue provided shoppers more choice than ever, and at lower prices. Sears freed shoppers from the tyranny of the local general merchant and improved their living standards. "The cost of living went down the minute Sears became available," said Gordon. Searching for parallels of Sears's fall through business history, Gordon could find none. "There is nothing like the decline of Sears and Kmart," he said. Howard Riefs, a spokesman for Sears, said the company has made strides in combining physical stores with digital initiatives, such as allowing consumers to purchase online items they can later pick up in person. As for the risk disclosed in the March filing, Riefs said that while historical performance prompted that statement, Sears's financial plans and forecast "do not reflect the continuation of that performance." Sears is focused on improving and has made "decisive actions" in recent months, he said. "Despite the risks outlined, we are confident in our financial position and remain focused on executing our transformation plan." The focus of that plan is "how we can make shopping easier," said Riefs. "We believe the key is to truly integrate the shopping channels. It's a combination of store and online and mobile. It's not just one thing anymore." Explore related topics:NewsRetailSearsBusiness Advertisement Latest In response: Let the courts uphold the law34 min ago Not learning from our errors ... House Republicans repeat mistake of Obamacare45 min ago Not learning from our errors ... Debunked vaccine fear taking toll on Minnesota47 min ago Crews battle fire in Duluth's Lincoln Park neighborhood51 min ago Many Rivers Montessori school has new home in Duluth57 min ago Shipping Traffic for May 9, 20171 hour ago Bygones for May 9, 20171 hour ago Junior hockey: Aberdeen eliminates Wilderness in OT1 hour ago more 〉 Account Manage My Account Manage Home Delivery Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Newspaper Subscribe to the Paper Contact Contact Us Get Website Help Work With Us More JobsHQ CarsHQ HomesHQ Northland Outdoors Agweek Impact Magazine Social Areavoices Twitter Facebook RSS Feeds Forum Communications Company 3.0 © Duluth News Tribune Forum Communications Company websitesupport@forumcomm.com © Duluth News Tribune and Forum Communications Company 424 W. First St. Duluth, Minnesota 55802 Call us at (218) 723-5281
StyleCaster StyleCaster Fashion Beauty Lifestyle Entertainment SCtv StyleCaster StyleCaster StyleCaster Fashion Beauty Lifestyle Entertainment SCtv StyleCaster StyleCaster Share Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr 13 Best Skin-Care Products You Didn’t Know Were at Walmart What's hot The 9 Best Face Bronzers to Fake an Insanely Pretty... 5 Seriously Good New Arrivals to Shop At Ulta This... Jennifer Lawrence Got White Bangs, Looks Unrecognizable... This Weird Curl-Drying Trick Gave Me the Best Hair... OMG: Bella Hadid Just Chopped Off Her Hair and It'... StyleCaster 13 Best Skin-Care Products You Didn’t Know Were at Walmart Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr 0 byMichelle Gant 11 Shares 10 hours ago 16 Start slideshow Photo: ImaxTree Imagine being able to walk down the aisles of a store—yes, a store! With physical walking!—and stock up on all your favorite skin-care products, including drugstore and department-store brands (what up, Clinique), along with some seriously cool, lesser-known indie brands, all in one place. Sounds like beauty heaven, right? Welp, we’re here to tell you this place exists, and it’s probably not what you’re expecting, because surprise: It’s Walmart. MORE: STOP: This Is What It Looks Like When You Tattoo Your Eyeballs Yes, this is further proof that the retailer carries literally anything you could ever need, all at a decently affordable price. Which is a good thing, because we found 13 surprisingly excellent skin-care products that you’re immediately going to want to buy, including a Clarins anti-aging serum, a Soo Ae brightening sheet mask, and Murad clarifying acne cleanser. So click through our 13 favorite skin-care products at Walmart, then enjoy the fact that your next shopping trip is about to get *so* much easier. MORE: What To Buy at Zara For Spring 2017: All Our Favorite New Pieces 0 Thoughts? 1 of 16 Wildflowers Mattifying Moisturizer Wildflowers Mattifying Moisturizer, $33; at Walmart Photo: Wildflowers Clinique Take The Day Off Make Up Remover Clinique Take The Day Off Make Up Remover, $17.10; at Walmart Photo: Clinique Soo Ae Nature Vitamin Collagen Essence Mask Soo Ae Nature Vitamin Collagen Essence Mask, $2.50; at Walmart Photo: Soo Ae Clarins Complete Age Control Concentrate Double Serum Clarins Complete Age Control Concentrate Double Serum, $46.99; at Walmart Photo: Clarins Photo: ImaxTree Crux Supply Co. Tea Tree Toner Crux Supply Co. Tea Tree Toner, $16; at Walmart Photo: Crux Supply Co. Mad Hippie Exfoliating Serum Mad Hippie Exfoliating Serum, $24.67; at Walmart Photo: Mad Hippie Nuxe Reve De Miel Ultra Comfortable Face Night Cream Nuxe Reve De Miel Ultra Comfortable Face Night Cream, $23.73; at Walmart Photo: Nuxe SheaMoisture Coconut & Hibiscus Radiance Mud Mask SheaMoisture Coconut & Hibiscus Radiance Mud Mask, $2.50; at Walmart Photo: SheaMoisture Photo: ImaxTree Oil Essentials Soothe Lavender & Rose Hip Beauty Oil Oil Essentials Soothe Lavender & Rose Hip Beauty Oil, $5.26; at Walmart Photo: Oil Essentials Desert Essence Face Wash Desert Essence Face Wash, $8.11; at Walmart Photo: Desert Essence Murad Clarifying Cleanser Murad Clarifying Cleanser, $27.30; at Walmart Photo: Murad Burt's Bees Natural Acne Solutions Targeted Spot Treatment Burt's Bees Natural Acne Solutions Targeted Spot Treatment, $7.98; at Walmart Photo: Burt's Bees Minerals to Go Premier Dead Sea Active Eye Cream Minerals to Go Premier Dead Sea Active Eye Cream, $26.92; at Walmart Photo: Minerals to Go Photo: ImaxTree Next slideshow starts in 10s 35 Summer Outfit Ideas to Copy 0 GOT THOUGHTS? SHARE THEM! share pin tweet tumblr 0comments Tags: products skincare walmart Promoted Stories About Us Advertise Contact Us Careers Press Signup Facebook Pinterest Tumblr Twitter Instagram Sheknows MediaBeauty and Style copyright 2017 © all rights reserved by stylecaster Privacy Policy Terms Of Use Agreement RSS Powered by WordPress.com VIP StyleCaster Fashion Fashion News Street Style Tips + Trends Shopping Celebrity Looks Beauty Makeup Hair + Nails Skin Care Health + Fitness Lifestyle Home Travel Food + Drink Love + Sex Entertainment Celebrity News TV + Movies Music Culture SCTV WANT MORE? Get STYLECASTER in your inbox STYLECASTER Daily STYLECASTER Beauty Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr Instagram About Us Advertise Contact Us Careers Press Best Deals Privacy Policy Terms Of Use RSS share Facebook Pinterest Twitter Tumblr Facebook Pinterest Twitter
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Wal-Mart and Amazon Are in a Retail Turf War Wal-Mart and Amazon could encroach further into each others' territory if these acquisitions materialize. Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) May 8, 2017 at 4:51PM The line between online and offline retail is blurring as Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) aggressively vie for consumers dollars. Amazon wants to get into grocery sales by building physical stores (Amazon Go), along with a distribution network to support AmazonFresh, its model for ordering online and picking up in-store. Wal-Mart already has a solid physical presence in the grocery market with 600 locations spread across 100 markets, and its items are also cheaper. This isn't going to keep Amazon from making a bigger bet in offline retail as the company is reportedly interested in buying warehouse retailer BJ's Wholesale Club, according to the New York Post. Why Amazon could be interested in buying BJ's According to The Post's sources, the private equity investors controlling BJ's are looking to fetch a price of $4 billion for the warehouse retailer, which went private in 2011. The New York Post's source goes on to state that Amazon has "recently discussed evaluating BJ's as an acquisition target," though it is not known if the online retailer is going to make a bid. Amazon's bid for BJ's shouldn't be ruled out because the move would fast-track its ambition of getting into offline retail. BJ's operates 213 warehouse clubs and 130 gas stations spread across 15 states in the U.S., selling merchandise such as electronics, groceries, auto parts, and other home-related items. As it turns out, Amazon is facing difficulty in building warehouses quickly enough to satisfy the booming demand for an ever-growing product selection. This has led to a massive jump in order fulfillment costs in recent quarters, forcing the company to spend more money to ensure faster delivery of goods. The only way Amazon can bring down its fulfillment costs is by building more warehouses. Its fulfillment costs in the fourth quarter of 2016 fell over 20% year over year as 23 of 26 new warehouses were added in the second half. By comparison, the company's fulfillment costs had jumped 34% in the first half of 2016. BJ's Wholesale might give Amazon the much-needed warehouse space it needs to slash fulfillment costs, while also supporting the company's grocery ambitions. BJ's could also become the springboard for Amazon's rumored move into furniture and home appliances. Image source: Amazon.  According to a New York Times report, Amazon is exploring the idea of selling furniture and home appliances through physical retail stores, allowing people to figure out how a piece of furniture will look inside their home using augmented or virtual reality. BJ's Wholesale Club, then, could play multiple roles for Amazon as it tries to expand its offline presence and go head-to-head with Wal-Mart across different categories. Wal-Mart's latest salvo Industry sources cited by The Guardian indicate that Wal-Mart is on track to buy online men's fashion retailer Bonobos for $300 million, which has a hybrid online and offline retail operation. Customers can walk into its physical locations that work as fitting rooms, carrying no inventory inside the store and fulfilling no orders on site, with purchases sent directly to customers from warehouses. Bonobos' business model has gained rapid traction in just a few years, with the company's 2015 sales being pegged at $100 million as against $40 million in 2012. Wal-Mart, therefore, could try to leverage the platform's growing popularity to shake Amazon's dominance in the apparel space, but this isn't going to be easy. Investment bank Cowen and Company believes Amazon is on track to become the largest apparel retailer in the U.S. this year.  Wal-Mart sold $23 billion worth of apparel last year, so investors will expect it to use the existing infrastructure to push online clothing sales. But this seems like a long shot as just 3% of the big-box retailer's total sales come from the online channel, so its online apparel sales could be less than $700 million at this rate. Wal-Mart's success in the apparel space is far from guaranteed even if it acquires Bonobos, given Amazon's strong lead. However, if Amazon ends up taking over BJ's Wholesale Club, then not only can it push its physical retail ambitions and take the fight to Wal-Mart, but it can also boost its bottom line by reducing fulfillment costs. Harsh Chauhan has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Harsh Chauhan (TechJunk13) Harsh has been covering technology, and sometimes retail, since 2011. He is focused on finding great businesses for the long run. You can follow him on twitter @techjunk13 Article Info May 8, 2017 at 4:51PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $76.12 down $0.38 (-0.50%) Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $949.04 up $14.89 (1.59%) Read More Amazon's Newest Product Wants to Judge Your Outfit 3 Stocks to Buy and Never Sell Will Virtual Assistants Revolutionize Home Automation? 4 Things Amazon.com, Inc. Management Wants Investors to Know Amazon Is Betting Big on India Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Wal-Mart and Amazon Are in a Retail Turf War @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $AMZN
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Northeast Arkansas legislators want common sense changes to state’s tax code Gov. Hutchinson reappoints members to workforce development, makes other appointments UAFS students tackle awareness gap with financial aid, student debt U.S. Treasury buys Little Rock-based Onebanc shares at auction, opens door for bank sale Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Northeast Arkansas legislators want common sense changes to state’s tax code Gov. Hutchinson reappoints members to workforce development, makes other appointments In defense of Goldilocks TB&P Daily: John Brummett on French elections, the Trump factor, state and federal healthcare and judicial impeachment Senate President, House Speaker name members to tax overhaul task force Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Northeast Arkansas legislators want common sense changes to state’s tax code UAFS students tackle awareness gap with financial aid, student debt Governor names Lucas Pointer to NWACC board Contractors could get incentives for early completion of Northwest Arkansas road projects Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: John Brummett on French elections, the Trump factor, state and federal healthcare and judicial impeachment Governor says healthcare needs more personal responsibility; clemency request to be reviewed this week New House Minority Leader Whitaker taking balanced approach to battles AG Rutledge says mid-May the earliest that new Arkansas execution schedule could be set in motion Senate President Dismang shares thoughts on healthcare, taxes and executions Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail The Supply Side: Fayetteville entrepreneurs gear up for Wal-Mart’s fourth ‘Open Call’ ArcBest reports $7.40 million loss, stock down 20% Johnelle Hunt tells life story to trucking executives, ATA members USA Truck posts first quarter loss of $4.9 million, predicts an income gain in the third quarter Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us The Supply Side: Fayetteville entrepreneurs gear up for Wal-Mart’s fourth ‘Open Call’ BusinessLatest NewsThe Supply Side by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 11 hours ago 45 views  Tags: The Supply Side 0 SHARES Share Tweet Hugh and Nicole Jarratt of Fayetteville have enjoyed success pitching their inventions to Wal-Mart Stores at the retailer’s “Made in the USA” Open Call, getting contracts for three separate items — taco plates, double dipper bowls and wader socks, a seasonal item. Wal-Mart was interested in another product pitched last year, Hugh Jarratt said, but the timing didn’t work for the apparel buyer. During the event, potential suppliers have the opportunity to meet with the company’s senior leaders and merchants to pitch their products for the chance to have them sold at Wal-Mart, on Walmart.com and Sam’s Club. The Jarratts are attorneys by trade and inventors by nature. They have applied to present another product at the Open Call on June 28. Hugh Jarratt said Wal-Mart will notify applicants beginning May 26 of their appointment times, and they are eager to hear. They declined to share what their latest invention is until patent protection is granted in early May. They did say it’s in a completely different category from their other products so this will be a brand new buyer acquaintance for them. (Talk Business & Politics-Northwest Arkansas Business Journal will report on that item once the couple gets patent clearance.) TACO BOWL SUCCESS The Jarratts recently had their annual line review for the taco plates, which Wal-Mart contracted to buy in its inaugural Open Call in June 2014. The couple said the taco plates are now sold in 4,000 Wal-Mart stores across the country — every supercenter in the continental U.S. The plastic taco plate and its complementary double dipper bowl, which was Nicole Jarratt’s invention, are selling well. “The line review with our buyer went very well,” Hugh Jarratt said. “The taco plate sales are up 27%, above the goals set by Wal-Mart. The double dipper bowls just got into stores in March, and the initial 188,000 have sold through. And now we are replenishing the stores as needed.” The couple praised a local manufacturer — Polytech Plastics in Prairie Grove. Nicole, attorney and now stay-at-home mom to their two young sons, said she has been everything from packer to troubleshooter for the couple’s products sold in retail. Having a local manufacturer has been invaluable, she said. Earlier this year, when Polytech was running double dipper bowls for the initial Wal-Mart order, she said it was a Saturday night, and her parents were in town. So they got a babysitter and set out to have an adult dinner and movie — which was a rarity for the busy couple. While at the movie, Hugh got a text from Polytech co-owner John McCutcheon, who was running into trouble getting the labels on the double dipper bowls to adhere to the products coming off the production line. “I hailed an Uber ride back to the house, got into my truck and drove down to Prairie Grove to see what could be done,” he said. “We had only a few days to get this order shipped, and we didn’t want to miss the initial order. We couldn’t have a product ship with labels peeling off. That would have been a catastrophe.” Nicole said she got on the phone to the label makers in Texarkana, which is owned by family friends. Over the next 24 hours they figured out the product was too hot coming off the line for the label to properly stick. “Polytech reset the heat levels, and the catastrophe was averted,” she said. “We shipped out on time and in full, which is very important to Wal-Mart. You know it takes nearly two years to get the products into the stores once the contract is given at Open Call. It’s a marathon, and it requires due diligence throughout the process. Wal-Mart has been so great to work with us, and our plastics manufacturer Polytech now takes care of the production, packing and shipping.” SEASONAL SOCKS The Wader Socks — made in North Carolina — were picked by Walmart U.S. in 2015 and were a seasonal item that sold well in the Southern stores. But, the Jarratts said a hiccup in the corporate buyer realm postponed the product making it to the Northern stores ahead of hunting season. The retailer did not pick up the socks for a second year, but the couple said the product does well online and in outdoor specialty stores. Nicole pitched a ladies’ boot sock, but found out quickly the lead time for apparel is two years. She said the buyer really liked the product she pitched in the summer of 2016, but said the earliest she could give an order for winter socks would be late 2017 or early 2018. “I am not giving up on the boot socks, because the buyer told me it was one of the most innovative products she has seen,” she said. “I am hopeful to get a contract on them in the coming months. Those socks would also be made in North Carolina.” The boot socks were an invention out of need, which Nicole said was the same for the wader socks, taco plates and double dipper bowls. She said the couple just invents things to make their lives easier and then tries to see if there is a market for their ideas. MANUFACTURING PUSH The Jarratts say doing business with Wal-Mart has been a surreal experience, and sometimes they still can’t believe they are Walmart U.S. suppliers, all made possible because of the first Open Call in 2014. The Open Call came four years ago after Wal-Mart pledged to buy an additional $250 billion of U.S. made products over a 10-year period. With this initiative, Wal-Mart also has vowed to help suppliers onshore production where possible, helping to create more U.S. manufacturing jobs around the country. While there have been some naysayers about this initiative, Harry Moser, founder of Chicago-based Reshoring Initiative, praises Wal-Mart for the work it’s done to help support more U.S. manufacturing jobs since 2013. He said Wal-Mart’s initiative has been the largest driver of reshoring jobs in the manufacturing sector. Since 2010, the creation of more than 300,000 manufacturing jobs have been announced, representing more than 30% of the 939,000 manufacturing jobs added from the low of February 2010 until March 2017, according to Moser. ––––––––––––––––– Editor’s note: This story was first published in the May 1 edition of the Northwest Arkansas Business Journal. The Supply Side section of Talk Business & Politics focuses on the companies, organizations, issues and individuals engaged in providing products and services to retailers. The Supply Side is managed by Talk Business & Politics and sponsored by Propak Logistics. Comments comments Previous post Real Deals: Fayetteville retail center attracts buyer for $3.69 million Next post TB&P Daily: John Brummett on French elections, the Trump factor, state and federal healthcare and judicial impeachment Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Robert Coon In defense of Goldilocks Todd Turner Deceptive Trade Practices Act changes will harm Arkansas consumers Megan Hargraves Changes to Deceptive Trade Practices Act will make Arkansas more business-friendly Micah Whitfield Reviewing the ‘bargain branding’ rules Laura Andress Recruiting ‘outside the box’ Latest Popular Northeast Arkansas legislators want common sense changes to state’s tax code 4 hours ago Gov. Hutchinson reappoints members to workforce development, makes other appointments 5 hours ago UAFS students tackle awareness gap with financial aid, student debt 5 hours ago U.S. Treasury buys Little Rock-based Onebanc shares at auction, opens door for bank sale 5 hours ago In defense of Goldilocks 8 hours ago Fort Smith City Administrator admits city should have told citizens about recycling problem 12,955 views At Home adding Arkansas location near Interstate 49 in Rogers 4,459 views Recycling claims made by Fort Smith officials different from recycling company info 4,219 views Fort Smith spent an estimated $182,000 running recycling routes while not recycling 3,962 views Fort Smith official admits recycling issue began in June, questions arise about funding support for program 1,443 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Financial PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Subscribe News Retail & Marketing Retail & Marketing TrendingHome Capital | NAFTA | Taxes | Bombardier | Canadian dollar | Family Finance The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Sears: One of the most monumental collapses in business history Kim Bhasin and Lance Lambert, Bloomberg News | May 8, 2017 10:17 AM ET More from Bloomberg News Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon In 1989, Sears Roebuck & Co. ruled America as its biggest retailer. It loomed over rivals from a perch high above Chicago, inside what was once the world’s tallest building–one bearing the company’s name. The fall from that height may finally be nearing an end. Over the course of almost three decades, the company experienced what industry observers described as one of the most monumental collapses in business history. Despite its union with Kmart–the second-largest retailer from that era–and a stated belief that it can still turn things around, Sears is teetering on the edge of disaster. The latest bad news was revealed in March, when Sears acknowledged “substantial doubt” about its future, sending the stock plummeting, its worst decline in more than two years. S&P Global Market Intelligence declared Sears the U.S. retailer most vulnerable to defaulting in the next year. A Fitch Ratings study of retail bankruptcies also listed it as a company with a high risk of failure. The combined decline of Sears and Kmart, in terms of sales, is unprecedented, said Greg Portell, an analyst at A.T. Kearney. The seeds were planted by poor decision-making in the 1980s, during which time the company made a real estate play instead of focusing on selling stuff. No senior executive over the next 28 years was able to put stops in place to prevent the slide. “The management mistake that Sears made, in retrospect, was that they never got to a spot where they could stop the free fall,” said Portell. Related Sears Canada eyes groceries and dash buttons amid transformation, reports quarterly loss ‘Abolish it’: Sears disavows department store model with new pop-up location, merchandise It has been a slow, painful fall for these once-dominant brands. Sears, in particular, was synonymous with suburban American consumerism. It dominated retail and changed the way people shopped through its revolutionary catalog business–the Amazon.com of its era. Kmart accomplished a lot as well, rising to a spot right behind Sears by peppering the nation with its Super Center big box shops and luring droves of shoppers with the promise of deep discounts, including of course the Blue Light Special. In 1994, Sears and Kmart raked in a combined $111.4 billion , compared with powerhouse discounter Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s haul of $111.9 billion . All three retailers ranked in the top 15 in revenue, among companies in all industries, in 1995. Since then, they’ve gone in different directions. Sears and Kmart have watched their customer bases shrink amid a never-ending string of store closures. Wal-Mart’s sales grew almost fourfold over the next decade, as the behemoth tripled its locations and embarked on mass international expansion. Sears and Kmart each chose to trudge along, with little change in strategy. “You’ve got young people today that don’t even recognize Sears as a place where they would go.” In 2002, Kmart filed for bankruptcy protection after years of weak sales and stiff competition from Wal-Mart. The chain and its 2,100 or so stores were in dire shape, gasping under a pile of debt while unable to get enough shoppers through the doors. At one point, Kmart’s biggest food distributor stopped shipments after the retailer was unable to make payments. Kmart would emerge from bankruptcy under the control of hedge fund billionaire Eddie S. Lampert and his firm, ESL Investments. Then came the merger, which at the time was the biggest tie-up in the annals of retail. Since then, Sears and Kmart have been slowly dismantled by Lampert. Implementing a culture of warring tribes, one in which divisions would battle it out for resources, little cash was funneled back into reviving physical stores. Chunks of the business were sold to keep the lights on. In January, the company sold the famous tool brand Craftsman to Stanley Black & Decker Inc. for about $900 million.  “He did nothing to maintain the stores — nothing to spiff them up and make them a nice place to go shopping,” said Robin Lewis, a longtime industry analyst and chief executive of the Robin Report. “You’ve got young people today that don’t even recognize Sears as a place where they would go. I think people will just forget about it.” Once, Sears was the disruptor–not the disrupted. When the Sears catalog first appeared on doorsteps in the 1890s, it fundamentally changed how Americans shopped. Back then, much of the population lived in rural areas, and they bought almost everything from little shops at rural junctions. These general stores had limited selection and charged exorbitant prices. They were the only game in town. “The Sears catalog had an even bigger impact in 1900 than Amazon has had today,” said Robert Gordon, a professor at Northwestern University and author of The Rise and Fall of American Growth. Like today’s e-commerce powerhouse, the Sears catalog provided shoppers more choice than ever before, and at lower prices. Sears freed shoppers from the tyranny of the local general merchant and improved their living standards. “The cost of living went down the minute Sears became available,” said Gordon. The Sears catalog had an even bigger impact in 1900 than Amazon has had today Searching for parallels of Sears’s fall through business history, Gordon could find none.  “There is nothing like the decline of Sears and Kmart,” he said. Howard Riefs, a spokesman for Sears, said the company has made strides in combining physical stores with digital initiatives, such as allowing consumers to purchase online items they can later pick up in person. As for the risk disclosed in the March filing, Riefs said that while historical performance prompted that statement, Sears’s financial plans and forecast “do not reflect the continuation of that performance.” Sears is focused on improving and has made “decisive actions” in recent months, he said. “As shopping behaviours have changed–our focus is on how we can make shopping easier,” said Riefs. “We believe the key is to truly integrate the shopping channels. It’s a combination of store and online and mobile. It’s not just one thing anymore.” Adjusted into 2017 dollars Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: News, Retail & Marketing, Sears Holding Corporation Find a Story Stock Search News Videos More from Retail & Marketing Hudson’s Bay taps debt adviser amid Neiman Marcus bid challenges, sources say Canadian Cuppa: Tim Hortons CEO brushes aside skepticism of ambitious U.K. expansion plans Loblaw CEO Galen G. Weston says company is watching marijuana legislation Beleaguered Sobeys owner announces sweeping overhaul aimed at $500 million in annual savings High court will hear cross-border beer case ‘of polarizing national interest’ Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Subscribe Manage Account LOG IN Don't Miss Rental neighborhood pitched for Maple Grove Charter school pitched in northeast Minneapolis Whatever happened to St. Paul’s Island Station? Top Transactions: Edina condo buyer spends $2.55M on 3 units Rental project near Vikings stadium still $8M short Uponor to expand again in Apple Valley Roseville apartments pitched as affordable, green Just Sold: Work to start on $20 million Eden Prairie apartments Dorothy Day hits $40M fundraising milestone Why Ackerberg is proceeding with final MoZaic phase Finance & Commerce News Business & Economy Construction & Development Economic Development Finance & Banking Real Estate Regional Planning & Transit Nation & World In Brief Regular Features Building Blocks How To Just Sold MN Snapshot Point Person Sustainable Top Transactions Special Sections Health Care Top Women in Finance Progress Minnesota Top Projects Twin Cities Tenant Focus on Data Center Construction Focus on Commercial Real Estate Health Care Sector Transit-Oriented Development Investment Guide 2014 State of the Construction Industry Experts Forum How to Make Mixed-Income Housing Happen Cybersecurity Public Notices Public Notices Submit a Public Notice Events CRE Class 130 Year Anniversary Progress Minnesota Top Projects Top Women in Finance Advertising Advertise Digital Marketing Marketplace Reprints Subscribe Classifieds Sponsored Trackers Rochester on the Rise Tracker Hotel Development and Sales Tracker Apartment Development Tracker Apartment Sales Tracker Subscribe Manage Account News Business & Economy Construction & Development Economic Development Finance & Banking Real Estate Regional Planning & Transit Nation & World In Brief Regular Features Building Blocks How To Just Sold MN Snapshot Point Person Sustainable Top Transactions Special Sections Health Care Top Women in Finance Progress Minnesota Top Projects Twin Cities Tenant Focus on Data Center Construction Focus on Commercial Real Estate Health Care Sector Transit-Oriented Development Investment Guide 2014 State of the Construction Industry Experts Forum How to Make Mixed-Income Housing Happen Cybersecurity Public Notices Public Notices Submit a Public Notice Events CRE Class 130 Year Anniversary Progress Minnesota Top Projects Top Women in Finance Advertising Advertise Digital Marketing Marketplace Reprints Subscribe Classifieds Sponsored Trackers Rochester on the Rise Tracker Hotel Development and Sales Tracker Apartment Development Tracker Apartment Sales Tracker Home / Nation & World / The unprecedented fall of Sears Once a dominant force in retail, Sears Holding Corp. now has only eight Sears stores in Minnesota, including this store at 425 Rice St. in St. Paul, as well as 23 Sears Hometown stores, two Sears Appliance Outlets and six Kmart stores. (File photo: Bill Klotz) The unprecedented fall of Sears By: Bloomberg News May 8, 2017 12:54 pm 0 In 1989, Sears Roebuck & Co. ruled America as its biggest retailer. It loomed over rivals from a perch high above Chicago, inside what was once the world’s tallest building—one bearing the company’s name. The fall from that height may finally be nearing an end. Over the course of almost three decades, the company experienced what industry observers described as one of the most monumental collapses in business history. Despite its union with Kmart — the second-largest retailer from that era — and a stated belief that it can still turn things around, Sears is teetering on the edge of disaster. The latest bad news was revealed in March, when Sears acknowledged “substantial doubt” about its future, sending the stock plummeting, its worst decline in more than two years. S&P Global Market Intelligence declared Sears the U.S. retailer most vulnerable to defaulting in the next year. A Fitch Ratings study of retail bankruptcies also listed it as a company with a high risk of failure. The combined decline of Sears and Kmart, in terms of sales, is unprecedented, said Greg Portell, an analyst at A.T. Kearney. The seeds were planted by poor decision-making in the 1980s, during which time the company made a real estate play instead of focusing on selling stuff. No senior executive over the next 28 years was able to put stops in place to prevent the slide. “The management mistake that Sears made, in retrospect, was that they never got to a spot where they could stop the free fall,” said Portell. It has been a slow, painful fall for these once-dominant brands. Sears, in particular, was synonymous with suburban American consumerism. It dominated retail and changed the way people shopped through its revolutionary catalog business — the Amazon.com of its era. Kmart accomplished a lot as well, rising to a spot right behind Sears by peppering the nation with its Super Center big box shops and luring droves of shoppers with the promise of deep discounts, including of course the Blue Light Special. In 1994, Sears and Kmart raked in a combined $111.4 billion, compared with powerhouse discounter Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s haul of $111.9 billion. All three retailers ranked in the top 15 in revenue, among companies in all industries, in 1995. Since then, they’ve gone in different directions. Sears and Kmart have watched their customer bases shrink amid a never-ending string of store closures. Wal-Mart’s sales grew almost fourfold over the next decade, as the behemoth tripled its locations and embarked on mass international expansion. Sears and Kmart each chose to trudge along, with little change in strategy. In 2002, Kmart filed for bankruptcy protection after years of weak sales and stiff competition from Wal-Mart. The chain and its 2,100 or so stores were in dire shape, gasping under a pile of debt while unable to get enough shoppers through the doors. At one point, Kmart’s biggest food distributor stopped shipments after the retailer was unable to make payments. Kmart would emerge from bankruptcy under the control of hedge fund billionaire Eddie S. Lampert and his firm, ESL Investments. Then came the merger, which at the time was the biggest tie-up in the annals of retail. Since then, Sears and Kmart have been slowly dismantled by Lampert. Implementing a culture of warring tribes, one in which divisions would battle it out for resources, little cash was funneled back into reviving physical stores. Chunks of the business were sold to keep the lights on. In January, the company sold the famous tool brand Craftsman to Stanley Black & Decker Inc. for about $900 million. “He did nothing to maintain the stores — nothing to spiff them up and make them a nice place to go shopping,” said Robin Lewis, a longtime industry analyst and chief executive of the Robin Report. “You’ve got young people today that don’t even recognize Sears as a place where they would go. I think people will just forget about it.” Once, Sears was the disruptor — not the disrupted. When the Sears catalog first appeared on doorsteps in the 1890s, it fundamentally changed how Americans shopped. Back then, much of the population lived in rural areas, and they bought almost everything from little shops at rural junctions. These general stores had limited selection and charged exorbitant prices. They were the only game in town. “The Sears catalog had an even bigger impact in 1900 than Amazon has had today,” said Robert Gordon, a professor at Northwestern University and author of The Rise and Fall of American Growth. Like today’s e-commerce powerhouse, the Sears catalog provided shoppers more choice than ever before, and at lower prices. Sears freed shoppers from the tyranny of the local general merchant and improved their living standards. “The cost of living went down the minute Sears became available,” said Gordon. Searching for parallels of Sears’ fall through business history, Gordon could find none. “There is nothing like the decline of Sears and Kmart,” he said. Howard Riefs, a spokesman for Sears, said the company has made strides in combining physical stores with digital initiatives, such as allowing consumers to purchase online items they can later pick up in person. As for the risk disclosed in the March filing, Riefs said that while historical performance prompted that statement, Sears’s financial plans and forecast “do not reflect the continuation of that performance.” Sears is focused on improving and has made “decisive actions” in recent months, he said. “As shopping behaviors have changed—our focus is on how we can make shopping easier,” said Riefs. “We believe the key is to truly integrate the shopping channels. It’s a combination of store and online and mobile. It’s not just one thing anymore.” Share this: Print Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google 12:54 pm Mon, May 8, 2017 Finance & Commerce Bloomberg News Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website   Latest Posts Rental neighborhood pitched for Maple Grove May 8, 2017 4:07 pm Charter school pitched in northeast Minneapolis May 8, 2017 2:56 pm Whatever happened to St. Paul’s Island Station? May 8, 2017 7:02 am Top Transactions: Edina condo buyer spends $2.55M on 3 units May 6, 2017 7:02 am Rental project near Vikings stadium still $8M short May 5, 2017 4:12 pm Uponor to expand again in Apple Valley May 5, 2017 2:56 pm Roseville apartments pitched as affordable, green May 5, 2017 2:33 pm Editors’ Picks Our best, right now. Whatever happened to St. Paul’s Island Station? by Hank Long | May. 8 Top Transactions: Edina condo buyer spends $2.55M on 3 units by Anne Bretts | May. 6 Rental project near Vikings stadium still $8M short by Clare Kennedy | May. 5 Uponor to expand again in Apple Valley by Brian Johnson | May. 5 Just Sold: Work to start on $20 million Eden Prairie apartments by Anne Bretts | May. 5 In Brief Vegas-based sandwich chain to enter Twin Cities May 8, 2017 4:14 pm UrbanWorks promotes three to principal May 8, 2017 4:13 pm Mike Ryan named north region senior VP May 8, 2017 3:35 pm Most-read stories: Week of May 1 May 8, 2017 11:16 am Edina Realty names Sharry Schmid president May 5, 2017 2:46 pm Features Sustainable: Green Building Council expanding focus May 2, 2017 7:02 am Building Blocks: 333 on the Park April 21, 2017 7:02 am Sustainable: Energy partnership targets public housing April 4, 2017 7:02 am Sustainable: Organizations warming to geothermal energy March 7, 2017 7:03 am Nation & World Trump’s door open to construction unions May 8, 2017 2:53 pm New York condo REIT seeks investors online May 8, 2017 12:56 pm The unprecedented fall of Sears May 8, 2017 12:54 pm U.S. employers add strong 211,000 jobs in April May 5, 2017 11:27 am Lending to small businesses in a state of flux May 5, 2017 10:26 am Get the Morning Memo Subscribe to F&C's free email alert and receive business news updates every weekday. Email Address * Twitter Buzz My Tweets Most-Read Content Rental project near Vikings stadium still $8M short Whatever happened to St. Paul’s Island Station? Top Transactions: Edina condo buyer spends $2.55M on 3 units Uponor to expand again in Apple Valley Roseville apartments pitched as affordable, green Experts Forum: How to Make Mixed-Income Housing Happen Golf Special Section Profiles of Progress MN 2017 honorees Health Care Special Section Digital Edition The Digital Edition of Finance & Commerce is available to both print and online subscribers. Current edition Recent Comments Jeremiah: If you look at the average rental rates in cities like Seatt... Zach Pasdoe: If you look at what has been built or what is currently unde... Eddie Rogers: I will believe it when I see it.... My Account LOG IN SUBSCRIBE MANAGE ACCOUNT PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBER AGREEMENT Recent Posts May 9, 2017 Digital Edition Vegas-based sandwich chain to enter Twin Cities UrbanWorks promotes three to principal Rental neighborhood pitched for Maple Grove Mike Ryan named north region senior VP Finance and Commerce ABOUT CONTACT US ADVERTISE REPRINTS FREQUENTLY ASKED QUESTIONS Copyright © 2017 Finance and Commerce | Suite 2300, Campbell Mithun Tower, 222 South Ninth Street, Minneapolis, MN 55402 | (612) 333-4244
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page GST Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page GST BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Bs Learning Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               Company Science & Technology News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » Companies » News Indian IT looks at fixed price deals to squeeze higher margins Business Standard Kitex brands to be sold through Walmart, Target in US Kitex, incorporated in 1992, entered the US market as a supplier to mass market brand Gerber T E Narasimhan  |  Chennai  May 8, 2017 Last Updated at 18:14 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UVfpHT Kitex Garments. Image: Website screenshot ALSO READ Kitex brands to be sold through Walmart, Target, other US retailers Kitex Garments falls over 10% on disappointing Q4 numbers We aren't looking at new states for store roll-out: Walmart India CEO Kitex Garments surges on bonus issue plan Walmart senior executive Ostale in India visit Kitex Garments, a Kerala-based infant garments maker, has made inroads with Walmart, Target and some other US retail giants. Its two brands will be sold through the network of these retailer chains' networks and it expects to clock $50 million annually from that market in two years. The BSE-listed entity says it aims to become the largest infant clothing brand in the country by the end of this financial year, doubling its annual turnover to Rs 1,000 crore by 2020. Sabu Jacob, chairman and managing director, said they'd invested $1 million in Kitex USA, their arm in that country. Another Rs 240 crore will go over the next two years into expanding of capacity in Kerala. The supply arrangement to Walmart and the other US retailers were after visits by teams from there and checking of samples. "Everything went well, production has started and from September onwards, shipment will start to Walmart," said Jacob. Kitex, incorporated in 1992, entered the US market as a supplier to mass market brand Gerber. Its client list has since expanded considerably. The US subsidiary was floated around 18 monhs earlier, to cater to retail giants directly. In the US, Kitex wants to target the mass market by making items 10-15 per cent cheaper. "We are thinking by 2020, the US business would be $50 million a year. We expect to double that," said Jacob. Kitex also has an amibitious plan to become the gloabbly biggest maker of infant wear, in terms of volume. Today, the largest manufacturer is China's Wingloo, with a capacity of 7.5-800,000 items a day, followed by Singapore's Gimmell with a capacity of 700,000 pieces a day. Kitex says it expects to increase own capacity to over 800,000 a day over two years and to a million items by the end of 2020. The Rs 240 crore investment mentioned earlier for this would be funded through internal accrual and debt. Read More On Kitex | Walmart | Target | Companies | News PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements Cover from Natural Calamities. Buy Home Insurance Open a demat account with Sharekhan & learn online trading. Super Saver Health Insurance For Your Family Cover from Earthquake & Floods. Buy Home Insurance New to investing in shares? Get a Forex Card at 0 Currency Conversion Charges. Rs 2 lakh health coverage @ Rs 8* per day New to the Stock Market? Take your FirstStep Kitex brands to be sold through Walmart, Target in US Kitex, incorporated in 1992, entered the US market as a supplier to mass market brand Gerber Kitex Garments, a Kerala-based infant garments maker, has made inroads with Walmart, Target and some other US retail giants. Its two brands will be sold through the network of these retailer chains' networks and it expects to clock $50 million annually from that market in two years.The BSE-listed entity says it aims to become the largest infant clothing brand in the country by the end of this financial year, doubling its annual turnover to Rs 1,000 crore by 2020.Sabu Jacob, chairman and managing director, said they'd invested $1 million in Kitex USA, their arm in that country. Another Rs 240 crore will go over the next two years into expanding of capacity in Kerala.The supply arrangement to Walmart and the other US retailers were after visits by teams from there and checking of samples. "Everything went well, production has started and from September onwards, shipment will start to Walmart," said Jacob.Kitex, incorporated in 1992, entered the US market as a supplier to mass market ... Kitex Garments, a Kerala-based infant garments maker, has made inroads with Walmart, Target and some other US retail giants. Its two brands will be sold through the network of these retailer chains' networks and it expects to clock $50 million annually from that market in two years. The BSE-listed entity says it aims to become the largest infant clothing brand in the country by the end of this financial year, doubling its annual turnover to Rs 1,000 crore by 2020. Sabu Jacob, chairman and managing director, said they'd invested $1 million in Kitex USA, their arm in that country. Another Rs 240 crore will go over the next two years into expanding of capacity in Kerala. The supply arrangement to Walmart and the other US retailers were after visits by teams from there and checking of samples. "Everything went well, production has started and from September onwards, shipment will start to Walmart," said Jacob. Kitex, incorporated in 1992, entered the US market as a supplier to mass market brand Gerber. Its client list has since expanded considerably. The US subsidiary was floated around 18 monhs earlier, to cater to retail giants directly. In the US, Kitex wants to target the mass market by making items 10-15 per cent cheaper. "We are thinking by 2020, the US business would be $50 million a year. We expect to double that," said Jacob. Kitex also has an amibitious plan to become the gloabbly biggest maker of infant wear, in terms of volume. Today, the largest manufacturer is China's Wingloo, with a capacity of 7.5-800,000 items a day, followed by Singapore's Gimmell with a capacity of 700,000 pieces a day. Kitex says it expects to increase own capacity to over 800,000 a day over two years and to a million items by the end of 2020. The Rs 240 crore investment mentioned earlier for this would be funded through internal accrual and debt. T E Narasimhan Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Kitex brands to be sold through Walmart, Target in US Kitex, incorporated in 1992, entered the US market as a supplier to mass market brand Gerber Kitex Garments, a Kerala-based infant garments maker, has made inroads with Walmart, Target and some other US retail giants. Its two brands will be sold through the network of these retailer chains' networks and it expects to clock $50 million annually from that market in two years. The BSE-listed entity says it aims to become the largest infant clothing brand in the country by the end of this financial year, doubling its annual turnover to Rs 1,000 crore by 2020. Sabu Jacob, chairman and managing director, said they'd invested $1 million in Kitex USA, their arm in that country. Another Rs 240 crore will go over the next two years into expanding of capacity in Kerala. The supply arrangement to Walmart and the other US retailers were after visits by teams from there and checking of samples. "Everything went well, production has started and from September onwards, shipment will start to Walmart," said Jacob. Kitex, incorporated in 1992, entered the US market as a supplier to mass market brand Gerber. Its client list has since expanded considerably. The US subsidiary was floated around 18 monhs earlier, to cater to retail giants directly. In the US, Kitex wants to target the mass market by making items 10-15 per cent cheaper. "We are thinking by 2020, the US business would be $50 million a year. We expect to double that," said Jacob. Kitex also has an amibitious plan to become the gloabbly biggest maker of infant wear, in terms of volume. Today, the largest manufacturer is China's Wingloo, with a capacity of 7.5-800,000 items a day, followed by Singapore's Gimmell with a capacity of 700,000 pieces a day. Kitex says it expects to increase own capacity to over 800,000 a day over two years and to a million items by the end of 2020. The Rs 240 crore investment mentioned earlier for this would be funded through internal accrual and debt. T E Narasimhan Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Indiabulls Housing Finance Indian Oil Corporation Ltd. IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget Insight Out Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu HELLO, WORLD An American conversant in 20 languages delights strangers in their native tongues Written by Thu-Huong Ha Obsession Language May 08, 2017 Aisles of connections. (Reuters/Lucas Jackson) Share Written by Thu-Huong Ha Obsession Language May 08, 2017 Moses McCormick has an unusual method for learning languages: Roaming the aisles of Walmart. The language coach lives in Columbus, Ohio, and as he shops he keeps his ears and eyes open for foreign languages and the people who speak them. McCormick then does an awkward social dance to try and engage with them, so he can practice the 20 or so languages he speaks on a basic conversational level. He’s managed to capture the amusement of more than just his language partners. McCormick runs a YouTube channel, laoshu505000, named after his Chinese moniker “lao shu,” meaning “mouse,” where he uploads videos to promote his online language courses. He has 10.6 million views across all his videos going back eight years. In one 1.5-hour video McCormick delights the shoppers and employees of a supermarket and a Walmart, and the customers at a Somali restaurant, by asking where they’re from, and then launching into pleasantries in their native language. He exchanges niceties with a Senegalese man in Wolof and has a lengthy exchange with a mother and daughter from Fujian, China. (Mandarin is McCormick’s strongest language besides English.) In this one outing McCormick flexes his muscles in Vietnamese, Cantonese, Korean, Somali, Spanish, and Swahili, to name a few. “Most people don’t believe I’m from America,” he tells me. “They think I’m from Africa, it’s the funniest thing.” Wearing a GoPro camera hidden in his hat (Ohio has one-party consent), McCormick captures his exchanges. The reactions in this video vary: A Vietnamese employee breaks into instant laughter and a smile; two young men from Honduras are stoic but deeply curious about his methodology; a woman from Kenya is proud of him, and insists he keep practicing. McCormick also learns as he goes. Two men tell him his way of saying “I’m married” in Somali could sound more to a native speaker like “I am a wife.” Not all the people he approaches are immediately open to talking. “I’m a 6’6” black guy, I’m approaching you, I’ve gotten—people look a little scared, I guess nervous,” he says. “They don’t understand what this guy is doing. But once this language turns on, it’s like a totally different person.” McCormick says he’s fluent in Chinese and Japanese, which by his definition means that he can express whatever he wants in the language, and can explain around any limitations in vocabulary. (That probably doesn’t track with a linguist or college language teacher’s definition, and indeed McCormick has critics online who take issue with his lack of formal training.) By my own assessment, McCormick’s aisle-wandering pays off: His Vietnamese vocabulary is pretty limited, but his pronunciation is quite good for an American. He’s largely self-taught, working from books by companies like Assimil and practicing with people he meets online and in person in Columbus. McCormick says his goal isn’t to go deep on just a few languages so he can discuss the news or read literature, nor does he focus at first on grammar—he’s far more interested in sounding natural while holding basic daily conversation. As a result, McCormick’s methodology, while it yields some pretty good advertising for his business, serves primarily to surprise and delight strangers. And that, too, is a main motivation for him. “It’s like a drug, like dopamine, for me,” says McCormick. “When I walk up to someone and speak to them…They get really excited—that’s just a couple phrases—but something about that first encounter, that’s really addictive.” Most Popular It took a century to create the weekend—and only a decade to undo it Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
Skip to content comics cosplay tv/film games Submit tip Contact CGC Insider Search for: Hasbro’s Walmart Exclusive Baby Groot Could Have Been Amazing, Settles For Pretty Cool Posted by Jeremy Konrad May 8, 2017 2 Comments Baby Groot is adorable and hilarious, and while ideally everyone should be able to get their hands on the life-size version from Hot Toys, that is not affordable for everyone. We have also already covered they weird looking ones  as well, so when I went into the toy section at my local Walmart today and saw the Walmart exclusive Baby Groot figure from Hasbro on the shelf I instantly grabbed it. And while not perfect by any means, it has its positives as well. From a packaging standpoint, this is a home run. Giant window box that shows off the entire figure, great key art from the film on the box. The diorama shot on the back of the box is awesome, and kudos to the copy editor for sticking the pun into the character description. Also I am really glad that the Walmart sticker is not obnoxiously big, keep it simple and show off that figure. If you never took this out of the box, you would have a really cool Groot collectible for your shelf. Then again, most people open their toys, and with this one that is where the problems begin. What you are seeing in the pictures up there is about all the movement you are going to get. Head, arms, and hands are the only five points of articulation on this one, which really limits the poses you can get Groot into. I would have liked to have seen some leg mobility here. This is in the style of their 12 inch line of plastic figures, so really this is just a huge chunk of plastic. I feel like 5-6 years ago the Ravenger costume would be rubber and the legs would move, but that is not where we are at in toy collecting anymore. What I will say is that the sculpt is awesome. While the suit is plastic, the detail on it is pretty great, right down to the popped collar on the jacket. Groots face is adorable, and the top of his head detail is decent, if not painted quite as well as I would hope. He is incredibly balanced on his feet, if you put him into a position, he will stay put and display very well. When it boils down to it, this one is so-so. What could have been an incredible collectible is just a missed opportunity. My daughter has spent the last 5 hours playing with Groot all over the house however, and that is what matters most. At $19.99, as a display piece I love this thing, and as a playtime companion for my daughter, it works. However, as a collectible I wish we had gotten more as a store exclusive, those tend to be where they can do a bit more. Now that they have this one, maybe down the line we can get the ultimate Hasbro Baby Groot.   About the Author Latest Posts Contact About Jeremy Konrad Jeremy Konrad loves Star Wars and collecting action figures and collectibles. He also watches wrestling, maybe more than Jude Terror. Follow him on Twitter @jeremyohio Bleeding Cool’s Top 10 Wrestlers Turned Actors (Spoiler: The Rock Is Number 1) - May 8, 2017 On This Day In Pop Culture For May 8 - May 8, 2017 Hasbro’s Walmart Exclusive Baby Groot Could Have Been Amazing, Settles For Pretty Cool - May 8, 2017 Run To Dairy Queen And Get Yourself A Guardians Of The Galaxy Blizzard Right Now - May 8, 2017 On This Day In Pop Culture For May 7 - May 7, 2017View All Posts Contact Author Name First Last Email* Your Message Author Name Author Email Comments This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. Webseries Kickstarter CheckPoint Intends To Promote Mental Health Awareness And Positive Wellbeing Through Video Games Starbreeze Will Be Hosting A StarStream To Tell You All About Their New Projects Comments ‘The Flash’ Delayed Until 2020? Seems Likely Could Batman #21 Have Actually Beaten Secret Empire #0 In April 2017 Marketshare Figures? ‘Blade Runner 2049’ Teaser For A Trailer That Looks Epic First Image Of The ‘Will And Grace’ Revival At NBC “We Shall Never Surrender” In This New ‘Dunkirk’ Trailer The Return Of Ninja Boy, Via Kickstarter, With Alé Garza And Allen Warner For Wildstorm’s 25th Anniversary… ‘Dota 2’ Announces Info For “The International 2017 Battle Pass” Image To Throw Mysterious Party At Freemason Temple During Toronto Comic Arts Festival Archie Shows Off New Poster For ‘Riverdale’ Season Finale Signings, Sketches And Tattoos – More Comic Store Plans For Free Comic Book Day 2017 comics cosplay tv/film games Forum
Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink More Gear Health & Fitness Adventure Food & Drink Style Where to Ski Now Entertainment Travel Sports Features Beer Collections Whiskey Workouts Watches Weight Loss Cars Grooming Four-Day Weekend Recipes Best Places to Live Nutrition Life Advice Gift Ideas Books Beards Subscribe Record Book Wal-Mart Patents a Button to Compete With Amazon Gear Wal-Mart Patents a Button to Compete With Amazon Credit: Luke Sharrett / Bloomberg / Getty Images by Dylan Love The Amazon Dash is famous for being a pragmatic Jetsons-like button. With one push of an internet-connected button bearing the Tide logo (or paper towel, or toilet paper, or condom logo), you order the item, which arrives at your home as quickly as Amazon can get it there. MORE: Will Amazon Go Put Grocery Stores Out of Business? It turns out America’s largest brick-and-mortar retailer — Wal-Mart — has something to say about it. Wal-Mart has filed a patent for a button that works exactly like the Amazon Dash to enable customers to more readily order with a button push from Wal-Mart’s inventory, and specifically not Amazon’s. The CB Insights post that first reported the news suggests that Wal-Mart’s logistical ecosystem could fill orders with “less effort.”  MORE: 13 Tips to Get More Out of Your Amazon Echo This should be expected. As Amazon dominates the e-commerce retail space, the responsibility falls to other retailers to compete. It certainly bears mentioning companies patent things all the time without any earnest intention to develop the innovation being documented. Apple is notorious for this, having patented everything from a smart bicycle to a snap-together laptop-tablet hybrid. Just because a company wants an idea legally protected doesn’t mean it will actually implement it. But Wal-Mart stands to win a new audience of button-pushing customers if it can put its own spin on the Amazon Dash button idea. Want More? Sign up for our newsletter to get the latest adventures, workouts, destinations, and more. Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. We may use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter and offers that may interest you, on behalf of Men's Journal and its partners. For more information please read our Privacy Policy How we use your email address Trending Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time. What is this? Mother's Day Gifts for Adventurous Moms 1 The Top 10 Adventure Dogs 2 Time to Get A New, More Colorful Pair of... 3 Lotion on a Stick: A Better Way to Moisturize 4 5 Reasons Life's Just Better With A Dog 5 6 Ways to Build Muscle While You Sleep 6 Grilled Meals to Grow Muscle 7 The Fate of Our National Monuments Is In Your... 8 © Men's Journal 2017 Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Data Policy Terms of Use Contact Us Customer Service Media Kit Sitemap
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Sears Bloomberg Kim Bhasin and Lance Lambert 21 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Bumble Bee netted in tuna price-fixing case Gander Mountain is not closing all of its stores Click to expand Replay Video Winners and losers of the Republican health care bill House Republicans have finally passed a bill to repeal and replace Obamacare. CNNMoney's Tami Luhby explains who wins and who loses if it's approved. CNN Money Amazon sweeps US market for voice-controlled speakers Amazon dominates the market for voice-controlled speakers, according to research firm eMarketer. Fred katayama reports. Reuters Warren Buffett hints Berkshire Hathaway may soon pay a dividend Warren Buffett reportedly says dividends will be paid to shareholders "reasonably soon." Veuer SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Sears Filing Sparks Concern That the End Is Near Bloomberg See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Winners and losers of the Republican health care bill CNN Money1:25 Amazon sweeps US market for voice-controlled speakers Reuters0:50 Warren Buffett hints Berkshire Hathaway may soon pay a dividend Veuer1:00 JetBlue should thrive with legroom lead The Wall Street Journal.0:31 Banks planning to move 9,000 jobs from Britain because of Brexit Wochit Business0:33 What's next for the French economy? CNBC2:10 People are trolling Dove on Twitter for releasing new soap bottles for different body types Business Insider1:36 How much are Trump's weekend trips costing? Wochit News0:49 Calif. regulations for recreational pot would limit potency, restrict accessCBS Los Angeles2:12 Here's why that huge cotton ball comes in pill bottles Business Insider1:10 Unemployment rate at lowest in 10 years CNN Money2:46 Why is Zuckerberg acting like he's running for president? CNN Money2:17 American Airlines' economy class is about to get more cramped Newsy1:14 Gin recalled for having too much alcohol Veuer0:46 Model 3: The key to Tesla's future? The Wall Street Journal.2:15 Tim Cook says iPhone rumor mill hurt sales Wochit Tech0:31 UP NEXT In 1989, Sears Roebuck & Co. ruled America as its biggest retailer. It loomed over rivals from a perch high above Chicago, inside what was once the world’s tallest building—one bearing the company’s name. The fall from that height may finally be nearing an end. Quotes in the article Sears Holdings Corp SHLD ▼ 10.55 -0.21 -1.95% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 76.12 -0.38 -0.50% Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▲ 949.04 +14.89 +1.59% Stanley Black & Decker Inc SWK ▲ 138.66 +0.05 +0.04% Over the course of almost three decades, the company experienced what industry observers described as one of the most monumental collapses in business history. Despite its union with Kmart—the second-largest retailer from that era—and a stated belief that it can still turn things around, Sears is teetering on the edge of disaster. The latest bad news was revealed in March, when Sears acknowledged “substantial doubt” about its future, sending the stock plummeting, its worst decline in more than two years. S&P Global Market Intelligence declared Sears the U.S. retailer most vulnerable to defaulting in the next year. A Fitch Ratings study of retail bankruptcies also listed it as a company with a high risk of failure. The combined decline of Sears and Kmart, in terms of sales, is unprecedented, said Greg Portell, an analyst at A.T. Kearney. The seeds were planted by poor decision-making in the 1980s, during which time the company made a real estate play instead of focusing on selling stuff. No senior executive over the next 28 years was able to put stops in place to prevent the slide. “The management mistake that Sears made, in retrospect, was that they never got to a spot where they could stop the free fall,” said Portell. It has been a slow, painful fall for these once-dominant brands. Sears, in particular, was synonymous with suburban American consumerism. It dominated retail and changed the way people shopped through its revolutionary catalog business—the Amazon.com of its era. Kmart accomplished a lot as well, rising to a spot right behind Sears by peppering the nation with its Super Center big box shops and luring droves of shoppers with the promise of deep discounts, including of course the Blue Light Special. In 1994, Sears and Kmart raked in a combined $111.4 billion , compared with powerhouse discounter Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s haul of $111.9 billion . All three retailers ranked in the top 15 in revenue, among companies in all industries, in 1995. Since then, they’ve gone in different directions. Sears and Kmart have watched their customer bases shrink amid a never-ending string of store closures. Wal-Mart’s sales grew almost fourfold over the next decade, as the behemoth tripled its locations and embarked on mass international expansion. Sears and Kmart each chose to trudge along, with little change in strategy. “You’ve got young people today that don’t even recognize Sears as a place where they would go.” Load Error In 2002, Kmart filed for bankruptcy protection after years of weak sales and stiff competition from Wal-Mart. The chain and its 2,100 or so stores were in dire shape, gasping under a pile of debt while unable to get enough shoppers through the doors. At one point, Kmart’s biggest food distributor stopped shipments after the retailer was unable to make payments. Kmart would emerge from bankruptcy under the control of hedge fund billionaire Eddie S. Lampert and his firm, ESL Investments. Then came the merger, which at the time was the biggest tie-up in the annals of retail. Since then, Sears and Kmart have been slowly dismantled by Lampert. Implementing a culture of warring tribes, one in which divisions would battle it out for resources, little cash was funneled back into reviving physical stores. Chunks of the business were sold to keep the lights on. In January, the company sold the famous tool brand Craftsman to Stanley Black & Decker Inc. for about $900 million.  “He did nothing to maintain the stores—nothing to spiff them up and make them a nice place to go shopping,” said Robin Lewis, a longtime industry analyst and chief executive of the Robin Report. “You’ve got young people today that don’t even recognize Sears as a place where they would go. I think people will just forget about it.” Once, Sears was the disruptor—not the disrupted. When the Sears catalog first appeared on doorsteps in the 1890s, it fundamentally changed how Americans shopped. Back then, much of the population lived in rural areas, and they bought almost everything from little shops at rural junctions. These general stores had limited selection and charged exorbitant prices. They were the only game in town. “The Sears catalog had an even bigger impact in 1900 than Amazon has had today,” said Robert Gordon, a professor at Northwestern University and author of The Rise and Fall of American Growth. Like today’s e-commerce powerhouse, the Sears catalog provided shoppers more choice than ever before, and at lower prices. Sears freed shoppers from the tyranny of the local general merchant and improved their living standards. “The cost of living went down the minute Sears became available,” said Gordon. Searching for parallels of Sears’s fall through business history, Gordon could find none.  “There is nothing like the decline of Sears and Kmart,” he said. Howard Riefs, a spokesman for Sears, said the company has made strides in combining physical stores with digital initiatives, such as allowing consumers to purchase online items they can later pick up in person. As for the risk disclosed in the March filing, Riefs said that while historical performance prompted that statement, Sears’s financial plans and forecast “do not reflect the continuation of that performance.” Sears is focused on improving and has made “decisive actions” in recent months, he said. “As shopping behaviors have changed—our focus is on how we can make shopping easier,” said Riefs. “We believe the key is to truly integrate the shopping channels. It’s a combination of store and online and mobile. It’s not just one thing anymore.” Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Sale, get 12 months for the price of 10 Mother’s Day is 5/14! Shop now + Free ship Hurry! Only $69 for this 8-inch NuVision tablet Save up to 50% on select Xbox games Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
  Processors PC Cases Video Cards Motherboards Storage Mobile Memory Cooling Misc News Home | Forum | Shop | RSS Search Legit Reviews News  Walmart Patent App Outlines Device that Automatically Reorders Products for You Walmart Patent App Outlines Device that Automatically Reorders Products for You Posted by Shane McGlaun | Mon, May 08, 2017 - 9:55 AM Just about every one goes into a Walmart store every now and again. Just about everyone knows how annoying the stores are as well with long lines for the four open lanes, idiots blocking the aisles chatting, and difficult to find products. Walmart had been working on ways to let shoppers buy products without actually coming to the store. One of those ways is with a personal shopper that will find your items for you, check them out, and you can just come in and pick the stuff up. Another way Walmart is looking at limiting you from having to come to the store is with a automatic reordering device that sounds similar to what Amazon is doing with the Dash reordering button. With the Dash buttons, when you run out of whatever the button is associated with you just press the button and reorder. Walmart is taking things a step further and won’t even require you to press a button reports Hot Hardware. Walmart’s patent application outlines an IoT device that would automatically reorder or upgrade commonly used items. The subscription device would associate IoT tags with items that would work with a tracking device and a management system that monitors changes in the use of items. The tags would be able to monitor when an item is used, for instance it would monitor how often you pick up a toothbrush to reorder toothpaste. The system could also be used to detect when the consumer is almost out of milk and reorder it or suggest things to go along with it like cereal or chocolate syrup. The patent app also outlines the ability to give warnings when a product has reached its expiration date. There is no indication of when or if the device might actually be made. Check out LegitReviews' Polls on LockerDome on LockerDome Tweets by @LegitReviews Explore Editorial Events Interviews News Forum Folding Shop Content Bluetooth Cooling Editorial Events Interviews Memory Misc Mobile Mods and Ends Motherboards News PC Cases Power Supply Press Releases Processors Reviews Storage Video Cards About Contact Us Disclaimer About Us Follow Us         Copyright © 2002-2017 LegitReviews.com - All Rights Reserved.  
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters E-Commerce Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading JD.com posted first quarterly profit since its Nasdaq listing  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Tech›E-Commerce Consumers Consumers JD.com posted first quarterly profit since its Nasdaq listing PUBLISHED : Monday, 08 May, 2017, 8:47pm UPDATED : Monday, 08 May, 2017, 10:44pm Comments:   Meng Jing Share PrintEmail Related topics Consumers Related Articles Companies Which is hotter – duck neck or chips? Ask a millennial 8 May 2017 Insight & Opinion Hong Kong as a shoppers’ paradise is so outdated 8 May 2017 Education & Community Hongkongers’ shopping habits among world’s unhealthiest 8 May 2017 JD.com Inc, China’s second-largest e-commerce player is focused on capitalising on Chinese consumers’ demand for quality products and its partnership with Wal-Mart to drive further growth after it posted its first quarterly profit since its Nasdaq listing in 2014. The company reported on Monday sales of 76.2 billion yuan (US$11 billion) for quarter ended March, beating analysts’ consensus at 73.5 billion yuan. The Beijing-based company, which has become an alliance of Wal-Mart since acquiring its online operation in China in 2016, earned a net profit of 239 million yuan for the quarter ended March, contrary to an estimated loss of 851 million yuan by analysts. “The strong results across the board reflect that the Chinese market is embracing our model of a high-quality online shopping experience,” said Richard Liu, Chairman and CEO of JD.com in a statement. Walmart increased its own stake in JD.com to 12.1 per cent after selling its own China e-commerce operation to JD.com in exchange for a 5 per cent stake in the Chinese e-commerce operator in June 2016. Walmart partners with JD.com to launch online store in China for British supermarket chain Asda “In particular, JD posted net profit for the first time and whilst it may slip back into losses in later quarters, the solid report today lends confidence that long-term margin targets are achievable,” said Kirk Boodry, analyst with New Street Research. JD.com has since geared up its effort to integrate with Wal-Mart’s business in China and resources around the world. In the first quarter, JD Worldwide, the company’s cross-border shopping site, partnered with ASDA, a leading UK retailer under Walmart, to bring high-quality British products from tea to biscuit to China’s increasingly sophisticated consumers. The strong results across the board reflect that the Chinese market is embracing our model of a high-quality online shopping experience Richard Liu, JD.com JD.com is also spinning off its unprofitable internet finance unit and expanding its delivery systems in China, going as far as deploying drones to battle against larger e-commerce player Alibaba Group Holding. Alibaba owns the South China Morning Post. Sidney Huang, JD.com’s Chief Financial Officer said the company will continue to invest in innovative technologies to ensure long-term growth across its platform in the quarter ahead. The company is also reportedly considering increasing its investment in Indonesia after setting up a small branch in the country in 2015. According to an earilier Bloomberg report, JD.com is in talks to inject “hundreds of millions of dollars” into PT Tokopedia, ono of Indonesia’s largest e-commerce operators. While the company said it was looking at various opportunities in the South-east Asia region, it refused to comment on market rumours. “For the next five years, we will focus on building on our basic infrastructures, including warehouses and last mile delivery system in Indonesia,” said Liu in a conference call following the release of the first quarter earnings. Tech Wrap Get updates direct to your inbox. E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: JD.com posts first profit since listing   Most Popular Viewed 1 Can a Chinese diamond test crack one of the world’s toughest codes? 2 Foxconn, other Asian suppliers prepare for iPhone 8 3 The complete guide to buying a TV 4 Tencent extends WeChat Pay to the US with focus on Chinese tourists 5 Didi is English for “hailing a ride” in China Shared 1 Can a Chinese diamond test crack one of the world’s toughest codes? 2 Foxconn, other Asian suppliers prepare for iPhone 8 3 Tencent extends WeChat Pay to the US with focus on Chinese tourists 4 Russia blocks China’s social media app WeChat 5 Didi is English for “hailing a ride” in China Commented 1 Carrie Lam must focus on world stage, says Li & Fung tycoon 2 British and US musicians arrested at Hong Kong club are released on bail 3 Colonial schools need overhaul, says former Canto-pop star 4 How Trump gave China’s ‘Belt and Road’ scheme a boost 5 Trump ‘dents US reputation’ in Southeast Asia Promotions SCMP invites you to watch The West Side Story Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now!       You may also like News Forbidden City’s treasures for the masses, at a thumb’s scroll 7 May 2017 - 10:56pm Smart-home devices begin to catch on In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Health & Beauty China pushes limits of endurance with 400km Ultra Gobi race 8 May 2017 - 5:47pm 4 Striving for equality and diversity Brought to you by: Telstra Asia North Korea detains another US citizen May 8th 2017, 4:51pm 1 China China’s Tencent ‘deeply sorry’ after Russia blocks WeChat 7 May 2017 - 2:02am 8 Hong Kong Cathay launches leadership shake-up ahead of major restructure 6 May 2017 - 11:29pm 22 Geopolitics How Macau became North Korea’s window to the world 6 May 2017 - 8:39am 5 Companies China’s rival to Airbus, Boeing completes Shanghai test flight 5 May 2017 - 11:39pm 63 Hong Kong In pictures: Hong Kong upside down 7 May 2017 - 2:00pm SCMP Originals Former lawyer dons boxing gloves to start a social enterprise May 8th 2017, 3:17pm 3 SCMP Originals Lion Rock spirit: the inspiring tale of paraplegic climber Lai Chi-wai May 8th 2017, 3:20pm South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. The Most Precious Treasures Of The Raiders Of The Lost Walmart Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share The Most Precious Treasures Of The Raiders Of The Lost Walmart May 8, 2017 9:25 am EDT By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup retail antiquities clearance items clearance shelves kmart markdowns memory sticks raiders of the lost walmart seagate sears sony mavica u.s.s. defiant walmart The Raiders of the Lost Walmart is a recurring series here at Consumerist, where the brave explorers who read this site excavate their local discount stores, finding ancient treasures along the way. What we mean is that readers send us pictures of overpriced electronics that are obsolete or even unusable, and that will probably never leave the clearance shelves. Earlier this year, the series reached its fifth anniversary, and we thought that we’d take a look back at the most interesting and least useful items that readers have sent to us over that half-decade. Grab your Zune and your iPhone 3G, and let’s revisit overpriced gadgets of years past. It began back in 2012 when a reader submitted a photo of an early flash drive with an appealing sales pitch. The drive holds the equivalent of 256 floppy disks, so it was like carrying 256 floppies on your keychain. “You’ll be bringing your kids in here some day, and these will still be here,” an employee told reader Joseph. That’s probably true. It’s unlikely that anyone will ever buy the drive unless they’re technologically clueless. Walmart employees have since explained to us (off the record) that the reason why very old items languish on the shelf is that they have a low budget for discounts, so they can only mark items down a few bucks from the original price. “Marking down items affects the bottom line of an individual store since the clearance discount comes off of [the store’s] gross numbers, whereas leaving the item in the inventory is neutral to the gross numbers,” a former Walmart employee explained to us. “Local stores are incentivized against getting rid of old and antiquated items.” The phrase “Raiders of the Lost Walmart” began as a one-off joke for just that article, but readers began to send us more overpriced retail antiquities, and we realized that there was a trend. For example, one reader spotted this 2.5 GB “high-capacity storage” hockey puck hard drive marked down just a few bucks and inexplicably for sale. In 2013. External hard drives can languish on the shelves for a while, like this 80 GB example from Seagate, also found at a Walmart store. You could buy this device, or you could spend less money and get a one-terabyte hard drive that weighs five ounces from Amazon for ten dollars less.. It’s not just obsolete hard drives on the shelves at Walmart and other retailers, though. Games, digital cameras, MP3 players, other kinds of gadgets, and even toys and collectibles can go into warehouse hibernation or sit unwanted and not discounted on a shelf for years. Pay For No Play Over in the games department, one reader noticed this box, not on clearance, containing the game DC Universe Online. The catch? By then, the game was free to download and play online. It’s still around, and is still free. No $50 piece of software needed. What’s worse than paying for a free game? Paying for one that you can’t play at all. This game, Tabula Rasa, is a multiplayer game that has been shut down. You can’t play it at all, and anyone buying these copies would be wasting their money. Knowledgeable gamers have noticed these copies over the years, and would try to explain the situation to Walmart employees, who were powerless to do much of anything about it. This title that a reader found on the shelf went free to play in 2012, then shut down in 2014. Yet one of our readers found it for sale at Walmart in 2015, grossly overpriced at $15. It’s not just games that languish on discount store shelves. This demo unit Game Boy Advance somehow stayed out for years after the Game Boy Advance was discontinued, and long enough to make it impossible to tell what color its case originally was. Redditors guessed maybe orange. Take A Picture, It Won’t Last Longer The Sony Mavica that saved photos to floppy disks was the first digital camera that I ever used. Eleven years later, there it was still on the shelf in a Walmart in Illinois for $269, which was then the price of a camera with six times better resolution that fit in your palm. Also, good luck finding a floppy drive. If you want to accessorize your Mavica and save pictures on something more modern, like the largely obsolete Sony memory stick, some Walmarts even have decade-old accessories for your camera, too. Maybe you’re one of our younger readers, and are wondering what a memory stick was. You can get that particular history lesson at Sears, apparently, where one of the late-’90s relics was available in a closing store with a handwritten price tag and at a baffling price. This Flip camera has a pretty impressive markdown, from $149 to $99 at Walmart. That may be because the company behind it was out of business by then, making it hard to get warranty support, tech support, or much of anything. Other Gadgets The strangest items that readers find on the shelves aren’t just really old, but they’re also unusable. Take this MSNtv device, for example: The Webtv service was shut down in 2013, yet Walmart was happy to charge someone $200 for an internet appliance that they wouldn’t be able to use. Do you wish you had the opportunity to buy one of the most famously indestructible phones of the aughts? It’ll cost you only $75. This Walmart may have been ahead of its time and just a little overpriced, since another company is re-introducing this famous model of Nokia and will charge around $60 for it. This eMachines computer for sale at Walmart was nothing unusual, except for the sticker warning the store not to sell it before January 30, 2007. The store was well within the rules: A Consumerist reader photographed it in April of 2014. In 2015, someone at Walmart put this Garmin GPS unit on clearance, and the system concluded that knocking $18.88 off the price was an acceptable thing to do. This model was eight years old at the time. The MobiBLU will haunt the shelves of Walmart for as long as the retailer stays in business. It was a cute little cube-shaped MP3 player that was better than the then-popular iPod Shuffle, and had more features. It was a Walmart exclusive item in the United States, and came with free Walmart music store downloads. While those songs self-destructed back in 2008, the devices haven’t gone anywhere. You can find them on Walmart’s shelves, often at full price. That seems like it couldn’t be real, but our readers keep finding them. There’s even date proof on the price stickers: Here’s one that a reader submitted in 2013. Earlier this year, we finally found one marked down to only $55. That’s still at least five times what it’s worth. Finally, one of our favorite retail antiquities isn’t quite a gadget, but did get shoved in a far corner of a warehouse for 20 years or so. It’s the U.S.S. Defiant from Star Trek: Deep Space Nine, a TV series in the ’90s. When reader Josh found it on the shelf and went to buy it, he couldn’t. “For kicks, I bought this toy – it took a team of three employees to figure out how to sell it (it was not in the system) and they ended up pricing it at $20,” he wrote to Consumerist at the time. It was there for so long that even the mighty computers of Walmart didn’t know it was there. May 8, 2017 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup retail antiquities clearance items clearance shelves kmart markdowns memory sticks raiders of the lost walmart seagate sears sony mavica u.s.s. defiant walmart Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related raiders of the lost walmart Raiders Of The Lost Walmart Handle Your Bookkeeping In 2007 temple of zune Raiders Of The Lost Walmart Will Put You On Hold On Their Landline Now temple of zune Raiders Of The Lost Walmart Will Rock Out With This Zune raiders of the lost walmart Raiders Of The Lost Walmart Will Administer Antibiotics To Your Windows Vista PC Now deep space walmart Raiders Of The Lost Walmart Have No Idea How Much ‘Star Trek: DS9’ Toy Costs Previous Coach Goes Shopping, Picks Up Stylish Rival Kate Spade For $2.4B Next John Oliver Tries To Save Net Neutrality Again; Likens FCC Chair Ajit Pai To A Serial Killer Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: John Oliver Tries To Save Net Neutrality Again; Likens FCC Chair Ajit Pai To A Serial Killer Return to Top Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Continue in 3 seconds Login Free Trial/Subscribe Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Search Search Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Name Wallet Merchant Investment Compliance Technology Americas EMEA Asia PayThink Resources Events Now Reading: The Latest 5.8.17: Your morning briefing 5.5.17: Your morning briefing 5.4.17: Your morning briefing 5.3.17: Your morning briefing 5.2.17: Your morning briefing search goes here 5.8.17: Your morning briefing By John Adams Published May 08 2017, 8:32am EDT More in Briefing Print Email Reprints Share Share on Welcome to the PaymentsSource Morning Briefing, delivered daily. The information you need to start your day, including top headlines from PaymentsSource and around the Web: A Dash of Walmart: Walmart is working on technology that could allow it to counter the Amazon Dash in-home button ordering device, reports Progressive Grocer, citing a Walmart patent application from last year. The patent application would integrate networking technology into the actual product, enabling automatic reordering when supplies run low, which would be easier by degree than the Amazon Dash button, which requires the user to know when a certain product, such as toilet paper or dishwasher pads are running low, then pushing a button to reorder (although Amazon is working with some appliance makers to eliminate this step). The Walmart tags would use a mix of technology depending on the product, including Bluetooth, radio frequency, infrared, Near Field Communication and other wireless communication options. The Walmart tags could also track usage and pace of refills, expiration dates and recalls, as well as obtain data for marketing. Walmart's patent filings also describe augmented reality glasses to guide customers through stores and to produce an automated shopping list, reports Progressive Grocer, adding other patents mention drones to move products around stores or monitor the freshness of produce. IMAGE: Bloomberg News Big hack in Germany: Hackers have exploited a telco network vulnerability to intercept and reroute the two-factor verification codes that authorize some payments at German banks. O2 researchers found that any party with internal access to a telco can log into a third party network to track and reroute messages, Finextra reports. O2 has found that some German consumers have had accounts drained after phishing scams that harvested their user names, passwords, phone numbers and bank account details. After stealing this information, the hackers intercepted the mobile transaction authorization numbers and redirected the sessions to their own phones. Finextra suggests the hack demonstrates a general weakness in using SMS codes as a verification method, since the weakness in the signaling system used for the authorization codes has been known for about three years. Tech companies slam potential Euro screen scraping ban: The revised Payment Services Directive (PSD2) is generally seen as a challenge for banks, as it's designed to accommodate the entry of alternative payment and financial services companies into the European market. But there's one provision that has angered technology companies. A group of about 60 financial technology companies are joining together to protest a PSD2 ban on screen scraping, or gathering data from online banking interfaces, according to BadBlueMoney. The PSD2 standards say banks can deny user interface access if the bank is already offering an application programming interface to share customer data with third party technology companies under PSD2 protocols. But the financial technology companies contend the ban in screen scraping will give banks too much control over what kinds of data is shared, giving banks an unfair advantage and hindering financial innovation in Europe. Singapore payment investor player adds Lithuania: One of the payment startups to come out of the hot Singapore technology market, Senjo Group, is quickly expanding into Europe. Senjo, which focuses on payments and invests in local startups, has acquired JSC Finolita Unio, which has a payments license from the Bank of Lithuania, BitcoinNews reports. That license enables the company establish inroads in Eastern Europe and Russia, which would enable Senjo to expand into these areas as well. Senjo already owns 19 companies globally that combine financial technology and digital payments, including subsidiaries in Japan, China, Indonesia, Malaysia, Thailand, India, the U.K., Luxembourg and the U.S. From the Web (powered by Wiser) Debit card control lets you 'turn off' card to beat scams BBC • Kevin Peachey Customers of a major bank can "switch off" their debit card to online purchases or set ATM limits. UK tourists hit by booking scams up by nearly a fifth BBC The most common scams relate to plane tickets, online accommodation bookings and timeshare sales. ExxonMobil Launches Apple Watch Support in 'Speedpass+' iOS App MacRumors • Mitchel Broussard ExxonMobil this week announced an update to its Speedpass+ iOS app, which gives users the ability to pay for fuel and car washes using their Apple Watch and Apple Pay at over 10,000 participating Exxon and Mobil refueling stations across the United... More from PaymentsSource Payment is the 'last impression' that can make or break retailers There is no lack of skilled store associates at luxury brands. They are the chaperone to a customer’s shopping experience. They listen, guide, offer options and alternatives, and truly nurture the customer. PayCommerce's B-to-B 'members only' network is about to get larger Business-to-business cross-border payments is a hot fintech area, but the range of services and what’s included varies widely, creating opportunities for startups catering to corporate customers’ specific needs. How Samsung's S8 secure element kicks the cash out of commuting Gemalto’s embedded Secure Element (eSE) will be built into Samsung’s flagship Galaxy S8 in some markets, expanding current Samsung Pay capabilities to include transit and ticketing. Mastercard expands collaboration with Mercy Corps in Indonesia Mastercard’s financial inclusion programs in Asia are expanding to include a partnership with recovery and aid organization Mercy Corps to connect to thousands of entrepreneurs in Indonesia’s Malang District to build financial services through grassroots outreach and education. 5 high-tech card concepts The plastic card is an aging tool in payments, but there's still room for innovation in its design and features. Here are a few new concepts that favor technology and style as differentiators. John Adams John Adams is Executive Editor of PaymentsSource. More from this Author 5.5.17: Your morning briefing 5.4.17: Your morning briefing Is faster EMV optional? Worldpay says no Comments Login or Subscribe Get us in your inbox Sign up for Payments Update CardLine Compliance Investment Merchant Technology Wallet Morning Briefing PayThink ISO & Agent Weekly Sign Up Subscribe Like what you see? Make sure you're getting it all Independent and authoritative analysis and perspective for every segment of the payments industry Subscribe PaymentsSource About Us Contact Us Site Map RSS Feed Privacy Policy Content Licensing/Reprints Advertising/Marketing Services © 2017 SourceMedia. All rights reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 30 mins S&P 500 2,399.38 +0.09 (+0.00%) Dow 30 21,012.28 +5.34 (+0.03%) Nasdaq 6,102.66 +1.90 (+0.03%) Watch Now Yahoo Finance's complete coverage of Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Shareholders Meeting JD.com Posts Surprise Profit as Chinese Consumption Strengthens David Ramli Bloomberg May 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A worker collects packages on a trolley at a JD.com Inc. warehouse in Shanghai, China, on Monday, April 27, 2015. JD.com jumped to a record as Chinese e-commerce companies advanced in New York amid speculation they'll continue to benefit from growth in online sales in the country. Photographer: Tomohiro Ohsumi/BloombergMore JD.com Inc. posted a quarterly profit for the first time as a public company after revenue beat expectations, as the online retailer integrated Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s Chinese web business and rode strengthening consumer spending. China’s second-largest e-commerce company reported sales of 76.2 billion yuan ($11 billion) for the three months ended March, compared with the 73.6 billion yuan expected by analysts on average. The company, which bought Wal-Mart’s “Yihaodian” local shopping platform in 2016, had a net profit of 239 million yuan versus estimates for an 851 million yuan loss. More from Bloomberg.com: Buffett Confronts Search for Next Big Thing After Missed Chances JD has benefited from the rise of online shopping in a country with patchy physical retail infrastructure, and is now investing in technology to ensure longer-term growth. It’s spinning off its online payments and finance division and building warehouses and drone delivery networks to become one of Asia’s dominant e-commerce players. Its battle with larger domestic rival Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. may now be starting to spread to Indonesia and other Southeast Asian countries. It’s said to be in talks to invest hundreds of millions of dollars into Indonesian e-commerce platform Tokopedia, which could form the basis of a bigger push into the region. But it’s already facing competition from Alibaba’s Lazada, which has a headstart in key countries such as Singapore. More from Bloomberg.com: Be Afraid, Mr. President “We expect total gross merchandise volume to rise 46 percent year on year including Yihaodian thanks to the recovery of general consumption trends since the start of this year,” China International Capital Corp. analysts led by Natalie Wu wrote in a note to clients before the earnings. “We also expect second-quarter guidance to be strong, on the recent recovery of the retail business.” JD expects revenue to grow 35 to 39 percent to between 88 billion yuan and 90.5 billion yuan this quarter, compared with the 89 billion yuan that analysts had estimated. Active annual customers rose to 236.5 million, compared with 169.1 million a year earlier. More from Bloomberg.com: Trump Weighing 95 Percent Cut to Drug Office, Chief Warns More from Bloomberg.com Macron Vows to Heal France’s Divisions After Victory Over Le Pen Tycoons From China Plant Money Management Flags on Wall Street Buffett Says Money Spent on Plumbers Better Than on Hedge Funds Read JD.com Posts Surprise Profit as Chinese Consumption Strengthens on bloomberg.com Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Buffett: 'Everything in valuation gets back to interest rates' Yahoo Finance Video Gundlach shorts the S&P 500 ETF, says passive investing is a 'myth' Yahoo Finance What to Watch in the Markets Tuesday, May 9 Yahoo Finance Video Disney and JOLTS — What you need to know in markets on Tuesday Yahoo Finance High Growth Takeaways Yahoo Finance Video Here's how much Nvidia will make off the Nintendo Switch Yahoo Finance Disney earnings on tap Tuesday Yahoo Finance Video Trumpcare is 20 years behind Yahoo Finance Macy's, Nordstrom and Kohl's to ring in results this week Yahoo Finance Video Stocks in flux following French election Yahoo Finance Man, 91, Died Happy After Family Told Him Trump Was Being Impeached: Obituary Matt: He will continue to vote Democrat long after he is dead. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 4.2k
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Mercury Systems Inc (MRCY) Shares Bought by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $761,000 Stake in Astoria Financial Corp (AF) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Purchases 300 Shares of Silicon Laboratories (SLAB) First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown Lowers Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) First Command Financial Services Inc. Boosts Position in Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Baldwin Brothers Inc. MA Raises Position in Bank of America Corp (BAC) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $792,000 Stake in Plexus Corp. (PLXS) Iowa State Bank Buys 3,257 Shares of QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Zacks Investment Research Upgrades Otonomy Inc (OTIC) to “Buy” Paragon Commercial Corp (PBNC) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research FY2017 EPS Estimates for LightPath Technologies, Inc. Increased by Dougherty & Co (LPTH) Gabelli Comments on Lexicon Pharmaceuticals, Inc.’s FY2017 Earnings (LXRX) Equities Analysts Offer Predictions for Osisko Gold Royalties Ltd’s FY2017 Earnings (OR) TrovaGene Inc (TROV) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday HSBC Holdings plc (HSBA) Rating Reiterated by Shore Capital Gresham Technologies PLC (GHT) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by N+1 Singer International Personal Finance Plc’s (IPF) Buy Rating Reiterated at Numis Securities Ltd ITV plc’s (ITV) Buy Rating Reiterated at Liberum Capital Intertek Group plc (ITRK) Price Target Raised to GBX 3,820 Deutsche Bank AG Reiterates Hold Rating for ITV plc (ITV) First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown Lowers Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown decreased its stake in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 1.0% during the first quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The institutional investor owned 12,267 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 120 shares during the period. First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $884,000 as of its most recent SEC filing. Other institutional investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Fiduciary Group LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 14.2% in the third quarter. Fiduciary Group LLC now owns 34,697 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $2,502,000 after buying an additional 4,316 shares in the last quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 2.2% in the third quarter. State of Alaska Department of Revenue now owns 242,708 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $17,503,000 after buying an additional 5,131 shares in the last quarter. Ausdal Financial Partners Inc. boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.9% in the third quarter. Ausdal Financial Partners Inc. now owns 6,531 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $471,000 after buying an additional 119 shares in the last quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 38.6% in the third quarter. Quadrant Capital Group LLC now owns 4,080 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $279,000 after buying an additional 1,137 shares in the last quarter. Finally, Chemung Canal Trust Co. boosted its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.6% in the third quarter. Chemung Canal Trust Co. now owns 145,524 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $10,495,000 after buying an additional 937 shares in the last quarter. 29.69% of the stock is owned by institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 76.50 on Monday. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 52-week low of $62.72 and a 52-week high of $76.60. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $72.88 and a 200-day moving average price of $70.35. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm had revenue of $129.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $130.22 billion. During the same quarter last year, the firm posted $1.49 EPS. The company’s revenue was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be issued a $0.51 dividend. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, December 6th. This represents a $2.04 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.67%. Wal-Mart Stores’s payout ratio is currently 43.48%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “First National Bank & Trust Co. of Newtown Lowers Position in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT)” was reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of US and international copyright & trademark laws. The legal version of this report can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/first-national-bank-trust-co-of-newtown-lowers-position-in-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. Several equities analysts recently weighed in on WMT shares. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “hold” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Wells Fargo & Co started coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, January 25th. They issued a “market perform” rating and a $71.00 target price for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $68.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “sell” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research note on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reissued an “underperform” rating and issued a $63.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have issued a hold rating and twelve have given a buy rating to the company. Wal-Mart Stores currently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $75.82. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total value of $264,012,022.57. Following the sale, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $756,408,072.73. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,000,000 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction dated Thursday, March 16th. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.50, for a total value of $211,500,000.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at approximately $740,752,453.50. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last ninety days, insiders sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock worth $1,110,035,611. Insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Retail The Long, Hard, Unprecedented Fall of Sears An icon of 20th century American retailers laid low. by Kim Bhasin @KimBhasin More stories by Kim Bhasin and Lance Lambert @NewsLambert More stories by Lance Lambert May 8, 2017, 4:00 AM EDT May 8, 2017, 11:23 AM EDT Sears Filing Sparks Concern That the End Is Near In 1989, Sears Roebuck & Co. ruled America as its biggest retailer. It loomed over rivals from a perch high above Chicago, inside what was once the world’s tallest building—one bearing the company’s name. The fall from that height may finally be nearing an end. Over the course of almost three decades, the company experienced what industry observers described as one of the most monumental collapses in business history. Despite its union with Kmart—the second-largest retailer from that era—and a stated belief that it can still turn things around, Sears is teetering on the edge of disaster. The latest bad news was revealed in March, when Sears acknowledged “substantial doubt” about its future, sending the stock plummeting, its worst decline in more than two years. S&P Global Market Intelligence declared Sears the U.S. retailer most vulnerable to defaulting in the next year. A Fitch Ratings study of retail bankruptcies also listed it as a company with a high risk of failure. The combined decline of Sears and Kmart, in terms of sales, is unprecedented, said Greg Portell, an analyst at A.T. Kearney. The seeds were planted by poor decision-making in the 1980s, during which time the company made a real estate play instead of focusing on selling stuff. No senior executive over the next 28 years was able to put stops in place to prevent the slide. “The management mistake that Sears made, in retrospect, was that they never got to a spot where they could stop the free fall,” said Portell. It has been a slow, painful fall for these once-dominant brands. Sears, in particular, was synonymous with suburban American consumerism. It dominated retail and changed the way people shopped through its revolutionary catalog business—the Amazon.com of its era. Kmart accomplished a lot as well, rising to a spot right behind Sears by peppering the nation with its Super Center big box shops and luring droves of shoppers with the promise of deep discounts, including of course the Blue Light Special. In 1994, Sears and Kmart raked in a combined $111.4 billion 1 Adjusted into 2017 dollars , compared with powerhouse discounter Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s haul of $111.9 billion 2 Adjusted into 2017 dollars . All three retailers ranked in the top 15 in revenue, among companies in all industries, in 1995. Since then, they’ve gone in different directions. Sears and Kmart have watched their customer bases shrink amid a never-ending string of store closures. Wal-Mart’s sales grew almost fourfold over the next decade, as the behemoth tripled its locations and embarked on mass international expansion. Sears and Kmart each chose to trudge along, with little change in strategy. “You’ve got young people today that don’t even recognize Sears as a place where they would go.” In 2002, Kmart filed for bankruptcy protection after years of weak sales and stiff competition from Wal-Mart. The chain and its 2,100 or so stores were in dire shape, gasping under a pile of debt while unable to get enough shoppers through the doors. At one point, Kmart’s biggest food distributor stopped shipments after the retailer was unable to make payments. Kmart would emerge from bankruptcy under the control of hedge fund billionaire Eddie S. Lampert and his firm, ESL Investments. Then came the merger, which at the time was the biggest tie-up in the annals of retail. Since then, Sears and Kmart have been slowly dismantled by Lampert. Implementing a culture of warring tribes, one in which divisions would battle it out for resources, little cash was funneled back into reviving physical stores. Chunks of the business were sold to keep the lights on. In January, the company sold the famous tool brand Craftsman to Stanley Black & Decker Inc. for about $900 million.  “He did nothing to maintain the stores—nothing to spiff them up and make them a nice place to go shopping,” said Robin Lewis, a longtime industry analyst and chief executive of the Robin Report. “You’ve got young people today that don’t even recognize Sears as a place where they would go. I think people will just forget about it.” Once, Sears was the disruptor—not the disrupted. When the Sears catalog first appeared on doorsteps in the 1890s, it fundamentally changed how Americans shopped. Back then, much of the population lived in rural areas, and they bought almost everything from little shops at rural junctions. These general stores had limited selection and charged exorbitant prices. They were the only game in town. “The Sears catalog had an even bigger impact in 1900 than Amazon has had today,” said Robert Gordon, a professor at Northwestern University and author of The Rise and Fall of American Growth. Like today’s e-commerce powerhouse, the Sears catalog provided shoppers more choice than ever before, and at lower prices. Sears freed shoppers from the tyranny of the local general merchant and improved their living standards. “The cost of living went down the minute Sears became available,” said Gordon. Searching for parallels of Sears’s fall through business history, Gordon could find none.  “There is nothing like the decline of Sears and Kmart,” he said. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Howard Riefs, a spokesman for Sears, said the company has made strides in combining physical stores with digital initiatives, such as allowing consumers to purchase online items they can later pick up in person. As for the risk disclosed in the March filing, Riefs said that while historical performance prompted that statement, Sears’s financial plans and forecast “do not reflect the continuation of that performance.” Sears is focused on improving and has made “decisive actions” in recent months, he said. “Despite the risks outlined, we are confident in our financial position and remain focused on executing our transformation plan.” The focus of that plan is “how we can make shopping easier,” said Riefs. “We believe the key is to truly integrate the shopping channels. It’s a combination of store and online and mobile. It’s not just one thing anymore.” Adjusted into 2017 dollars Adjusted into 2017 dollars Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read The Long, Hard, Unprecedented Fall of Sears Buffett Confronts Search for Next Big Thing After Missed Chances Sinclair Buys Tribune in $3.9 Billion Deal, Creating TV Goliath The Kushner Project Touted in China Is in Trouble at Home Chinese Tycoons Plant Money Management Flags on Wall Street Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe JD.com Posts First Profit as Chinese Online Shopping Surges Bloomberg News May 8, 2017, 4:21 AM EDT May 8, 2017, 9:16 AM EDT Alibaba’s closest rival records a surprise quarterly profit Wal-Mart’s partner sees online transactions climb over 42% JD.com Posts First Profit Since IPO JD.com Inc. posted its first quarterly profit as a public company, with the integration of Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s Chinese web business and strong consumer spending driving a surge in sales. China’s largest e-commerce company after  Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. has benefited from the rise of online shopping in a country with patchy retail infrastructure. JD, which bought Wal-Mart’s Yihaodian local shopping platform in 2016, reported net income of 239 million yuan ($35 million) for the three months ended March -- its first time in the black since listing in 2014 -- surpassing estimates for an 851 million yuan loss. Sales rose 41 percent to 76.2 billion yuan, also topping the 73.6 billion yuan projected. JD said a plan to spin off its online payments and finance division in a multi billion-dollar deal may close this quarter. That raises cash to bankroll the warehouses and drone delivery networks it’s building to become one of Asia’s dominant e-commerce players. Yet that race to build logistics networks and attract customers could still weigh on margins in 2017. “This doesn’t mean we should expect them to have positive operating profit all year," Kirk Boodry, an analyst with New Street Research, said regarding the surprise profit. But “with the first quarter beat we feel more comfortable with them getting there” by 2018 or 2019, on an operating basis. The company’s American depositary receipts rose 5.4 percent in premarket trading to $37.70 Monday. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up JD.Com Chief Financial Officer Sidney Huang called the quarter a “milestone” for the company that reinforced management’s long-term vision. But he cautioned that looming investments in new businesses and the expansion of its logistics network could hurt profits in the coming year. The construction of warehouses, for example, would “significantly increase” capital expenditure resulting in falling free cash flow. “Our quarterly earnings will likely be lower in one or more of the next few quarters,” he warned. “The Chinese e-commerce market remains highly competitive and we remain committed to returning a meaningful portion of our incremental gains from scaled economies onto our customers.” JD said it expects revenue to grow 35 to 39 percent to between 88 billion yuan and 90.5 billion yuan this quarter, compared with the 89 billion yuan analysts estimated.  The company founded by billionaire Richard Liu is investing heavily on delivery logistics and new markets from groceries to women’s fashion, aiming to dredge up new sources of revenue. Its strategy is to focus on better service to improve the loyalty of customers and their willingness to spend. But rivals such as Alibaba have fought back. Groceries are “a key category for JD to attract female customers, improve purchase frequency and margin profile,” analysts at Credit Suisse Group AG led by Evan Zhou wrote in a note to clients before the earnings. “It still takes time to educate the market and to grow user stickiness so subsidy is still needed to maintain JD’s price attractiveness for fast-moving consumer good offerings.” Its running battle with Alibaba may now start to spread to Indonesia and other Southeast Asian countries. JD’s said to be in talks to invest hundreds of millions of dollars into Indonesian e-commerce platform Tokopedia, which could form the basis of a bigger push into the region. But it faces competition from Alibaba’s Lazada Group SA, which has a headstart in key countries such as Singapore. JD.com May Try Investor Patience With Indonesian Foray: Gadfly For the first quarter, active annual customers rose to 236.5 million, compared with 169.1 million a year earlier. Gross merchandise volume, the total value of goods sold across JD’s platforms, rose 42 percent to 184.1 billion yuan, from 129.1 billion yuan a year ago. — With assistance by David Ramli Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read The Long, Hard, Unprecedented Fall of Sears Buffett Confronts Search for Next Big Thing After Missed Chances Sinclair Buys Tribune in $3.9 Billion Deal, Creating TV Goliath The Kushner Project Touted in China Is in Trouble at Home Chinese Tycoons Plant Money Management Flags on Wall Street Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Member Rewards log in Site Site Archive Peorian indicted on charges of theft at East Peoria Walmart Sunday May 7, 2017 at 7:53 PM Steve Stein of the Journal Star @SpartanSteve PEKIN — A 30-year-old Peoria woman accused of teaming up with an elderly man to steal items including a vacuum cleaner from the Walmart in East Peoria has been indicted by a Tazewell County grand jury. Michelle R. Wolf, of 7319 N. Oxford Place was charged April 20 with retail theft. If convicted, she could be sentenced to one to three years in prison. East Peoria police were called to Walmart on March 17 after an employee watched surveillance tape that showed a woman, later identified as Wolf, pushing a cart full of merchandise out of the store without paying for it, according to court documents. Among the items in the cart, the employee said, were a vacuum cleaner, coffee maker, rugs, towels and a storage tote. The employee told police the tape showed Wolf go to the back of the store and speak with an elderly man after placing the items in the cart. The two walked to the front of the store, the employee said, and Wolf pushed the cart out of the store at about 8 p.m. March 17 while the man talked with the greeter. The man followed Wolf out of the store, the employee said, and the items were placed in the man's black Jeep Patriot that was parked in the store's parking lot. It isn't known if Wolf and the man left the parking lot together or in separate vehicles. Two days later, East Peoria police spotted the man driving the Jeep Patriot on Washington Street. The man initially told police he was in the Walmart in East Peoria on March 17 and with a woman named Alyssa. He later said he was with Wolf. Wolf pleaded not guilty April 27 and will return to court May 22. She's free on $7,500 bond. Court records do not say if the man is being charged in the case. Also indicted April 20 were: - Anna B. Aguilar, 34, 810 S. Western Ave., Peoria; burglary and retail theft. - Matthew D. Ayers, 21, 22351 Kohl St., Topeka; unlawful possession of a stolen vehicle. - James R. Banks, 38, 803 Prince St., Apt. 3, Pekin; driving with a revoked or suspended license. - Dallas T. Calhoun, 22, 117 Massachusetts Ave., Washington; burglary and possession of another's credit card. - Richard A. Crique Jr., 18, 212 Maria St., East Peoria; attempted burglary. - Robert C. Danzer, 31, 221 Trisha Drive, Lot 8, East Peoria; aggravated battery. - Joshua M. Dupage, 43, 1213 Black St., Apt. B, Pekin; unlawful possession of methamphetamine with intent to deliver. - Christopher M. Grammer, 24, 5601 Highview Lane, Peoria; retail theft. - William L. Hamby Jr., 43, 1126 S. Third St., Pekin; unlawful possession of a controlled substance, resisting arrest and possession of drug paraphernalia. - Horacio I. Hernandez, 20, 1000 NE Perry Ave., Peoria; unlawful possession of a stolen vehicle. - Trisha L. Jones, 32, 209 Fourth St., South Pekin; unlawful possession of a controlled substance. - Joshua T. Kerkhove, 31, 2007 Sheridan Road, Apt. 6, Pekin; unlawful use or possession of a weapon by a felon. - Jenifer L. Pruss, 35, 13808 Egg Ranch Road, Pekin; retail theft. - Kyle R. Reese, 46, 1236 Hawthorne Ave., Pekin; aggravated driving under the influence and fleeing or attempting to elude a police officer. - Jennifer J. Sullivan-Morris, 35, 1411 Peoria St., Apt. 14, Pekin; unlawful use of debit account numbers. - Kyle S. Swearingen, 42, 107 Maple St., Neposet; criminal trespass to a residence. - Shawna R. Ward, 19, 1403 Knapp St., Pekin; criminal trespass to a residence and battery. Steve Stein can be reached at 686-3114 or stevestein21@yahoo.com. Follow him on Twitter @SpartanSteve.   About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Advertise With Us Customer Service Newspaper in Education Internships Contact Us Market Place Shop Cars Homes Free Classifieds Ad Classifieds Community Info Community Served About us Historic Headlines Peoria History Forms Anniversaries Births Engagements Weddings 100th Birthday Jobs in Peoria Pets Place a Classified Ad Real Estate Rentals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Star ~ Peoria, IL 61643 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Phil Luciano Police/Fire/Courts Word on the Street Nick in the AM Education State News Sports Preps Columns Rivermen Peoria Chiefs Sports Forums Bradley Hoops Auto Racing Entertainment Books Dining Out More Puzzles Movies TV Guide Calendar Lifestyle Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Shareables Opinion Our Editorials Forum Letters Other Columns Write a letter Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Blogs Calendar Celebrations Games Contests Branded Content Submit Your News Member Rewards Subscriber E-Edition Customer Service All Access Signup Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
About Contact Contests News Staff Sundance Live SXSW 2010 Film Festival Live Coverage Twitter Feed WAMG Text Service Review Contests About Podcasts News Staff Contact General News BOONE THE BOUNTY HUNTER – Review By Movie Geeks | May 8, 2017 Share Tweet Share Share 0 comments Tweet Email Tweet Email Review by Mark Longden Coming soon to a VOD platform or Walmart near you is BOONE THE BOUNTY HUNTER , and it’s one you definitely should be checking out. You don’t even need to be like me, a person who loves movies starring wrestlers and good old 90s-style action, to have a good time watching it. John Hennigan is our star / producer / co-writer. After graduating from college with a film degree, he wrestled for WWE under the names Johnny Nitro and John Morrison, and he was pretty good at it; he now works for AAA (a Mexico-based promotion) and Lucha Underground (the MTV wrestling show). But he’s always had a passion for the same sorts of movies I love – 80s / 90s comic action, kung fu, chase movies – and given the chance, he’s made this. He plays Boone, a TV bounty hunter – his resemblance to any famous TV bounty hunters is unknown to this reviewer, because I never watch those shows – with a team of assistants who go round capturing mostly celebrities for stuff like parking tickets (the first criminal brought to justice is none other than Kevin “Angry at Hollywood” Sorbo). This team comprises tech guy Denny (Osric Chau, “Supernatural”), muscle Quinton “Rampage” Jackson (MMA superstar, “The A Team”, playing himself), general sidekick / ass kicker Kat (Spencer Grammer, “Rick and Morty”) and producer Olivia (Dominique Swain, “Lolita”, “Face/Off”, plus a surprising number of modern Eric Roberts movies). Hennigan is a “traceur” – someone who does parkour, apparently – so Boone is too, and we get lots of shots of him demonstrating his skills while chasing down goons. All is going well until…the team is told their show is getting cancelled! Luckily, Boone has an ace up his sleeve, which is a DEA agent who owes him a favour. Corbin Bernsen! I love Corbin Bernsen, and even here, where he was obviously just hired for a day (all his scenes are in one location, tight shots) he’s a lot of fun. Boone’s plan is to do a real case, like the good old days, and Corbin gives him the case of drug dealer Ryan, who’s escaped with his father Cole to the small Mexican town that’s their drug-producing base of operations, after the prostitute he’s with is murdered by Cole’s assistant. That is way too complicated a sentence and I apologise! The majority of the action takes place in that small Mexican town. Will the locals help out Boone, or will Cole’s money keep them quiet as his goons hunt them down? Will Boone be able to save his show and his friends’ lives? In what seems to be becoming a trend, the casting is sort of stunt-y. Ryan is played by Jonathan Lipnicki (the kid from “Jerry Maguire”); the dad, Cole, is Richard Tyson; the local barman is Lorenzo Lamas (complete with a scar that looks bright-red and fresh, but is clearly supposed to be old); and showing up as a former victim of Boone in blink-and-you’ll-miss-him cameo is Tiny Lister, who was only there to promote, via a t-shirt, his faith-based charity. My favourite of the non-stunt casting was Cole’s assistant, Tess, played by the excellent Jane Park Smith, who’s done lots of episodes of TV but hasn’t had a chance to shine in bigger movies and deserves the chance. There’s lots to appreciate. The scene where Boone falls down a hill is hilarious, and it treats some of the hoariest old tropes in movie history with an appropriately light tone, such as the “hey, something metal in my pocket luckily stopped that bullet” thing. I also expected to get tired of the endless plays on his name – “you got Booned”; “Boone-atics” and so on – but I didn’t. Kudos, movie! As would be expected from a pro wrestler with a parkour background, he’s a great on-screen fighter, too, and surrounds himself with lots of similarly talented guys. Plus, it’s a huge thumbs up to the movie that Hennigan appears to do most of his own stunts, allowing the camera to go wherever it wants. While we’re on the subject of camerawork, kudos also go to Jeffrey R Clark, who appears to have just done TV up to now. He films the fights very well, you know exactly who everyone is, where they are in relation to each other (not always a given), and gives them a great flow. So, it’s a rip-roaring good fun adventure with a star who is a little bit of polish away from a legit movie career in comedies and action movies. If I was looking for stuff to criticise, I’d say the dialogue is the weakest part – the plotting is solid – with a lot of jokes falling flat and conversations that go nowhere (the whiff of poor-quality improvisation can be detected, perhaps). But everyone tries their best with what they have. I hope there are future Boone movies, and I hope someone with a few $$$ gets on board for the next one. A few big effects and stronger dialogue and this would be a complete gem; as it is, it’s still great and is definitely worth a few of your entertainment dollars. BOONE THE BOUNTY HUNTER will release on VOD platforms on May 9th and on DVD June 6th. Related ItemsBOONE THE BOUNTY HUNTERCorbin BernsenDominique SwainJohn HenniganSpencer Grammer Movie Geeks ← Previous Story Watch The New Trailer For BLADE RUNNER 2049 – Hits Theaters October 6 Next Story → Wong Kar-Wai’s MY BLUEBERRY NIGHTS Screening Thursday at Webster University You may also like... 6 WAYS TO DIE – The Review Farley Brothers Join Matthew Perry Comedy THE WHOLE BANANA THE BIG YEAR – The Review Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. About Contact Contests News Staff Sundance Live SXSW 2010 Film Festival Live Coverage Twitter Feed WAMG Text Service WeAreMovieGeeks is a Movie News & Reviews resource Copyright © 2013 Lanier Media Latest News Wong Kar-Wai’s MY BLUEBERRY NIGHTS Screening Thursday at Webster University BOONE THE BOUNTY HUNTER – Review Watch The New Trailer For BLADE RUNNER 2049 – Hits Theaters October 6 TIGER RAID – Review GOOD TIME Opens August 11th From A24 – Stars Robert Pattinson This Week’s WAMG Podcast – THE DINNER, THE WALL, GUARDIANS OF THE GALAXY VOL. 2, and More! Tags Review paramount pictures Warner Bros. Pictures Film festival SLIFF 20th Century Fox marvel Comedy Johnny Depp Documentary Universal Pictures brad pitt disney Trailer Horror The Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences Steven Spielberg michael bay Oscars saint louis Robert Downey Jr. Seth Rogen Samuel L Jackson mark wahlberg Tom Cruise Hugh Jackman Gary Oldman Quentin Tarantino Scarlett Johansson lionsgate
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Sohn Conference CNBC Disruptor 50 College Game Plan Tech Drivers Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Biotech and Pharmaceuticals Health Care Hospitals Pharma Equipment & Services Health Insurance Health Care IT Modern Medicine New price for muscular dystrophy drug draws criticism Deflazacort helps treats patients with a rare disease called Duchenne muscular dystrophy The drug will now cost $35,000 a year for a patient in the U.S. weighing 25 kilograms, or about 55 pounds The price tag has triggered outcry from patient advocates Meg Tirrell | @megtirrell 8 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Mike Mergen | Bloomberg | Getty Images A pharmacy technician fills a prescription inside a Wal-Mart store in Trevose, Pennsylvania. Christine McSherry is used to a fight. Her son, Jett, was diagnosed with Duchenne muscular dystrophy, a rare, debilitating condition, when he was 5. He lost the ability to walk just before he turned 14. McSherry has become an outspoken advocate for Jett and other kids with Duchenne, particularly in fighting for access to drugs she's convinced help against the disease's devastating effects. What she didn't expect to be fighting for was access to a medicine Jett was already using. "It's all about choice, and choice of a reasonable price," McSherry, executive director of the non-profit Jett Foundation, said in an interview. Jett, now 21, has been taking a steroid called deflazacort since he was 8 years old. He switched to it after trying another steroid, prednisone, to which McSherry says "he didn't have a great reaction." Deflazacort wasn't approved in the U.S., so McSherry and a number of other families of kids with Duchenne imported the drug from overseas. She says it cost about $1,200 a year out of pocket. Monday, deflazacort got a new price tag: $35,000 a year for a patient in the U.S. weighing 25 kilograms, or about 55 pounds. To McSherry, the $35,000 is "pretty aggressive." What's worse, in her eyes, is that most kids who may take the drug weigh more than 25 kilograms, meaning the price will be even higher. "You have young boys, as little as 30 kilograms, to young men who are 100-plus kilograms," McSherry said. "That price is up there over $100,000 annually." PTC Therapeutics, which set the price, says it "represents sustainable pricing which balances providing access to eligible patients in the United States…while maintaining sufficient infrastructure and programs including continued investment in Duchenne." The route to deflazacort's new price is a complicated one. Earlier this year, a private drug company called Marathon Pharmaceuticals acquired rights to deflazacort in the U.S. and took it through the approval process at the Food and Drug Administration. Upon approval, Marathon set an annual price in the U.S. of $89,000, generating an immediate outcry from the patient community. Once the medicine got approval in the U.S., patients expected they wouldn't be able to legally import it from overseas. The patient response to Marathon's price was so strong the company paused its plans to introduce the drug in the U.S. That's when PTC Therapeutics stepped in, paying $140 million to Marathon to acquire deflazacort — now with the brand name Emflaza. "PTC came in, acquired the asset, and has sort of — for lack of a better word — re-thunk the commercial approach to the drug," said Ritu Baral, an analyst with Cowen. But its new price tag is still drawing criticism. "It's the drug industry back in trouble again over pricing," said Erik Gordon, a professor at University of Michigan's Ross School of Business. "They just don't seem to learn their lesson." With its weight-based pricing, some say PTC may be taking a page out of the book of another maker of drugs for Duchenne: Sarepta, which received approval last year of Exondys 51. The company also set a weight-based price, of $300,000 a year for a 25-kilogram patient. "We know from what Sarepta has said on public calls that the average age of patients they're seeing on eteplirsen (the generic name for Exondys 51) is in the 13- to 15-year-old range," said Matthew Eckler, an analyst with RBC Capital Markets. "These are much heavier than seven- to eight-year-old boys." The heavier the patient, the more the drug costs. "If you're trying to sell something, would you rather tell someone it costs $300,000 a year, or $500,000 a year?" Eckler said. Sarepta supporters argue that drug should command a higher price because Sarepta took it all the way through research and development, and it represents a new way to try to treat the disease, whereas deflazacort is a decades-old steroid. PTC CEO Stuart Peltz said on a conference call Monday that the company would have financial assistance programs in place to try to ensure patients pay as close to nothing as possible for the medicine. But those in the community, like McSherry, are concerned about the paperwork hoops they and their doctors will have to jump through to get coverage for Emflaza. "What barriers do we have with prior authorization from payers?" McSherry asked, citing requirements pharmacy benefits managers and insurers often put on more expensive medicines to make patients try cheaper options first. "Where does this fall — on drug companies or patients? The burden is really with the patients and families," she said. "We're the ones who are going to have to write all these appeals to get this drug covered, or find alternative ways to get ahold of the drug." Pharmacy benefits manager Express Scripts confirmed today it will require prior authorization for Emflaza. "For management of DMD, our criteria requires patients to try the lower-cost, equally effective prednisone before Emflaza," spokesman Brian Henry wrote in an email. "Except for rare cases, the lower-cost prednisone should work for patients." Henry said prednisone's price varies from 8 cents to $1.50 per tablet, at maximum "$135 a month." Many patients — and PTC — argue the drugs are not the same. McSherry cited concerns about weight gain with prednisone, which "does make a difference in Duchenne." "Kids who have more to carry around will have more difficulty," McSherry pointed out. Analysts said they expect the political scrutiny on Emflaza's price to continue. Sen. Bernie Sanders and Rep. Elijah Cummings wrote a letter to PTC in March requesting information on its pricing plans. Neither congressman responded to requests for comment Monday. PTC's stock declined 12 percent. For McSherry, who's increasingly concerned about the effects health reform will have on her ability to pay for Jett's care, it's a headache she, and the rest of the community, doesn't need. "You're talking about a population of rare-disease patients and families and physicians who are already burdened with a terrible disease," McSherry said. "To be burdened further on a daily basis with trying to get prior authorization for some of these drugs is very difficult." Meg TirrellReporter
Search Search Newsletter Signup Search OutsideOnline.com Open Menu Gear 2017 Winter Buyer's Guide Gear Reviews Cycle Life The Edge Covet Gear Guy XX Factor Outfitted Gear Archive Affiliate Policy Sponsor ContentHappy Campers Travel Best Towns National Parks Getaways Carry On The Go List Travel Archive Sponsor ContentCalifornia's Natural Theme Park Fitness In Stride Performance Plate Lab Rat Science of Performance The 101 Fitness Archive Sponsor ContentThe Trailfit Guide to Oahu Adventure Trail Life Big Ideas Feuds First Look Adventure Archive Sponsor ContentDenali's Raven Sponsor ContentWithin Reach Culture Best Jobs Eat & Drink Raising Rippers Culture Notebook Dating and Love How I Work Culture Archive Video Submit a Video Gear Videos Fitness Videos Adventure Videos How-To Videos Magazine Issue Archive Outside iPad App Features Outside Turns 40 Subscribe Print Edition Give a Gift Free Newsletters Podcast Subscribe Science of Survival The Outside Interview Dispatches Gear Guy What Are the Best Car-Camping Tents? Five options for your summer adventures By: Joe Jackson May 5, 2017 Share This Facebook Icon Share Twitter Icon Tweet Pinterest Icon Pinterest SMS Icon Text Email Icon Email Car Camping in Teklanika Campground in Denali National Park, Alaska Photo: Ian Shive/Tandem There are two kinds of car-camping tents. The first is affordable and made for quick weekend jaunts with the family or drunken festivals in the woods. The second is more expensive, better constructed, and preferable for trips across the country where you’ll be camping in everything from scorching heat to torrential rain. Here are options in both categories. Ozark Trail 10-Person ($110)   Photo: Courtesy Ozark Trail Best For: Party camping Two river-guide friends and I lived in an older version of this massive Walmart-brand tent for an entire summer. Thanks to its three doors, we could each come and go as we pleased without having to step over one another. It was also nice to space ourselves out in case someone needed to, say, fart. The tent is overkill for a family of four but perfect as a festival base camp for a group of friends. Tip: if you’re using it in the Pacific Northwest, hang a tarp overhead as an added layer of protection, as the fly is subpar.  Buy Now REI Kingdom 6 ($440)   Photo: Courtesy REI Best For: Extended trips Yes, this tent is expensive, but here’s why I recommend it. My friend Ryan Allred, who owns Adventure Whitewater, a river-guiding service, traded in his tow-behind trailer for the Kingdom because he finds it just as comfortable. The ceiling is more than six feet high, and you get 83 square feet of floor space. It’s also easy to set up and, unlike the Walmart tent, will fend off the nastiest weather and lots of abuse. Allred’s entire family of five has lived in it for three summers now, and they’ve never had any complaints about the durability. Buy Now Coleman 6-Person Instant Cabin ($220)   Photo: Courtesy Coleman Best For: Families This tent pops up in minutes, thanks to its well-designed poles. That’s a major bonus when you have small kids running around and don’t want to spend a lot of time making camp. It can also be nice if you arrive late and need to avoid a lot of futzing in the dark. Inside, there’s plenty of room for a family of four and a couple of dogs. It’s not as well-built as the Kingdom 6, but it'll stand up just fine to a few trips every summer, and it’s better in rain than the Ozark. Think of this tent as the perfect middle-of-the-road option for weekend trips. Buy Now Kodiak Canvas 8-Person ($570)   Photo: Courtesy Kodiak Best For: Base camp If you look at this model from Kodiak as a tent, it’s an expensive. If you look at it as a poor man’s RV, it’s positively cheap. The RV comparison makes sense because this tent is better than anything else here at keeping the elements at bay. The duck-canvas walls fight the heat if you want to use it as a beach base camp on a surf trip in Baja, or you can put a small heater inside and take it winter camping. The spring-loaded steel rods are designed to stand up to Everest-like winds. Buy Now REI Co-Op Half Dome 2 Plus ($220)   Photo: Courtesy REI Best For: A one-quiver solution I included the Half Dome because it’s relatively affordable and can double as both a car-camping and backpacking tent (as long as it’s just the two of you and a dog). We’ve long recommended the Half Dome: it’s quick to set up and comes with all the features you’d want, including two vestibules, a bombproof rain fly, lots of pockets and organizers inside, and big vents.  Buy Now Filed To: Car Camping, Tents, Three-Season Tents, Road Trips, Off-Road Share This Facebook Icon Share Twitter Icon Tweet Pinterest Icon Pinterest SMS Icon Text Email Icon Email Subscribe to Outside Save 72% and Get the Special Women's Issue! State AA AE AL AK AP AS AZ AR CA CO CT DE DC FL GA GU HI ID IL IN IA KS KY LA ME MD MA MI MN MP MS MO MT NE NV NH NJ NM NY NC ND OH OK OR PA PR PW RI SC SD TN TX UT VT VA VI WA WV WI WY Continue Load More Our Mission To inspire active participation in the world outside through award-winning coverage of the sports, people, places, adventure, discoveries, health and fitness, gear and apparel, trends and events that make up an active lifestyle. Facebook Icon Twitter Icon Instagram Icon Pinterest Icon Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Ads Media Kit Subscriptions Affiliate-Link Policy RSS © 2017 Mariah Media Network LLC.
Lehigh Valley proms: See all our photo galleries Severe weather alert in Northampton, Lehigh, Berks, Monroe and Carbon counties. May 9 Health Why your milk may not be truly organic ORGANIC matt mcclain/The Washington Post To enforce the organic rules, the USDA allows farmers to hire their own inspectors to certify them as ‘USDA Organic.’ To enforce the organic rules, the USDA allows farmers to hire their own inspectors to certify them as ‘USDA Organic.’ (matt mcclain/The Washington Post) Peter WhoriskeyOf The Washington Post The High Plains dairy complex reflects the new scale of the U.S. organic industry: it is big. Stretching across miles of pastures and feedlots north of Greeley, Colo., the complex is home to more than 15,000 cows, making it more than a hundred times the size of a typical organic herd. It is the main facility of Aurora Organic Dairy, a company that produces enough milk to supply the house brands of Wal-Mart, Costco and other major retailers. "We take great pride in our commitment to organic, and in our ability to meet the rigorous criteria of the USDA organic regulations," Aurora advertises. But a closer look at Aurora and other large operations highlights critical weaknesses in the unorthodox inspection system that the USDA uses to ensure that "organic" food is really organic. The U.S. organic market now counts more than $40 billion in annual sales, and includes products imported from about 100 countries. To enforce the organic rules across this vast industry, the USDA allows farmers to hire and pay their own inspectors to certify them as "USDA Organic." Industry defenders say enforcement is robust. The Environmental Working Group Shopper's Guide to Pesticides in Produce ranks pesticide contamination of popular fruits and vegetables based on more than 36,000 samples of produce tested by the U.S. Department of Agriculture and the Food and Drug Administration. The guide includes the Dirty Dozen, the produce with the highest amount of pesticide residue, and the Clean Fifteen, the produce that is least likely to contain pesticide residue. This provides a good guide for people who want to consume fewer pesticides but can't afford organic produce. Click through the gallery above for the full list of the Dirty Dozen and Clean Fifteen. But the problems at an entity like Aurora suggests that even large, prominent players can fall short of standards without detection. With milk, the critical issue is grazing. Organic dairies are required to allow the cows to graze daily throughout the growing season — that is, the cows are supposed to be grass-fed, not confined to barns and feed lots. This method is considered more natural and alters the constituents of the cows milk in ways consumers deem beneficial. But during visits by The Washington Post to Aurora's High Plains complex across nine days last year, signs of grazing were sparse, at best. Aurora said their animals were out on pasture day and night but during most Post visits the number of cows seen on pasture numbered in the hundreds. Caption Trump calls AHCA a 'repeal and replace of Obamacare' President Trump spoke at a Rose Garden reception for Republicans at the White House immediately after the House passed the American Health Care Act with a 217-213 vote. (May 4, 2017) President Trump spoke at a Rose Garden reception for Republicans at the White House immediately after the House passed the American Health Care Act with a 217-213 vote. (May 4, 2017) Caption Trump calls AHCA a 'repeal and replace of Obamacare' President Trump spoke at a Rose Garden reception for Republicans at the White House immediately after the House passed the American Health Care Act with a 217-213 vote. (May 4, 2017) President Trump spoke at a Rose Garden reception for Republicans at the White House immediately after the House passed the American Health Care Act with a 217-213 vote. (May 4, 2017) Caption What changes about coverage of preexisting conditions under GOP health plan? Under the American Health Care Act, states can apply for waivers to allow insurance companies to consider a person's health status when determining premiums. (May 4, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Under the American Health Care Act, states can apply for waivers to allow insurance companies to consider a person's health status when determining premiums. (May 4, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption Renewed effort by congressional Republicans to repeal Obamacare stalls No vote is planned for what could mark the third attempt by the GOP to overhaul healthcare. (May 3, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) No vote is planned for what could mark the third attempt by the GOP to overhaul healthcare. (May 3, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption GOP shuts out doctors, experts and Democrats as they work on Obamacare repeal On April 26, a coalition of six leading physician groups urged congressional leaders to collaborate with doctors. (April 27, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) On April 26, a coalition of six leading physician groups urged congressional leaders to collaborate with doctors. (April 27, 2017) (Sign up for our free video newsletter here http://bit.ly/2n6VKPR) Caption Autism Speaks Walk Autism Speaks Walk Saturday at SteelStacks in Bethlehem. Autism Speaks Walk Saturday at SteelStacks in Bethlehem. A high-resolution satellite photo taken in mid-July by Digital Globe, a space imagery vendor, shows a typical situation — only a few hundred on pasture. At no point were there any more than 10 percent of the herd out. In response, Aurora spokesperson Sonja Tuitele dismissed the Post visits as anomalies and "drive-bys." The milk produced also provides evidence that Aurora cows do not graze as required by organic rules. Testing conducted for the Post by Virginia Tech scientists shows that on a key indicator of grass-feeding, the Aurora milk matched conventional milk, not organic. Finally, the Post contacted the inspectors who visited Aurora's High Plains dairy and certified it as "USDA Organic." Did their inspectors have evidence that the Aurora cows met the grazing requirement? It turns out that they were poorly positioned to know. The inspectors conducted the annual audit well after grazing season — in November. That means that during the annual audit, inspectors would not have seen whether the cows were grazing as required, a breach of USDA inspection policy. "We would expect that inspectors are out there during the grazing season," said Miles McEvoy, chief of the National Organic Program at USDA. He said that the grazing requirement is "a critical compliance component of an organic livestock operation." If organic farms violate organic rules, consumers are being misled and overcharged. In the case of milk, consumers pay extra — often double — when the carton says "USDA Organic" in the belief they are getting something different. Organic dairy sales amounted to $6 billion last year in the U.S. The failure to comply with organic standards also harms other farms, many of them small. Following the rules costs extra because grazing requires more land and because cows that dine on grass typically produce less milk. Whether an organic dairy is grazing its herd is relatively easy to see, especially if roads criss-cross their pastures. It is more difficult, however, for outsiders to judge whether a dairy is following other organic rules — such as those regarding hormones and organic feed. Ten years ago, after a complaint from a consumer group, Aurora faced USDA allegations that it breached organic rules regarding grazing and other issues. The USDA charged that Aurora was in "willful violation" of organic standards, but a settlement agreement allowed them to continue to operate. There have been no charges since then. But some small organic dairy farmers say that the new, large organic dairies that have popped up in the Southwest are violating standards. On one-day visits to several large organic operations in Texas and New Mexico, a Post reporter saw similarly empty pastures. It was difficult to determine where their milk winds up on retail shelves, however, and so no chemical tests were pursued. "About half of the organic milk sold in the U.S. is coming from very large factory farms that have no intention of living up to organic principles," said Mark Kastel of the Cornucopia Institute, a Wisconsin nonprofit group representing thousand of organic farmers. "Thousands of small organic farmers across the United States depend on the USDA organic system working. Unfortunately, right now, it's not working for small farmers, or for consumers." Integrity of 'USDA Organic' seal The "USDA Organic" seal that appears on food packaging — essentially a USDA guarantee of quality — was created by federal rules in 2000. Until then, convincing customers that a product was "organic" could be a murky proposition — everyone relied on informal definitions of organic and informal measures of trust. The "USDA Organic" seal changed that, standardizing concepts and setting rules. It has proven a boon: Organic food sales rose from about $6 billion annually in 2000 to $40 billion in 2015, according to the Organic Trade Association. The integrity of the new label, however, rested on an unusual system of inspections. Under organic rules, the USDA typically doesn't inspect farms. Instead, farmers hire their own inspectors from lists of private companies and other organizations licensed by the USDA. An inspector makes an annual visit and it is arranged days or weeks in advance. Only 5 percent of inspections are expected to be done unannounced. To keep the inspectors honest, the USDA reviews the records of each inspection outfit about every 2 1/2 years. This inspection system saves the USDA money because it doesn't have to hire many inspectors. The compliance and enforcement team at the USDA National Organic Program has nine people — one for every $4 billion in sales. McEvoy acknowledged that having farmers choose their inspection companies is "fairly unique" within the USDA, but he noted that rising sales show that consumers "trust the organic label." Others have doubts. Cornucopia publishes its own scorecard of organic dairies because, its officials say, the USDA has failed to weed out the bad. "Consumers look at that cartoon label on organic milk with a happy cow on green pasture with a red barn, but that's not always the reality," said Katherine Paul of the Organic Consumers Association. "What we've said all along is that organic milks are not created equal, and your results show that." Impact on small dairies At the other end of the scale from Aurora are many small dairies who have come to rely on the USDA Organic label, investing in the opportunity it represents, believing in its promise. Several years ago, for example, Bobby Prigel, a fourth-generation dairyman with a 300-acre spread of rolling pastures and white plank fences in northern Maryland, made the switch. With milk prices declining and feed costs rising, Prigel figured he had to try something different. The herd had been in the barn area for decades, munching feed. One day he shooed them out to pasture. Here's the funny thing, he said: his cows seemed confused. Though cows are natural grazers — like the wild aurochs they descended from — the grazing instincts of his cows had been dulled. "They didn't really know how to graze at first — they didn't know how to bend down and get grass with their tongues," Prigel said one day during a break on his farm. Nor were they accustomed to walking much. Prigel, meanwhile, had to make economic adjustments. Producing milk according to the "USDA Organic" standard costs more. To begin with, organic cows cannot be given hormones to stimulate milk production. And any feed or pasture for the cows must be organic — that is, grown without most synthetic pesticides. Second, to be considered organic, cows must obtain a certain percentage of their diet from grazing. Prigel is a purist and feeds his herd entirely from the pasture, but most organic dairies supplement the pasture with corn, soybeans or other grains, even during the grazing season. The grazing requirement makes milk more costly to produce because it requires a certain amount of pasture land and because a grazing cow produces less milk than one eating a grain diet optimized for milk production. With grass-fed cows, "there's just not nearly as much milk," Prigel said. On the upside, a farmer can sell certified organic milk for almost double the price of conventional, and there are other benefits, too: The milk is measurably different, and according to the USDA, it improves cow health and reduces the environmental impacts of agriculture. Moreover, because grazing is natural cow behavior, some believe it is more humane. "Cows aren't supposed to stay inside and eat corn," Prigel said. Conducting tests of milk The grazing season typically runs from spring until the first frost. To evaluate the Aurora operation, the Post visited the High Plains dairy complex nine days during that period — three in August, three in September and three in October. Roads criss-cross the farm allowing a view of their fields. In addition, in July, a satellite for Digital Globe snapped a high-resolution photo of the area. Each of those ten days, only a very small portion of the 15,000 cow herd was seen on pastures. Many more were seen in feed lots. In response, Aurora officials said that during the grazing season the cows are on pasture both day and night. Maybe, they said, on those days, the cows were elsewhere, being milked or otherwise tended. However, the Post visited at different times of the day, sometimes twice in a day. Because the cows are milked in shifts, thousands of them should be out at any given time, farmers said. Aurora did say that they stopped their grazing season on Sept. 30, so it's not surprising no cows were seen on the three days in October. It's unclear why Aurora decided to end their grazing season then, though, because the first frost was not until Oct. 20 in that area, according to weather records. To see whether a lack of grazing was apparent in the milk, the Post turned to Virginia Tech dairy science professor Benjamin Corl, who analyzed eight different milks, some organic, some not, and all bottled during grazing season. He performed the tests without knowing the brand names of the samples. Grass-fed cows tend to produce milk with elevated levels of two types of fat. One of the distinguishing fats is conjugated linoleic acid or CLA, which some regard as the clearest indicator of grass-feeding. The other is an "Omega-3" fat known as alpha-linolenic acid. Both have been associated with health benefits in humans, although the amounts found in milk are relatively small. Another type of fat — linoleic acid, an Omega-6 fat — tends to be sparser in milks that are pasture fed. The results: Prigel's milk stood out for its grassy origins. It ranked at the top for CLA and was a distant last for linoleic acid. The milk from Snowville Creamery, another brand that boasts of pasture-grazing, ranked second for CLA. "Those two milks stood out like sore thumbs," said Corl, who "You can tell those animals have been on grass." At the other extreme were the conventional milks — from 365 and Lucerne. They ranked, as expected, at the bottom for the fats associated with grass feeding and at the top for the fat associated with conventional feeding. Large organic brands — Horizon and Organic Valley — ranked roughly in between the extremes for two of the three measures. As for Aurora's milk, despite its "USDA Organic" label, it was very close to conventional milk. On two of the three measures, CLA and linoleic acid, they were pretty much the same as conventional milk. On the third measure, alpha-linolenic acid, Aurora ranked slightly better than the conventional milks, but below the other USDA organic samples. The milk tested by the Post had been processed at Aurora's Colorado processing plant, according to the number stamped on the bottle. More than 80 percent of the milk that Aurora sells is produced at its own farms; it also purchases milk from other dairies, according to the company. It wasn't the first time that Aurora milk has tested poorly for signs of grass feeding. In 2008, The Milkweed, a dairy economics report, compared Aurora's milk to other organic milks. Of 10 organic milks ranked for the fats associated with grass feeding, Aurora's was last. "There has been an obvious failure by USDA to enforce the organic pasture standard," Pete Hardin, editor and publisher of The Milkweed, said in a recent interview. Investigation 10 years ago Tuitele, the Aurora spokesperson, dismissed the milk tests and declined to comment in depth on them because they were "isolated" and because there are "so many variables that are unknown." She suggested that Aurora milk may have tested differently, not because of a lack of grazing, but because Colorado pastures may have different plants. But milks from the Rocky Mountain region and those from the Mid-Atlantic vary a little, according to a 2013 study of organic milks published in PlosOne — not enough to explain the gap in the results. Aurora's inspectors also stood by Aurora's milk. While most inspectors are private organizations, Aurora hired staff from the Colorado Department of Agriculture, which it pays about $13,000 annually. When asked about the Aurora inspection being done after grazing season, an official for the Colorado Department of Agriculture initially suggested that other audits may have been conducted at High Plains last year. But Tuitele later wrote that the November visit was the only audit of its High Plains complex last year. Aurora and their inspectors have been under scrutiny before. About 10 years ago, the USDA launched an investigation into Aurora's organic practices. By April 2007, USDA said it identified "willful violations" of organic rules by the dairy. Aurora had, among other things, for three years "failed to provide a total feed ration that included pasture." The USDA proposed to revoke Aurora's organic status. It also also proposed to suspend the Colorado Department of Agriculture from certifying organic livestock "due to the nature and extent of these violations." Four months later, though, the case was resolved. Aurora pledged to make improvements and was allowed to continue operating. It issued a press release saying that the USDA had "dismissed the complaints ... following an extensive review" — a finding contrary to the view at USDA, which issued a press release saying "the complaint was not dismissed." It noted that the consent agreement called for Aurora to "make major changes." For its part, the Colorado Department of Agriculture agreed "to make several changes in its operation," including hiring more personnel and staff training, according to a USDA press release. Aurora also settled a related class action lawsuit for $7.5 million in 2012, and said it did not admit wrongdoing. Since then, Aurora, already gargantuan, has continued to grow. In recent months it has been considering an expansion in Columbia, Mo., that may rely on milk from as many as 30,000 cows, according to local media coverage. The growth of mega-dairies that skimp on grazing and produce cheap milk appears to be crushing many small dairies, some analysts said. "The mom and pop — the smaller traditional family dairies — who are following the pasture rules are seeing their prices erode," said Hardin, The Milkweed editor. "It is creating a heck of a mess." Will Costello contributed to this report. Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call U.S. Department of Agriculture Breaking Popular Obits Arts & Ent Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 41°
Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Amazon offers free shipping on purchases of $25 Wal-Mart offers free two-day shipping on 2 million items Wal-Mart is offering free two-day shipping on more than 2 million items with no membership fee required. Wal-Mart is offering free two-day shipping on more than 2 million items with no membership fee required. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Get free shipping on orders of $25 from Amazon.com. Privacy Policy Take that Wal-Mart! Amazon.com has knocked 10 bucks off the minimum price to get items shipped for free. The Seattle-based online mega-retailer now offers free shipping on more than 50 million eligible items of $25 or more. Items should arrive in 5-8 business days, according to Amazon's shipping policy.  It's likely Wal-Mart will match Amazon's new move. The two companies have been duking it out for online supremacy.  In January, Wal-Mart started offering free shipping with $35 purchase on more than two million items. No membership fee is necessary. In April, the Bentonville-Ark.-based company begin offering a pickup discount on items ordered on Walmart.com and shipped to stores.  In response, Amazon, which upped the free shipping from $35 rate to $49 in 2015, lowered the threshold to $35 in February.  Free shipping is a major factor in online purchasing decisions, a new study by Internet Retailer and Bizrate Insights found. More than half of 2,800 participants surveyed rated free shipping as more important than fast shipping, chosen by 3 percent of respondents.  Doreen's Deals: As Macy's, JCP, Sears struggle, Amazon thrives with Fresh services Doreen Christensen At some point, Amazon may be the only retailer left in America. As stores such as HHGregg, The Limited, Macy's, Sears, JC Penney, Staples and others continue to close and struggle to survive, Amazon thrives. On Wednesday, the Seattle-based retailer introduced AmazonFresh, which is now bringing... At some point, Amazon may be the only retailer left in America. As stores such as HHGregg, The Limited, Macy's, Sears, JC Penney, Staples and others continue to close and struggle to survive, Amazon thrives. On Wednesday, the Seattle-based retailer introduced AmazonFresh, which is now bringing... (Doreen Christensen) Amazon Prime members still get free two-day-shipping on 50 million items with a yearly $99 membership fee or for $10.99 a month. The company offers a free trial  for 30 days.  Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter. Wal-Mart offering pickup discount on online orders Doreen Christensen Wal-Mart is offering a new way to save in stores starting April 19. The world's largest retailer will begin giving a pickup discount on more than 10,000 items ordered on Walmart.com and shipped to stores, the company announced. Wal-Mart says it plans to expand the discounts, which vary from a few... Wal-Mart is offering a new way to save in stores starting April 19. The world's largest retailer will begin giving a pickup discount on more than 10,000 items ordered on Walmart.com and shipped to stores, the company announced. Wal-Mart says it plans to expand the discounts, which vary from a few... (Doreen Christensen) Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Amazon.com Inc. Wal-Mart offers free two-day shipping on 2 million items Amaozn.com offers free shipping with a minimum purchase of $25. All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 73°
Reviews Appliances Electronics Gadgets Gaming Mobile Security Deals Gifts News Shop Reviews Audio Headphones Over the Ear Headphones Bluetooth Headphones Home Audio Home Theater Systems Home Theater Speakers Speakers Bluetooth Speakers Portable Speakers Wireless Speakers Appliances Kitchen Appliances Coffee Makers Microwaves Vacuum Cleaners Smart Home Automation Auto Tech Top Radar Detectors Computers Computer Accessories Desktop Computers Laptop Computers Laptops for College Wireless Routers Top Wireless Routers Electronics Digital Cameras Top DSLR Cameras Other Electronics Printers Televisions 4k TVs Video Cameras Gaming Gaming Accessories Gaming Laptops Gaming PCs Video Game Consoles Video Games Geek Toys Mobile Cell Phones Tablets iPads Security Home Security Home Security Systems Home Security Cameras Sports & Outdoors Camping Gear Vehicles Gadgets Gadgets for Men Kitchen Gadgets Top Chef Knives Coolest Gadgets Cool Furniture Fitness Gadgets Services Satellite TV DIRECTV vs DISH Gifts Star Wars Gifts Gifts for Gamers Gifts for Geeks Software News Search on Gadget Review Gadget Review ▸ Reviews ▸ Services ▸ Home and Lifestyle Services ▸ Netflix vs. VUDU (comparison) Home and Lifestyle Services Netflix vs. VUDU (comparison) Kristie Bertucci Updated August 3, 2015 Shares Looks like Netflix has more competition as VUDU emerges as an up-and-coming player in the movie rental biz. Both offer instant streaming movies, but Netflix requires a membership while VUDU is more of on-demand service. Both have loads of titles and releases, but which one is best for you? Read on to find out! Background Netflix has become the No. 1 provider of on-demand Internet streaming media and DVD-by-mail rental programs. Membership for Netflix includes either a DVD-by-mail rental program or unlimited streaming, with the option to have both for a higher membership fee. VUDU only provides an Internet streaming media option that features on-demand service so you only pay for what you watch, making it a video-on-demand program. User Friendly Netflix members will find that it’s quite easy to rent DVDs by mail or watch streaming movies, TV shows and more. Once you sign up online, whenever you want a movie, you go online and search for the movie title/show name and begin watching (that is if you have streaming membership). Those who have only DVD rentals choose their “wish list” and then get movies mailed to them. With no due dates, users can keep movies as long as they want before returning and starting all over again with their next desired movie. With VUDU, you get to stream directly to your VUDU-friendly device any time you’d like to watch movies. Just connect your HDTV, Blu-ray player, computer, or PlayStation 3/Xbox360 to the Internet and select VUDU as an option. Sign up for a free account and then browse through their selection of titles and then watch. You only pay per movie since it’s on-demand based. Winner: Tie since both are fairly easy to use. All you need is the Internet and you’re on your way to movie enjoyment! Compatible Devices Netflix offers quite a wide variety of compatible devices users can choose from. Its streaming service is available on devices, including: Xbox 360, PS3, Wii, iOS devices, some Android-based phones and tablets, the Windows phone, a few Internet-connected Blu-ray players and even some Internet-connected HTDTVs, TiVo or Roku, D-Link, home theater systems form the likes of Panasonic, LG, Sony, Samsung and Insignia. A great perk is that you can easily connect multiple devices to one account and then jump from device to device, while still leaving off at the same point you did on the last device. VUDU also has a bunch of devices where its services will work, such as PS3, Xbox 360 (it requires an Xbox LIVE Gold Membership, though), computers (PS and MAC) and even Apple’s iPad.  VUDU also asserts that it’s “available on virtually every Internet-connected Blu-ray player and HDTV on the market.” Winner: Netflix, obviously, offer more compatible devices so it’s a no brainer here! Titles Everybody knows that Netflix has quite the assortment of titles in its service. With more than 100,000 movies and TV shows on DVD and Blu-ray (even unrated and NC-17 ones) and “tens of thousands” of titles available for streaming (both TV and movies, along with many HD options), users can find old favorites and discover new ones.  VUDU users have access to 20,000 titles (and growing), including titles the same day they hit DVD. VUDU also claims it has the “most HD titles on demand” with more being added weekly. Their biggest claim to fame against Netflix is that they offer titles faster than Netflix would, stating that it takes Netflix 28 days later to have a new release on DVD and up to seven years for it to hit its streaming service. Winner: VUDU wins here since it offers new releases a lot faster than Netflix. Membership Perks VUDU was bought by Walmart back in July and this provided a huge step for the company as it launched VUDU streaming directly on Walmart.com for instant viewing. VUDU also offers a $5 credit for newcomers and offers HDX quality that makes viewing just like it is in the movie theater, featuring 1080p True Digital video and rich Dolby Digital Plus 7.1 surround sound. Users can now also use the website of America’s largest retailer as yet another outlet. Netflix allows for a month’s free trial so that new users can test out the service. Winner: Since Netflix offers unlimited streaming along with DVD rentals, there is a bit more bang for buck, and wins here. Content Netflix’s ability to land some big deals with movie companies has afforded them a wide assortment of content, from TV shows to movies. Since they’ve landed some pretty good content deals, users will find a great selection of TV shows from the likes of CBS, ABC, FOX, NBC and BBC libraries. Deals with Sony, NBC Universal and DreamWorks Animation (which is exclusive, but doesn’t start until 2013) also provide a large variety of content. But VUDU also scored some major content deals, too! They’ve been able to establish content licensing contracts with all major movie studios, as well as more than 50 smaller and indie studios, and that means a large library that might not be as large as Netflix, but is definitely on its way there. Winner: Netflix steals it here by having a wide assortment of TV shows and older movies that can’t be so easily found nowadays. Speed of Service VUDU’s minimum speed requirements for its services is: 480p: 1 Mbps for SD; 720p: 2.25 Mbs for HD; and 1080p: 4.5 Mbps for HDX. Netflix recommends that its users have a minimum speed of 500 kbps (0.5 MB) to get maximum results for its service. Winner: Tie Quality VUDU offers movies in HDX, which delivers the highest quality true High Definition 1080p content available from any Internet, broadcast or satellite on-demand service. It also provides rich Dolby Digital Plus 7.1 surround sound and offers many HD titles. Netflix also has HD movies and is capable of streaming 1080p video. Winner: VUDU’s had the edge with its HDX and 7.1-channel surround. Limitations Netflix users saw a price hike for using both streaming and DVD-by-mail rentals, which many might consider a limitation. Since VUDU’s services are on a per-movie basis, you can easily rack up a high tab if you go movie crazy. Winner: Netflix has less limitations for the money; they just offer more. Price Netflix charges $7.99 for unlimited streaming movies OR unlimited one-disc at a time rental service ($11.99 for 2 unlimited). For those that want both, they’ll have to dish out $15.98 a month. Netflix also offers Blu-ray discs for an additional $2 a month. Unlike Netflix, VUDU is s available without a monthly subscription or contract with some movies available to rent for just $2 for 2 nights. But some movies can cost up to $5 a pop (HDX is the most expensive option, but usually it’s SD for $3.99 and HD for $4.99). You can also opt to purchase the video and this various per movie. Winner: Netflix’s monthly charge doesn’t look so bad compared to VUDU’s per-movie charge. Overall Winner Netflix wins! VUDU might be quickly crouching on Netflix’s tail, but it still hasn’t overtaken the popular movie rental service. Its low monthly fee and numerous titles proves it can’t be beat! Tweet It Like It Google + Linkedin Pin it Stumble Kristie Bertucci Kristie Bertucci is an L.A.-based writer, who can't live without her MacBook Pro. When she's not writing, she's either reading or shopping (online, of course) and loves lazy days so she can catch up on her DVR-recorded shows and movies. She's definitely a Mac girl, she loves music and is currently on a mission to to have an insane and enviable iTunes library. Sponsored Content Related Posts How to Save Money on Your Cable Bill (how to) iTunes TV & Movies vs. Hulu Plus (comparison) Spotify Premium Review Amazon Video Launches Separate, Standalone Service, No Prime Required iLoad Your iPod without a Computer Netflix vs Crackle (comparison) 29 Comments to Netflix vs. VUDU (comparison) LIZ CAMPBEL on BEWARE!!!!! I WAS OFFERED A DISCOUNT WHICH I DIDN’T RECEIVE. I ASKED FOR IT. AFTER 6 WEEKS OF NO ANSWER, I DISPUTED THE CHARGE WITH MY BANK AND FOR THAT VUDU SUSPENDED MY ACCOUNT. I NO LONGER HAVE ACCESS TO MY 200+ MOVIES (I PAID VUDU $5 TO CONVERT OR BOUGHT NEW MOVIES – $200 OVER LAST 2 YEARS). TO GET ACCESS BACK, I HAVE TO CANCEL THE DISPUTE WITH MY BANK, PROVIDE PROOF TO VUDU AND ONLY THEN DO THEY SAY THEY WILL RESOLVE MY BILLING ISSUE. I HAVE NO FAITH THAT, AFTER SPENDING HOURS TO DO WHAT THEY ASK, THEY’D REFUND MY MONEY. THEY HAD 6 WEEKS TO DO IT BEFORE AND DID NOT! WHAT KIND OF COMPANY SUSPENDS YOUR ACCOUNT WHEN YOU POINT OUT AN OVERCHARGE INSTEAD OF ADDRESSING YOUR ISSUE? ONE OWNED BY WALMART WITH THE WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE EVER!!!! I’M USING FLIXSTER TO VIEW, AMAZON AND ITUNE TO BUY MOVIES FROM NOW ON. THEY TREAT THEIR CUSTOMERS SO POORLY!!! I SEE OTHERS HERE HAVE HAD SIMILAR PROBLEMS (SEE SWAMPGATOR89’S REVIEW BELOW) Like · Reply · 6 mins Reply David Mead Sr. on Total ripoff. Rental movies are continually interrupted for downloading. Very aggregating. I wanted my money back. Too bad. Good selection of movies. – but no good if they are continually interrupted. Reply Christen Costa on David, that’s no good. Were you able to check with your ISP and make sure they’re not throttling you? I only ask, because some ISPs have data limits. Reply SwampGator89 on Vudu sucks. I will never use Vudu again and recommend that nobody does. I actually purchased several movies from Vudu and the buffering throughout one movie was so bad, I couldn’t watch it (but had no problems with Fantango, Apple TV, Hulu, Netflix). I tried contacting Vudu to get a refund but Vudu makes it impossible to get in tough with it for any reason. So I challenged the charge through my credit card company who got no response from Vudu as well (Vudu was given every opportunity to respond, but just ignored it). So my credit card company refunded me the charge for the 1 movie purchased that I couldn’t watch, and Vudu responded by suspending my account so I can’t watch any of the 8 other movies purchased from Vudu. It’s fraud and I’ll be taking the appropriate action against Vudu. Reply Lee on I will never ever again use VUDU…I signed up with VUDU last year and received a coupon code. I then used it to watch a movie. With in less than a minute I realized that I’ve already seen the movie so I then immediately turned it off and called VUDU to see if there was anything that can be done since I didn’t watch the movie. I was advised that they would give me the credit back to my acct. since I didn’t watch the movie. I was very pleased to hear this. I really don’t use VUDU often so a couple of months later I ordered a show from VUDU expecting it to use my code, instead it used my PayPal acct. I called VUDU, spoke to the rudest supervisor who basically called me a liar. Not only did she say that I never received a credit but also told me that I never ordered the movie from them. I will never again use VUDU & I will advise everyone against using them as well. Reply shadoe on The most stupid article I’ve ever read. Vudu wins always cause they have tons of new releases and lots of more movie and TV availability. If you buy something on vudu, its yours to keep. Where on Netflix, you can’t do that. matter fact Netflix be removing TV shows and movies and vudu doesn’t. Netflix is for broke people who don’t wanna pay for movies, so they just watch whatever’s available. you could connect vudu with amazon and Disney anywhere. You can’t do that with Netflix. Who ever wrote this article must be a Netflix fan boy.. Never compare vudu with Netflix. go do some more research before writing a article. Reply Dennis on Actually, Vudu loses hands down. For less than the price of two streamed movies in HD from Vudu, I can have a new DVD everyday from Netflix for a month. Thirty vs two. Duh. Reply Venod on *****BEWARE the RENT IS ONLY JUST 24 HRS. My Money so wasted I purchased 2 days before I could watch. ***** Reply Jpnh on I’m surprised no one has gone more into availability of content. Netflix will add or drop shows seemingly on a whim. If I see something available, I always want it available. That’s where I like Vudu, where once I buy content I can feel confident that I will always have access to it. Reply SortingHat on Wow! I guess it’s not autism that makes me not like unknowns. I was always wondering the differences and I guess that wins it for me having Vudu be more stable then Netflix on what it offers even though you pay as you go which is good if you only watch movies once in a while. Reply Eruc on I’d be curious to know how these services stack up against each other today, two years after this comparison was made. Anyone know or willing to put it to the test? Reply Bobsk8 on Vudu, you need 2.25 MBS for HD, I don’t get that on my DSL. I have no problem watching HD on Netflix. Reply Conor James on I think Vudu actually should win the compadiable devices catagory, since you can download the movies you bought to devices such as the ipad, allowing you to watch your movie without an internet connection. Reply Stephen Riss on You are drop dead goregous!!! Reply Bridget on Netflix is good for the day to day movie/tv watching. I dont have cable and use a combination of Netflix/ HuluPlus/ Network TV. When I want to rent a movie I use Vudu/ Amazon depending on who has the cheapest rental fee. Vudu is JUST another option for having a cable like experience without the cable like price. VERY budget friendly and you can watch the movie as many times as you want in a time period. Reply SortingHat on We used to use Amazon but recently their player has screwed up and now want to charge 100$ a year after a few times of watching it. But that aside their player is one to be desired. If you like to rewind movies you can only do it 2 times or it will freeze up requiring the *player* to be shut down in a control alt del way and forced to turn on the movie all over again and have to find where you left off. If you like captioning it will say *On* and their onboard captions do not work. :( I like captioning as I don’t keep up with fast paced movies very well. Reply Vudu Convert on I was a long time netflix user. The availability of new titles is what killed it for me. I just signed up for Vudu today. I like how they will offer newer titles way faster than netflix. If people are honest they will agree netflix has way more movies but the majority of them are ones you wouldn’t watch anyway. You will find yourself wanting to watch recent releases while netflix shugs their shoulders LOL! Reply sledge hammer on my xbox live ran out today,and yet my vudu is on thru the xbox right now.netflix wont even let you in to browse without the xbox live.although it may be cuz i have digital copies and movies i already own in the vudu service. Reply Johnny on Very nice summation. Thanks Kristie Johnny A Reply johnny on Very nice summation – Thanks Kristie Johnny A Reply Tango on minor problem with netflix, they usually only have season one maybe season two of a show and the rest of the seasons are never available. I have to watch them on Hulu plus. Reply Big Michael Kank on Really nice review, i learned alot of it, thank you. Reply My4prnsses on Why pay for each rental individually with Vudu, unless you RARELY use it.  For those of us who are tired of the cable and satellite prices, Netflix is the answer.  If I want to watch network shows, they are available to watch for free.  The only reason I ever use Vudu is if I want to watch a new release because it is cheap-unless I rent from Redbox for $1.29. Reply shadoe on You sound broke Reply mike kahk on U type like a n1993r. Reply Biggmike40 on Kristie is gorgeous Reply Bluesaltyocean99 on who wants to pay per movie on Vudu…I have been a member of Netflix since it started, I have the cheapest plan…less than $16.00 a month for unlimited streaming movies…I think it is the better deal… Reply Gadget Gator on Depends on if you want better quality or not. The VUDU videos are amazingly good and start up instantly. They have a growing selection of 3d titles as well which look great. Also for someone that only watches a movie once in awhile, the VUDU option would be more cost effective. It just depends on how much content you consume and what quality you want it. Reply Angelina Stevens on Vudu will be bought by Google in the near future. That’s been predicted and it’ll be better. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website ← Previous Post Next Post → Follow us 21,552 Fans 13,780 Subscribers 11,364 Followers Top Home and Lifestyle Service Reviews Netflix vs. Hulu Plus: The Rematch in 2014 (comparison) 6 More Obscure HBO Shows To Start Streaming From Prime (List) DISH Customers Can Nix Annoying Wires With The Wireless Joey Want HBO Without Cable? It's Possible! Google Play Reportedly Offers One-Time Free Nexus 5 Replacement Best Amazon Prime Review YouTube Creates New Home For Your Favorite Music Videos, Reveals Monthly Subscription Service (video) HBO Standalone Streaming Due in Time for Game of Thrones Premiere Netflix App Now Available with Dish Network Sling TV Review: An Internet TV Solution That Simply Works What is Hulu Plus? 8 Best Apps for Cutting the Cord Netflix vs. Amazon Prime vs. Hulu Plus Sling TV Adds AMC To Lineup, Launches Today Bond: Send Hand-Written Letters/Cards Without Hand Cramps HBO Go Hits the PS4, Well Ahead of Game of Thrones Premiere Dish and DirecTV Channel Guide HBO Now Available Through Apple Devices, Starting April 10 Reasons to Get Hulu Plus Dish Network Updates Dish Anywhere App with Personalization Features Amazon Prime Now 1-Hour Delivery Heads to Dallas Sling TV Gets HBO Ahead of Game of Thrones Premiere Spotify Offers Video, Podcasts, and More in Massive Update Showtime Standalone Service Arrives in July, Cheaper than HBO 8 Best Apps for Cutting the Cord AT&T Offers New DIRECTV Services with its Wireless Plans Amazon Prime Now Allows Movie And TV Downloads LG Offers Free Smart TV Upgrade, DirecTV Services for Sept. 21st DISH Network Review, A Hands On Experience DISH Network and DirecTV Channel Guide Comcast Testing Unlimited Data For $35 a Month Comcast's Stream TV Doesn't Affect Data Caps: Will the FCC Ban It? Gadget Review is home to some of the best consumer reviews online on top gadgets ranging from the best gadgets to the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and top ten product comparisons. Do you want to make an educated buying decision and shop online with confidence? Geek Out with the latest desktop computers, best gaming laptops, best headphones and the latest gadget news and top product reviews online. Gadget Review is also, home to some of the best top consumer reviews online with top ten consumer product comparisons to the latest gadget news, to top gadgets ranging from the top home security systems, the best satellite tv networks and expert product reviews, as well as the best product daily deals and giveaways. Copyright © 2016 Gadget Review Your lifestyle gadget site. All Rights Reserved. ----- About Privacy Terms News Categories Contact HTML XML
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 67° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunshine and some clouds. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 88F. Winds WSW at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Mainly clear early, then a few clouds later on. Low near 65F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: May 9, 2017 @ 1:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close The Associated Press This Wednesday, June 29, 2016, photo, shows a Target store in Hialeah, Fla.   (AP Photo/Alan Diaz) Target testing a restocking program for household essentials Associated Press 9 hrs ago (…) This Wednesday, June 29, 2016, photo, shows a Target store in Hialeah, Fla.   (AP Photo/Alan Diaz) The Associated Press NEW YORK • Target is testing a program that lets customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry, and comes as Target is trying to enhance its online services to better compete with Wal-Mart and online leader Amazon. Target Restock, announced on the company's blog Monday, is limited for now to some employees at the company's headquarters in Minneapolis. Target says it plans to pilot the service in the same area this summer to shoppers in its REDcard loyalty program. The program will include more than 8,000 items including nonperishable food like granola bars and coffee. Shoppers will be able to fill a box with up to 45 pounds of goods and have the orders shipped for what Target called "a low flat fee." Spokesman Eddie Baeb says the company doesn't have a fee set but intends to be "very competitive" with similar offerings. Amazon Pantry charges a $5.99 a box and the shipping is not expedited. Target Restock boxes will be packaged at a nearby store, allowing Target workers to fulfill orders before 1:30 p.m. by the next business day. Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Company headquarters that have moved from St. Louis What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Baeb said there are no current plans for a nationwide rollout, and any expansion depends on the performance of the service. "There are lots of logistics we want to figure out," he said. Meanwhile, Target quietly raised its threshold for free shipping to $35 from $25 on Sunday, matching Wal-Mart's current level. Target had lowered it to $25 from $50 in 2015. In late January, Wal-Mart lowered its limit to $35 from $50, and Amazon then lowered its free two-day shipping threshold to $35 from $49 for non-Prime members. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. This Wednesday, June 29, 2016, photo, shows a Target store in Hialeah, Fla.   (AP Photo/Alan Diaz) The Associated Press Tags Business Shipping Commerce Economics Wal-mart Amazon View (…) comments Most popular If you have a minor health problem, don't expect Anthem to pay for your ER visit Schnucks names Peacock new president and chief operating officer Camping World CEO says Gander Mountain made a bad bet on guns Family booted from Delta flight and threatened with jail after refusing to give up toddler's seat Limited-access club planned for Southwest terminal Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Law firm says elevated levels of radioactivity found in four more Bridgeton homes Sinclair Broadcast to buy Tribune Media for about $3.9 billion A slide in egg sales pulls Post Holdings' second-quarter revenue lower Camping World CEO releases list of Gander Mountains that will remain open Target testing a restocking program for household essentials Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Give a shout out to your graduate in a full-color section of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and online at STLtoday.com. Subscribe today Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 30 mins S&P 500 2,399.38 +0.09 (+0.00%) Dow 30 21,012.28 +5.34 (+0.03%) Nasdaq 6,102.66 +1.90 (+0.03%) Watch Now Yahoo Finance's complete coverage of Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Shareholders Meeting Warren Buffett just confirmed the death of retail as we know it Hayley Peterson Business Insider May 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos Warren BuffetMore (Warren Buffett.Mario Tama/Getty Images) Warren Buffett says that in 10 years, the retail industry will look nothing like it does now. "The department store is online now," the billionaire investor said Saturday at Berkshire Hathaway's annual meeting in Omaha, Nebraska, as Business Insider's Bob Bryan reported. "I have no illusion that 10 years from now will look the same as today, and there will be a few things along the way that surprise us," he said. "The world has evolved, and it's going to keep evolving, but the speed is increasing." Charlie Munger, the vice chairman, chimed in, saying, "It would certainly be unpleasant if we were in the department-store business." Buffett isn't just sounding off about the demise of traditional retail — he has been pulling his money out of the industry as well. Berkshire Hathaway fired a warning signal for the retail industry in February when it sold off $900 million of Walmart stock, choosing instead to invest billions in airlines. The sale left Buffett with nearly no shares of Walmart at a time when world's largest retailer is investing billions in the battle to catch up to Amazon. View photos Retailers stores closing 2017More (Mike Nudelman) In an interview with CNBC after the sale, Buffett said retail was "too tough" of an investment, especially in the age of Amazon. "I think retailing is just too tough for me, just generally," Buffett said. "We bought a department store in 1966, and I got my head handed to me. I've been in various things in retailing. ... I bought Tesco over in the UK and got my head handed to me. Retailing is very tough, and I think the online thing is hard to figure out." Buffett's comments come at a time of massive upheaval for the retail industry. US retailers have been closing stores and filing for bankruptcy at rates not seen since the recession. Brick-and-mortar retailers have announced more than 3,200 store closures so far this year, and Credit Suisse analysts expect that number to increase to more than 8,600 before the end of the year. For comparison, 6,163 stores shut down in 2008, the worst year for closures on record. Stores are closing because of the rise of e-commerce and shifts in how people spend their money. Shoppers are devoting bigger shares of their wallets to entertainment, restaurants, and technology and spending less on clothing and accessories. Department stores like Macy's, Sears, and JCPenney have been hit the hardest by these trends — since 2001, department stores have lost half a million jobs. Buffett isn't the only investor who thinks these trends are permanent. The asset management company Cohen & Steers released a report last week supporting that theory. "We see this retail weakness, which is occurring despite a relatively healthy economy, as part of a permanent evolution in how and where Americans spend their money," the firm, which manages $58.5 billion in assets, said in the report. "We expect the paradigm shift taking place to dramatically alter the retail landscape, with potentially significant implications for real estate investors." NOW WATCH: We tried Starbucks' new color-changing Unicorn Frappuccino that's taking over Instagram More From Business Insider KFC just published a ridiculously raunchy and bizarre romance novella starring a Casanova Colonel Sanders — here are the steamiest parts Target's 'colossal flop' in Canada has turned into a sinister omen for American retailers A $59 billion investor just issued a dire warning about the retail apocalypse Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Insiders say Trump keeps clashing with his national security adviser Business Insider Warren Buffett’s one-word answer for why he hasn’t purchased Amazon shares CNBC JAMIE DIMON: There is a 'national catastrophe' and 'we should be ringing the alarm bells' Business Insider United Airlines apologizes after sending woman to San Francisco instead of Paris Business Insider Ancient, giant viruses are being unearthed in Arctic ice that's at risk of melting Business Insider Sally Yates and Ted Cruz get into heated battle over Trump's immigration ban Business Insider How to delete your data from your old devices Yahoo Finance Here's how much Nvidia will make off the Nintendo Switch Yahoo Finance Buffett: 'Everything in valuation gets back to interest rates' Yahoo Finance Video Disney and JOLTS — What you need to know in markets on Tuesday Yahoo Finance A man who paid off $116,000 by 30 shares his No. 1 savings tip CNBC Why the Army Thinks It Needs a Bigger Bullet The Fiscal Times Colin Kaepernick is still mysteriously a free agent, and some in the NFL reportedly think he's moved on from football Business Insider What to Watch in the Markets Tuesday, May 9 Yahoo Finance Video Stocks in flux following French election Yahoo Finance 'Most of benefits go to millionaires': George Stephanopoulos grills Paul Ryan over Republican healthcare bill Business Insider Sally Yates says she warned White House that Flynn could be 'blackmailed' by Russians Mike000427: A lot of Hillary Clinton comments in here, really shows you guys don't understand any of this. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 803
News Sports Business Food 74° Full Menu 74° Home Customer Service Customer Service Newsletters Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Buy Tickets Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us Bobby Prigel, owner of Prigel Family Creamery, leads cows to a barn for morning milking in Glen Arm, Md. Prigel is a purist and feeds his herd entirely from the pasture, but most organic dairies supplement the pasture with corn, soybeans or other grains, even during the grazing season. Matt McClain The Washington Post National May 08, 2017 3:31 PM Why your milk may not be truly organic By Peter Whoriskey The Washington Post LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The High Plains dairy complex reflects the new scale of the U.S. organic industry: it is big. Stretching across miles of pastures and feedlots north of Greeley, Colorado, the complex is home to more than 15,000 cows, making it more than a hundred times the size of a typical organic herd. It is the main facility of Aurora Organic Dairy, a company that produces enough milk to supply the house brands of Walmart, Costco, and other major retailers. “We take great pride in our commitment to organic, and in our ability to meet the rigorous criteria of the USDA organic regulations,” Aurora advertises. But a closer look at Aurora and other large operations highlights critical weaknesses in the unorthodox inspection system that the USDA uses to ensure that “organic” food is really organic. The U.S. organic market now counts more than $40 billion in annual sales, and includes products imported from about 100 countries. To enforce the organic rules across this vast industry, the USDA allows farmers to hire and pay their own inspectors to certify them as “USDA Organic.” Industry defenders say enforcement is robust. But the problems at an entity like Aurora suggests that even large, prominent players can fall short of standards without detection. With milk, the critical issue is grazing. Organic dairies are required to allow the cows to graze daily throughout the growing season - that is, the cows are supposed to be grass-fed, not confined to barns and feed lots. This method is considered more natural and alters the constituents of the cows milk in ways consumers deem beneficial. But during visits by The Washington Post to Aurora’s High Plains complex across nine days last year, signs of grazing were sparse, at best. Aurora said their animals were out on pasture day and night but during most Post visits the number of cows seen on pasture numbered in the hundreds. A high-resolution satellite photo taken in mid-July by Digital Globe, a space imagery vendor, shows a typical situation - only a few hundred on pasture. At no point were there any more than 10 percent of the herd out. In response, Aurora spokesperson Sonja Tuitele dismissed the Post visits as anomalies and “drive-bys.” The milk produced also provides evidence that Aurora cows do not graze as required by organic rules. Testing conducted for the Post by Virginia Tech scientists shows that on a key indicator of grass-feeding, the Aurora milk matched conventional milk, not organic. Finally, the Post contacted the inspectors who visited Aurora’s High Plains dairy and certified it as “USDA Organic.” Did their inspectors have evidence that the Aurora cows met the grazing requirement? It turns out that they were poorly positioned to know. The inspectors conducted the annual audit well after grazing season - in November. That means that during the annual audit, inspectors would not have seen whether the cows were grazing as required, a breach of USDA inspection policy. “We would expect that inspectors are out there during the grazing season,” said Miles McEvoy, chief of the National Organic Program at USDA. He said that the grazing requirement is “a critical compliance component of an organic livestock operation.” If organic farms violate organic rules, consumers are being misled and overcharged. In the case of milk, consumers pay extra - often double - when the carton says “USDA Organic” in the belief they are getting something different. Organic dairy sales amounted to $6 billion last year in the U.S. The failure to comply with organic standards also harms other farms, many of them small. Following the rules costs extra because grazing requires more land and because cows that dine on grass typically produce less milk. Whether an organic dairy is grazing its herd is relatively easy to see, especially if roads criss-cross their pastures. It is more difficult, however, for outsiders to judge whether a dairy is following other organic rules - such as those regarding hormones and organic feed. Ten years ago, after a complaint from a consumer group, Aurora faced USDA allegations that it breached organic rules regarding grazing and other issues. The USDA charged that Aurora was in “willful violation” of organic standards, but a settlement agreement allowed them to continue to operate. There have been no charges since then. But some small organic dairy farmers say that the new, large organic dairies that have popped up in the Southwest are violating standards. On one-day visits to several large organic operations in Texas and New Mexico, a Post reporter saw similarly empty pastures. It was difficult to determine where their milk winds up on retail shelves, however, and so no chemical tests were pursued. “About half of the organic milk sold in the U.S. is coming from very large factory farms that have no intention of living up to organic principles,” said Mark Kastel of the Cornucopia Institute, a Wisconsin-based nonprofit group representing thousand of organic farmers. “Thousands of small organic farmers across the United States depend on the USDA organic system working. Unfortunately, right now, it’s not working for small farmers, or for consumers.” --- The “USDA Organic” seal that appears on food packaging - essentially a USDA guarantee of quality - was created by federal rules in 2000. Until then, convincing customers that a product was “organic” could be a murky proposition - everyone relied on informal definitions of organic and informal measures of trust. The “USDA Organic” seal changed that, standardizing concepts and setting rules. It has proven a boon: Organic food sales rose from about $6 billion annually in 2000 to $40 billion in 2015, according to the Organic Trade Association. The integrity of the new label, however, rested on an unusual system of inspections. Under organic rules, the USDA typically doesn’t inspect farms. Instead, farmers hire their own inspectors from lists of private companies and other organizations licensed by the USDA. An inspector makes an annual visit and it is arranged days or weeks in advance. Only five percent of inspections are expected to be done unannounced. To keep the inspectors honest, the USDA reviews the records of each inspection outfit about every 2 1/2 years. This inspection system saves the USDA money because it doesn’t have to hire many inspectors. The compliance and enforcement team at the USDA National Organic Program has nine people - one for every $4 billion in sales. McEvoy acknowledged that having farmers choose their inspection companies is “fairly unique” within the USDA, but he noted that rising sales show that consumers “trust the organic label.” Others have doubts. Cornucopia publishes its own scorecard of organic dairies because, its officials say, the USDA has failed to weed out the bad. “Consumers look at that cartoon label on organic milk with a happy cow on green pasture with a red barn, but that’s not always the reality,” said Katherine Paul of the Organic Consumers Association. “What we’ve said all along is that organic milks are not created equal, and your results show that.” --- At the other end of the scale from Aurora are many small dairies who have come to rely on the USDA Organic label, investing in the opportunity it respresents, believing in its promise. Several years ago, for example, Bobby Prigel, a fourth-generation dairyman with a 300-acre spread of rolling pastures and white plank fences in northern Maryland, made the switch. With milk prices declining and feed costs rising, Prigel figured he had to try something different. The herd had been in the barn area for decades, munching feed. One day he shooed them out to pasture. Here’s the funny thing, he said: his cows seemed confused. Though cows are natural grazers - like the wild aurochs they descended from -the grazing instincts of his cows had been dulled. “They didn’t really know how to graze at first - they didn’t know how to bend down and get grass with their tongues,” Prigel said one day during a break on his farm. Nor were they accustomed to walking much. Prigel, meanwhile, had to make economic adjustments. Producing milk according to the “USDA Organic” standard costs more. To begin with, organic cows cannot be given hormones to stimulate milk production. And any feed or pasture for the cows must be organic - that is, grown without most synthetic pesticides. Second, to be considered organic, cows must obtain a certain percentage of their diet from grazing. Prigel is a purist and feeds his herd entirely from the pasture, but most organic dairies supplement the pasture with corn, soybeans or other grains, even during the grazing season. The grazing requirement makes milk more costly to produce because it requires a certain amount of pasture land and because a grazing cow produces less milk than one eating a grain diet optimized for milk production. With grass-fed cows, “there’s just not nearly as much milk,” Prigel said. On the upside, a farmer can sell certified organic milk for almost double the price of conventional, and there are other benefits, too: The milk is measurably different, and according to the USDA, it improves cow health and reduces the environmental impacts of agriculture. Moreover, because grazing is natural cow behavior, some believe it is more humane. “Cows aren’t supposed to stay inside and eat corn,” Prigel said. --- The grazing season typically runs from spring until the first frost and to evaluate the Aurora operation, The Post visited the High Plains dairy complex nine days during that period - three in August, three in September and three in October. Roads criss-cross the farm allowing a view of their fields. In addition, in July, a satellite for Digital Globe snapped a high-resolution photo of the area. Each of those ten days, only a very small portion of the 15,000 cow herd was seen on pastures. Many more were seen in feed lots. In response, Aurora officials said that during the grazing season the cows are on pasture both day and night. Maybe, they said, on those days, the cows were elsewhere, being milked or otherwise tended. However, the Post visited at different times of the day, sometimes twice in a day. Because the cows are milked in shifts, thousands of them should be out at any given time, farmers said. Aurora did say that they stopped their grazing season on September 30, so it’s not surprising no cows were seen on the three days in October. It’s unclear why Aurora decided to end their grazing season then, though, because the first frost was not until October 20 in that area, according to weather records. To see whether a lack of grazing was apparent in the milk, the Post turned to Virginia Tech dairy science professor Benjamin Corl, who analyzed eight different milks, some organic, some not, and all bottled during grazing season. He performed the tests without knowing the brand names of the samples. Grass-fed cows tend to produce milk with elevated levels of two types of fat. One of the distinguishing fats is conjugated linoleic acid or CLA, which some regard as the clearest indicator of grass-feeding. The other is an “Omega-3” fat known as alpha-linolenic acid. Both have been associated with health benefits in humans, although the amounts found in milk are relatively small. Another type of fat - linoleic acid, an Omega-6 fat - tends to be sparser in milks that are pasture fed. The results: Prigel’s milk stood out for its grassy origins. It ranked at the top for CLA and was a distant last for linoleic acid. The milk from Snowville Creamery, another brand that boasts of pasture-grazing, ranked second for CLA. “Those two milks stood out like sore thumbs,” said Corl, who “You can tell those animals have been on grass.” At the other extreme were the conventional milks - from 365 and Lucerne. They ranked, as expected, at the bottom for the fats associated with grass feeding and at the top for the fat associated with conventional feeding. Large organic brands - Horizon and Organic Valley - ranked roughly in between the extremes for two of the three measures. As for Aurora’s milk, despite its the “USDA Organic” label, it was very close to conventional milk. On two of the three measures, CLA and linoleic acid, they were pretty much the same as conventional milk. On the third measure, alpha-linolenic acid, Aurora ranked slightly better than the conventional milks, but below the other USDA organic samples. The milk tested by the Post had been processed at Aurora’s Colorado processing plant, according to the number stamped on the bottle. More than 80 percent of the milk that Aurora sells is produced at its own farms; it also purchases milk from other dairies, according to the company. It wasn’t the first time that Aurora milk has tested poorly for signs of grass feeding. In 2008, the Milkweed, a dairy economics report compared Aurora’s milk to other organic milks. Of 10 organic milks ranked for the fats assocated with grass feeding, Aurora’s was last. “There has been an obvious failure by USDA to enforce the organic pasture standard,” Pete Hardin, editor and publisher of The Milkweed, said in a recent interview. --- Tuitele, the Aurora spokesperson, dismissed the milk tests and declined to comment in depth on them because they were “isolated” and because there are “so many variables that are unknown.” She suggested that Auurora milk may have tested differently, not because of a lack of grazing, but because Colorado pastures may have different plants. But milks from the Rocky Mountain region and those from the Mid-Atlantic vary a little, according to a 2013 study of organic milks published in PlosOne - not enough to explain the gap in the results. Aurora’s inspectors also stood by Aurora’s milk. While most inspectors are private organizations, Aurora hired staff from the Colorado Department of Agriculture, which it pays about $13,000 annually. When asked about the Aurora inspection being done after grazing season, an official with the Colorado Department of Agriculture initially suggested that other audits may have been conducted at High Plains last year. But Tuitele later wrote that the November visit was the only audit of its High Plains complex last year. Aurora and their inspectors have been under scrutiny before. About 10 years ago, the USDA launched an investigation into Aurora’s organic practices. By April 2007, USDA said it identified “willful violations” of organic rules by the dairy. Aurora had, among other things, for three years “failed to provide a total feed ration that included pasture.” The USDA proposed to revoke Aurora’s organic status. It also also proposed to suspend the Colorado Department of Agriculture from certifying organic livestock “due to the nature and extent of these violations.” Four months later, though, the case was resolved. Aurora pledged to make improvements and was allowed to continue operating. It issued a press release saying that the USDA had “dismissed the complaints...following an extensive review” - a finding contrary to the view at USDA, which issued a press release saying “the complaint was not dismissed.” It noted that the consent agreement called for Aurora to “make major changes.” For its part, the Colorado Department of Agriculture agreed “to make several changes in its operation,” including hiring more personnel and staff training, according to a USDA press release. Aurora also settled a related class action lawsuit for $7.5 million in 2012, and said it did not admit wrongdoing. Since then, Aurora, already gargantuan, has continued to grow. In recent months it has been considering an expansion in Columbia, Mo., that may rely on milk from as many as 30,000 cows, according to local media coverage. The growth of mega-dairies that skimp on grazing and produce cheap milk appears to be crushing many small dairies, some analysts said. “The mom and pop - the smaller traditional family dairies - who are following the pasture rules are seeing their prices erode,” said Hardin, The Milkweed editor. “It is creating a heck of a mess.” Will Costello contributed to this report. Bobby Prigel, owner of Prigel Family Creamery, lays on a hammock after eating lunch at his home in Glen Arm, Md. Matt McClain The Washington Post Cows are seen at Tejas Dune, LLC in 2015 Muleshoe, Texas. There were no cows visibly grazing around the dairy when the photo was taken. Matt McClain The Washington Post 1 of 2 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago Rollover crash from the point of view of a school bus driver 5:31 4 days ago Rollover crash from the point of view of a school bus driver 0:49 10 days ago Bodycam video shows police officer saving man from jumping off roof 0:25 20 days ago Rare white squirrel spotted in Mississippi park View More Video National The Latest: Family of shooting victims: Arrest bittersweet Fire destroys historic barn at UConn's main campus The Latest: Attorney: Travel ban is religiously motivated Zinke questions monument status as way to save sacred land Pipe shop owner, manager not guilty in drug-related trial National Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Deals LEGO Ninjago Ultra Stealth Raider for $65 + pickup at Walmart LEGO Ninjago Ultra Stealth Raider for $65 + pickup at Walmart Published: 20 hours ago / Buy Now $65 Buy Now Walmart offers the LEGO Ninjago Ultra Stealth Raider for $69.05. Opt for in-store pickup to cut that to $67.08. (Amazon has it for the same with free shipping.) That's the lowest price we could find by $3, although most stores charge around $80 or more. It includes seven mini-figures, the raider vehicle, twin 6-stud rapid shooters, two spring-loaded shooters, six detachable golden ninja swords, and two golden shurikens. Update: The price has dropped to $67.08 before in-cart discount, $65.11 after. Amazon is now a few bucks more. facebook twitter googleplus linkedin more more + comments 0 email tumblr stumble reddit pinterest digg Related Deals SEE ALL Bright Starts Hide 'n Spin Monkey for $28 + pickup at Walmart LEGO Star Wars at Toys"R"Us: Up to 20% off + free shipping w/ $29 Sesame Street Hoopers Store Play Tent for $14 + pickup at Walmart Step2 Shootin Hoops 72" Pro Basketball Set for $43 + free shipping Popular deals Hauck Lightning Go Kart for $100 + free shipping Fidget Hand Tri-Spinner Toy for $4 + free shipping DHP Emily Convertible Futon for $54 + pickup at Walmart Coleman 8-Person Tenaya Lake Cabin Tent for $88 + pickup at Walmart Clearance Toys at Walmart from $1 + free shipping w/ $35 Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Political News Yates: Alarm about Russian blackmail led to warning on Flynn Local News Longtime NCCU employee dies in Durham house fire Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Maze: Chance of rain lingers in forecast nearly every day this week Sponsor Weather 'God protected us:' Damage but no injuries after Granville tornado DUALDoppler5000 Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw PGA Raleigh's Murray fires caddie mid-round at Wells Fargo NASCAR Stenhouse scores 1st career Cup victory with last-lap pass Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Win Tickets to Poison, Extreme & Jackyl Our Take Pinson, Rowan fail to land Combine invitations Canes make first move of the offseason Bears put new twist on State-Carolina rivalry Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Latest News Chapel Hill, Carrboro, Orange County earn community solar recognition Business 6 companies with best veteran support services Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: 'Clean bill of health?' Editorial: New health care bill sickens far more than it cures Editorial: Legislators need to get out of the courtroom and down to business Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper National Nurses Week Freebies 2017 SmartShopper Aunt Jemima recalls frozen pancakes for Listeria risk Business Gander Mountain files bankruptcy, closing all locations 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel 5 On Your Side Online reviews are not best way to find new doctor Lifestyles These 6 things are why you're tired all the time, according to science Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About 27 Triangle events to check out this week Out and About Pho Nomenal Dumpling offers sneak peek of new restaurant Friday Sponsor Holiday Guide Weekend best bets Family fun Shop local Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Business Could making the bed help make you a millionaire? Education 70-year-old graduates from Wake Tech, re-enrolls for second degree Live Video Schedule 4:30a WRAL Morning News 9:30a Fayetteville girl's killer seeks new trial 10:30a Legislation would boost efforts to fight human trafficking 11a Former police chief makes claim against Greensboro Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Download the FREE app On iPhone/ iPad & Android › 45° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 45° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather 5 NC counties are under alert, including Johnston, Halifax, and Northampton counties. Details Published: 2017-05-08 04:00:00 Updated: 2017-05-08 15:25:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Swagbucks Swag Code until 4 pm Tags: Freebies Posted 4:00 a.m. yesterday Updated 3:25 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/181kC Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters More on this Swagbucks.com website Stealth Swag Code link Heads up! There is a Swagbucks Swag Code available today from 3 pm to 4 pm for 2 SB points! The Code is a Stealth Swag Code and if unique for each person. go to Swagbucks.com HERE to see your unique code. The code should start with SweetTreat and then a bunch of letters and numbers. Enter the code in the Swag Code box at Swagbucks.com HERE. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers The "as low as" rate is at 3.72% APR (30 yr.) Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% Enter To Win A $12,000 Bathroom Remodel Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Komen for the Cure Sea of pink celebration at Komen Triangle Race for the Cure Out and About Carolina Rebellion Music Fest rocks Concord Out and About Ben Folds headlines Band Together concert Local News Wake Arrests Local News Fayetteville veteran accused of killing service dog found dead in home WRAL Investigates NC law does little to keep drivers with revoked licenses off road, investigation shows Local News Good Samaritan: 'I was doing the right thing, and it turned out bad for me' Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Traffic Moore sheriff's family mourns loss of deputy's daughter Education 70-year-old graduates from Wake Tech, re-enrolls for second degree Out and About Where to catch outdoor movies in the Triangle Entertainment WRAL SmartShopper Grand A Day Giveaway (Ends 5/18/17) Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: Fourteen Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Lifestyles These 6 things are why you're tired all the time, according to science Komen for the Cure Sea of pink celebration at Komen Triangle Race for the Cure Out and About Ben Folds headlines Band Together concert Local News WRAL guide to graduations around the Triangle National News How House members from NC voted on Affordable Care Act repeal WRAL Investigates NC law does little to keep drivers with revoked licenses off road, investigation shows Local News Fayetteville veteran accused of killing service dog found dead in home Local News Good Samaritan: 'I was doing the right thing, and it turned out bad for me' Outdoors $1 million per mile: Wake County plans to double greenway Local News Raleigh woman detained by ICE, husband given self-deportation orders SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 5/8 SmartShopper 1st winner of $1K giveaway has plans for her grand SmartShopper Weekly meal plans and Monday menus SmartShopper National Nurses Week Freebies 2017 @NCCapitol Cooper vetoes hog farm nuisance lawsuit limits SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Komen for the Cure Sea of pink celebration at Komen Triangle Race for the Cure Out and About Carolina Rebellion Music Fest rocks Concord Out and About Ben Folds headlines Band Together concert Local News Wake Arrests Local News Fayetteville veteran accused of killing service dog found dead in home WRAL Investigates NC law does little to keep drivers with revoked licenses off road, investigation shows Local News Good Samaritan: 'I was doing the right thing, and it turned out bad for me' Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Traffic Moore sheriff's family mourns loss of deputy's daughter Education 70-year-old graduates from Wake Tech, re-enrolls for second degree Out and About Where to catch outdoor movies in the Triangle Entertainment WRAL SmartShopper Grand A Day Giveaway (Ends 5/18/17) Go Ask Mom Amanda Lamb: Fourteen Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Lifestyles These 6 things are why you're tired all the time, according to science Komen for the Cure Sea of pink celebration at Komen Triangle Race for the Cure Out and About Ben Folds headlines Band Together concert Local News WRAL guide to graduations around the Triangle National News How House members from NC voted on Affordable Care Act repeal WRAL Investigates NC law does little to keep drivers with revoked licenses off road, investigation shows Local News Fayetteville veteran accused of killing service dog found dead in home Local News Good Samaritan: 'I was doing the right thing, and it turned out bad for me' Outdoors $1 million per mile: Wake County plans to double greenway Local News Raleigh woman detained by ICE, husband given self-deportation orders SmartShopper Share your deals & questions 5/8 SmartShopper 1st winner of $1K giveaway has plans for her grand SmartShopper Weekly meal plans and Monday menus SmartShopper National Nurses Week Freebies 2017 @NCCapitol Cooper vetoes hog farm nuisance lawsuit limits WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Home Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Community Announcements Weather Sports US/World National World Politics Live Better Comics/Puzzles East Idaho Newsmakers Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Good Question Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Weather Sponsor Have a great story? Send a tip! 208-528-NEWS Weather Sponsored By Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Community Announcements Weather Sports US/World Idaho Utah Wyoming Montana National World Politics Live Better Comics/Puzzles East Idaho Newsmakers Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Living the Wild Life Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Good Question Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Police looking for man who committed robbery at Chubbuck Walmart Crime Watch 0  Updated at 11:49 am, May 8th, 2017 By: EastIdahoNews.com staff Share This Story We Matched CHUBBUCK — The Chubbuck Police Department is asking the public to help identify a man they say committed a robbery inside Walmart. Police say the suspect, who is approximately 60-years-old, walked into Walmart on Yellowstone Ave. around 8:50 p.m. Friday, May 5. He approached an employee of The Money store and demanded cash, according to a news release. He did not display a weapon during the robbery and nobody was injured. The man, who was wearing blue jeans and a tan or cream colored beanie, then left the store in a white vehicle. Surveillance video shows the suspect entering the store. Anyone with any information is asked to contact the Chubbuck Police Department at (208) 237-7172. NEVER MISS A STORY! CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FREE EASTIDAHONEWS.COM APP Managing Editor Visit Stories Stories You May Be Interested In: Semi truck carrying bales bursts into flames on I-15 5 May 2017 Nate Sunderland, EastIdahoNews.com Idaho man says he was robbed, choked and left for dead along highway 1 May 2017 Idaho Press-Tribune staff Pocatello teacher rocks prom night with special needs students 5 May 2017 Konstantin Toropin, CNN Ohlson murder trial date pushed back, may move out of county 5 May 2017 Jackson Adams, Teton Valley News Images in the news Related Stories   ’13 Reasons Why’ gets second season Bumble Bee agrees to plead guilty in tuna price fixing scheme Amazon lowers free shipping minimum … again Phoenix police charge man in 9 slayings Local teens to compete in national family leadership event Police: UT man arrested following girl’s death had interest in watching someone die Have a tip? We want to hear it!Local news comes from local people! Tell us what’s going on in your area! Send a tip ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE WITH US JOBS OUR TEAM OUR ETHICS OUR PARTNERS TERMS OF USE COPYRIGHT CLAIM PROCEDURE PRIVACY STATEMENT © 2017, EastIdahoNews.com
Big retailers hope to prove they aren't dying - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Big retailers hope to prove they aren't dying Posted: Monday, May 8, 2017 12:06 PM EDT Updated: Monday, May 8, 2017 12:06 PM EDT By Paul R. La Monica NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- The retailpocalypse for some well-known American stores could continue this week. Struggling chains Macy's, Kohl's and JCPenney are all due to report their latest quarterly results. They are unlikely to be good. Analysts are predicting another quarterly loss for JCPenney when it reports on Friday. Meanwhile, sales and profits are expected to fall at Macy's and Kohl's. They both release their results on Thursday. Shares of Macy's and Kohl's are both down nearly 20% this year, while JCPenney's stock has plunged more than 30%. Nordstrom will report its earnings on Thursday as well. Sales are only forecast to rise 3% from last year while earnings are likely to be unchanged from a year ago. But its stock is up about 3% this year. Traditional retailers have had a very tough time lately. Macy's and JCPenney are both closing stores. So is Sears, which also owns Kmart. Target said earlier this year it will look to cut prices to attract more shoppers after it reported awful sales for the holidays and warned that 2017's results will be much lower than expected as well. Several mall-based apparel chains are in even worse shape. Wet Seal, Aeropostale, Pacific Sunwear, American Apparel and The Limited have all recently filed for bankruptcy. So have The Sports Authority and Payless ShoeSource. Amazon is a major headache for all these companies. It now sells just about everything online, including food and clothing. Its prices are often lower than its rivals. And Amazon is even opening up more of its own physical stores. Walmart is another problem for struggling retailers. It's making a big bet on digital commerce. Walmart now owns Jet.com and other online stores, including women's apparel retailer ModCloth, outdoor gear retailer Moosejaw and footwear store ShoeBuy. And it's worth noting that Wall Street has applauded both Walmart and Amazon as they continue to gear up for battle. Shares of Walmart are up more than 10% this year while Amazon's stock is up more than 25%. So there is hope for traditional retailers. If they bulk up more on digital, shoppers and investors may embrace them. Still, can Macy's and other retailers that have fallen on hard times really bounce back? Wall Street will be looking for signs in this week's earnings reports that these companies are going to invest even more on digital initiatives. But many of these retailers are playing catch up. Simply put, they underestimated the threat from the likes of Amazon and now are scrambling to convince people that they are still relevant. Macy's chief financial officer Karen Hoguet said during the company's last earnings call in February that "we were not able to overcome the secular changes in the industry related to shopping habits" during the holidays. She added that "these changes appear to have had a bigger impact on our store business than we had expected. We recognize we need to make dramatic changes in how we operate the business." Macy's isn't alone. Most brick-and-mortar retailers have to do even more with their mobile and overall digital commerce operations in order to hold onto existing customers and attract new ones. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Still Playing Catch-Up Online, Target Tests Next-Day Deliveries For Pantry, Household Items Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Still Playing Catch-Up Online, Target Tests Next-Day Deliveries For Pantry, Household Items Image courtesy of Mike Mozart May 8, 2017 11:43 am EDT By Chris Morran@themorrancave target-ed marketing target amazon pantry amazonFresh pickup walmart After years of not doing much as online competitors like Amazon and Walmart.com made it easier to buy things like paper towels, detergent, and condiments without leaving your house, Target is finally testing a program that will give some of its customers the ability to get one-day shipping on household items. The pilot program is called Target Restock, and it’s currently being tested by Target employees. The retailer plans to expand that test to its home market of Minneapolis this summer. So what is Target Restock? According to the company, when it launches, folks in the test area who have a Target REDcard will be able to visit a dedicated website where they’ll be able to select from an array of household goods — basically the things in your kitchen, bathroom, and laundry room that don’t need refrigeration — pack them into virtual boxes and have them delivered the next day for a flat, yet-to-be-disclosed fee. That sounds an awful lot like Amazon Prime Pantry, which was launched three years ago, with one big difference: Prime Pantry does not promise next-day delivery. For example, a Pantry order placed today (Monday) won’t arrive until Thursday; next-day delivery is possible, but at an increased charge. Target will be able to do that for Restock users because it’s not shipping these products from a centralized warehouse, but from a Target store in the same market as the customer. Amazon may not have its own supermarkets yet, but it’s exploring various options for physical retail stores because it realizes that these local outlets may be key to keeping costs low for more perishable items. The online giant is also testing a version of its AmazonFresh service where customers come pick up their grocery orders at a location that looks like an Amazon-branded gas station. Walmart has been working on a few different ways to combine online ordering with its vast network of bricks-and-mortar stores. A program that lets customers order groceries on Walmart.com and then pick them up at the store is now in a handful of markets around the country. The retailer also recently began offering discounts for online orders that were picked up in the store. May 8, 2017 By Chris Morran@themorrancave target-ed marketing target amazon pantry amazonFresh pickup walmart Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related Missed The boat Target, ThredUP End Partnership That Let Customers Exchange Old Clothes For Gift Cards eat your veggies Amazon Now Delivering Farmers Market Produce To Your Door outside-of-store pickup Target Expands Its Test Of Curbside Pickup To New York And New Jersey So Much Time To Decide Target Introduces Extended One-Year Return Policy big in beantown Amazon Really Wants To Sell You Groceries, Is Expanding “Prime Fresh” To More Cities Previous Strip Club Claimed Dancers Were Therapists To Skirt $3.1M In State Taxes Next Bar Owner Shames Dine-And-Dashers On Facebook, Gets Them To Pay Tab Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Bar Owner Shames Dine-And-Dashers On Facebook, Gets Them To Pay Tab Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / Big retailers hope to prove they aren’t dying Big retailers hope to prove they aren’t dying Posted on Monday, May 8, 2017 by CNN in Business News The retailpocalypse for some well-known American stores could continue this week. Struggling chains Macy’s, Kohl’s and JCPenney are all due to report their latest quarterly results. They are unlikely to be good. Analysts are predicting another quarterly loss for JCPenney when it reports on Friday. Meanwhile, sales and profits are expected to fall at Macy’s and Kohl’s. They both release their results on Thursday. Shares of Macy’s and Kohl’s are both down nearly 20% this year, while JCPenney’s stock has plunged more than 30%. Nordstrom will report its earnings on Thursday as well. Sales are only forecast to rise 3% from last year while earnings are likely to be unchanged from a year ago. But its stock is up about 3% this year. Traditional retailers have had a very tough time lately. Macy’s and JCPenney are both closing stores. So is Sears, which also owns Kmart. Target said earlier this year it will look to cut prices to attract more shoppers after it reported awful sales for the holidays and warned that 2017’s results will be much lower than expected as well. Several mall-based apparel chains are in even worse shape. Wet Seal, Aeropostale, Pacific Sunwear, American Apparel and The Limited have all recently filed for bankruptcy. So have The Sports Authority and Payless ShoeSource. Amazon is a major headache for all these companies. It now sells just about everything online, including food and clothing. Its prices are often lower than its rivals. And Amazon is even opening up more of its own physical stores. Walmart is another problem for struggling retailers. It’s making a big bet on digital commerce. Walmart now owns Jet.com and other online stores, including women’s apparel retailer ModCloth, outdoor gear retailer Moosejaw and footwear store ShoeBuy. And it’s worth noting that Wall Street has applauded both Walmart and Amazon as they continue to gear up for battle. Shares of Walmart are up more than 10% this year while Amazon’s stock is up more than 25%. So there is hope for traditional retailers. If they bulk up more on digital, shoppers and investors may embrace them. Still, can Macy’s and other retailers that have fallen on hard times really bounce back? Wall Street will be looking for signs in this week’s earnings reports that these companies are going to invest even more on digital initiatives. But many of these retailers are playing catch up. Simply put, they underestimated the threat from the likes of Amazon and now are scrambling to convince people that they are still relevant. Macy’s chief financial officer Karen Hoguet said during the company’s last earnings call in February that “we were not able to overcome the secular changes in the industry related to shopping habits” during the holidays. She added that “these changes appear to have had a bigger impact on our store business than we had expected. We recognize we need to make dramatic changes in how we operate the business.” Macy’s isn’t alone. Most brick-and-mortar retailers have to do even more with their mobile and overall digital commerce operations in order to hold onto existing customers and attract new ones. Average Gas Prices Fall in Pennsylvania Germany's plan to kill online registrations Related Posts Netflix is king of content … but it’s still risky Trump sold stocks, but what about his hedge fund millions? Dow winning streak; Retailers need therapy; Consumers confident? Here’s the Ashley Madison fine print Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Continue to site >> Action Alerts PLUS Access AAP Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 Charitable Trust Portfolio Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Real Money Access RM 25 Rules of Investing Jim Cramer's Best Stocks for 2017 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Cramer Mad Money ETFs Futures Markets Much More Banks Biotech Retail Tech Personal Finance Retirement Financial Advisor Center How to Spend Options Fixed Income Video DJIA NASDAQ S&P 500 Market Data updated Sign In Your Membership(s) Your Account Account Preferences Alerts Newsetters Subscribe Logout Subscribe Access insights and guidance from our Wall Street pros. Find the product that's right for you. Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Income Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club Compare All McDonald's, Activision, and Wal-Mart Are 3 'Rocket Stocks' This Week TheStreet Staff May 8, 2017 10:29 AM EDT Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (WMT) Wal-Mart's relatively small exposure to online has the potential to move the growth needle as the retail giant invests more on the web. Activision Blizzard Inc. (ATVI) ATVI owns a valuable model in video games - if the firm can spark a resurgence in subscription-based gaming, sticky, high-margin revenues will follow. McDonald's Corp. (MCD) McDonald's turnaround story is alive and well as it pushes for higher quality and more variety at its 36,900 locations. Read Full Article: Walmart, Activision, McDonald's Are 'Rocket Stocks' -- Here's Why Jim Cramer and the AAP team are discussing fallout from first-quarter earnings from Apple (AAPL) and Facebook (FB) and how to play the big tech names. Get his insights or analysis with a free trial subscription to Action Alerts Plus. This article was written by a staff member of TheStreet. If you liked this article you might like JD.com's Earnings Suggest That Once Again, It Grew Faster Than Alibaba China's #2 e-commerce firm, whose business model is more like Amazon than Alibaba's, continues gaining ground with the help of its end-to-end business model. Eric Jhonsa May 8, 2017 4:41 PM EDT Cramer: These Sectors Look Bullish (Part III) From Abbott Labs to Wynn, these names rate checking out. Jim Cramer May 8, 2017 4:30 PM EDT Walmart, Activision, McDonald's Are 'Rocket Stocks' -- Here's Why These three stocks are showing short-term gain catalysts and longer-term growth potential. Jonas Elmerraji May 8, 2017 10:08 AM EDT Trending 9 Iconic Internet Brands That Have Disappeared FTC Seen as Set to Block Rite Aid Deal 9 High-Profile CEOs Who Actually Write Their Own Tweets and Are Worth Following It Would Be 'Crazy' to Clean House at Wells Fargo, CEO Says 15 Foods to Avoid if You Have High Cholesterol Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech ETFs Futures Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 30 mins S&P 500 2,399.38 +0.09 (+0.00%) Dow 30 21,012.28 +5.34 (+0.03%) Nasdaq 6,102.66 +1.90 (+0.03%) Watch Now Yahoo Finance's complete coverage of Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Shareholders Meeting The Long, Hard, Unprecedented Fall of Sears Kim Bhasin, Lance Lambert Bloomberg May 8, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Shoppers exit a Sears store in Peoria, Illinois, U.S., on Friday, Aug. 16, 2013. Sears Holdings Corp. is scheduled to release second quarter earnings on Aug. 22. Photographer: Daniel Acker/BloombergMore In 1989, Sears Roebuck & Co. ruled America as its biggest retailer. It loomed over rivals from a perch high above Chicago, inside what was once the world’s tallest building—one bearing the company’s name. The fall from that height may finally be nearing an end. Over the course of almost three decades, the company experienced what industry observers described as one of the most monumental collapses in business history. Despite its union with Kmart—the second-largest retailer from that era—and a stated belief that it can still turn things around, Sears is teetering on the edge of disaster. More from Bloomberg.com: Be Afraid, Mr. President The latest bad news was revealed in March, when Sears acknowledged “substantial doubt” about its future, sending the stock plummeting, its worst decline in more than two years. S&P Global Market Intelligence declared Sears the U.S. retailer most vulnerable to defaulting in the next year. A Fitch Ratings study of retail bankruptcies also listed it as a company with a high risk of failure. The combined decline of Sears and Kmart, in terms of sales, is unprecedented, said Greg Portell, an analyst at A.T. Kearney. The seeds were planted by poor decision-making in the 1980s, during which time the company made a real estate play instead of focusing on selling stuff. No senior executive over the next 28 years was able to put stops in place to prevent the slide. “The management mistake that Sears made, in retrospect, was that they never got to a spot where they could stop the free fall,” said Portell. More from Bloomberg.com: Buffett Confronts Search for Next Big Thing After Missed Chances It has been a slow, painful fall for these once-dominant brands. Sears, in particular, was synonymous with suburban American consumerism. It dominated retail and changed the way people shopped through its revolutionary catalog business—the Amazon.com of its era. Kmart accomplished a lot as well, rising to a spot right behind Sears by peppering the nation with its Super Center big box shops and luring droves of shoppers with the promise of deep discounts, including of course the Blue Light Special. In 1994, Sears and Kmart raked in a combined $111.4 billion, compared with powerhouse discounter Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s haul of $111.9 billion. All three retailers ranked in the top 15 in revenue, among companies in all industries, in 1995. Since then, they’ve gone in different directions. Sears and Kmart have watched their customer bases shrink amid a never-ending string of store closures. Wal-Mart’s sales grew almost fourfold over the next decade, as the behemoth tripled its locations and embarked on mass international expansion. Sears and Kmart each chose to trudge along, with little change in strategy. More from Bloomberg.com: Chinese Tycoons Plant Money Management Flags on Wall Street “You’ve got young people today that don’t even recognize Sears as a place where they would go.” In 2002, Kmart filed for bankruptcy protection after years of weak sales and stiff competition from Wal-Mart. The chain and its 2,100 or so stores were in dire shape, gasping under a pile of debt while unable to get enough shoppers through the doors. At one point, Kmart’s biggest food distributor stopped shipments after the retailer was unable to make payments. Kmart would emerge from bankruptcy under the control of hedge fund billionaire Eddie S. Lampert and his firm, ESL Investments. Then came the merger, which at the time was the biggest tie-up in the annals of retail. Since then, Sears and Kmart have been slowly dismantled by Lampert. Implementing a culture of warring tribes, one in which divisions would battle it out for resources, little cash was funneled back into reviving physical stores. Chunks of the business were sold to keep the lights on. In January, the company sold the famous tool brand Craftsman to Stanley Black & Decker Inc. for about $900 million.  “He did nothing to maintain the stores—nothing to spiff them up and make them a nice place to go shopping,” said Robin Lewis, a longtime industry analyst and chief executive of the Robin Report. “You’ve got young people today that don’t even recognize Sears as a place where they would go. I think people will just forget about it.” Read More Once, Sears was the disruptor—not the disrupted. When the Sears catalog first appeared on doorsteps in the 1890s, it fundamentally changed how Americans shopped. Back then, much of the population lived in rural areas, and they bought almost everything from little shops at rural junctions. These general stores had limited selection and charged exorbitant prices. They were the only game in town. “The Sears catalog had an even bigger impact in 1900 than Amazon has had today,” said Robert Gordon, a professor at Northwestern University and author of The Rise and Fall of American Growth. Like today’s e-commerce powerhouse, the Sears catalog provided shoppers more choice than ever before, and at lower prices. Sears freed shoppers from the tyranny of the local general merchant and improved their living standards. “The cost of living went down the minute Sears became available,” said Gordon. Searching for parallels of Sears’s fall through business history, Gordon could find none.  “There is nothing like the decline of Sears and Kmart,” he said. Howard Riefs, a spokesman for Sears, said the company has made strides in combining physical stores with digital initiatives, such as allowing consumers to purchase online items they can later pick up in person. As for the risk disclosed in the March filing, Riefs said that while historical performance prompted that statement, Sears’s financial plans and forecast “do not reflect the continuation of that performance.” Sears is focused on improving and has made “decisive actions” in recent months, he said. “Despite the risks outlined, we are confident in our financial position and remain focused on executing our transformation plan.” The focus of that plan is “how we can make shopping easier,” said Riefs. “We believe the key is to truly integrate the shopping channels. It’s a combination of store and online and mobile. It’s not just one thing anymore.” Updates with additional Sears comment in last paragraph. More from Bloomberg.com Macron Vows to Heal France’s Divisions After Victory Over Le Pen Trump Weighs 95 Percent Cut to Office of Drug Control Policy Trump Backer Mercer Sued By Employee Who Was Fired After Speaking Out Read The Long, Hard, Unprecedented Fall of Sears on bloomberg.com Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next United Airlines apologizes after sending woman to San Francisco instead of Paris Business Insider Sally Yates and Ted Cruz get into heated battle over Trump's immigration ban Business Insider Warren Buffett’s one-word answer for why he hasn’t purchased Amazon shares CNBC 3 Investing Misunderstandings That Could Cost You -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Buffett: 'Everything in valuation gets back to interest rates' Yahoo Finance Video Disney and JOLTS — What you need to know in markets on Tuesday Yahoo Finance How to delete your data from your old devices Yahoo Finance JAMIE DIMON: There is a 'national catastrophe' and 'we should be ringing the alarm bells' Business Insider Here's how much Nvidia will make off the Nintendo Switch Yahoo Finance How to Invest in Bonds: A Step-by-Step Guide -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool What to Watch in the Markets Tuesday, May 9 Yahoo Finance Video Stocks in flux following French election Yahoo Finance Ancient, giant viruses are being unearthed in Arctic ice that's at risk of melting Business Insider A man who paid off $116,000 by 30 shares his No. 1 savings tip CNBC Why the Army Thinks It Needs a Bigger Bullet The Fiscal Times High Growth Takeaways Yahoo Finance Video Sally Yates says she warned White House that Flynn could be 'blackmailed' by Russians Mike000427: A lot of Hillary Clinton comments in here, really shows you guys don't understand any of this. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 803
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Wal-Mart Has Its Own Take on Amazon's Dash Button The retailer has filed a patent for an IoT device that goes a step further. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) May 8, 2017 at 9:43AM For decades, really since delivery services like milkmen largely went away, most Americans have shopped by making a list, then going to the supermarket to get what they need. It's an imperfect system because different consumables get used up at varying rates. That leads to either a need to make more visits, or going without until your weekly shopping trip comes around, or you build up enough demand to make an extra trip. Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN) has begun tackling this problem and putting at least a partial end to the shopping list with its Dash buttons. These are small, Wi-Fi-connected Internet of Things (IoT) devices that have one function: ordering a specific item. In general, they are placed near that item -- perhaps a Tide Dash button would be stuck on a wall near your washing machine -- and when you're close to running out, a simple press of the button places on order with Amazon for two-day delivery for Prime members. There are hundreds of Dash buttons for everything from toilet paper to Red Bull, trash bags to Pop-Tarts. It's a simple system where a second order cannot be placed until the first has been delivered, and the consumer can set exactly what he or she wants to be ordered when setting up the device. Amazon charges $4.99 for each Dash button, but gives consumers a credit for that same amount once they place their first order. It's a smart way to not only to save customers from having to run to the store because they run out of something, but to tie them to Amazon. That's something Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) has taken notice of, and the company has filed a patent for its own Dash-like device. The brick-and-mortar retail giant is not merely copying its online rival, it also has an added twist. Amazon's Dash buttons allow for easy ordering. Image source: Amazon.  What is Wal-Mart working on? While Amazon's Dash button requires someone to actually press it in order to place an order, Wal-Mart's proposed system would be passive. Roughly, according to the patent filing, the consumer would configure the device, which would then track usage patterns. It would then be mounted in or on the item being tracked and could place an order for replenishment when the consumer-set standard is met. The system will use Bluetooth, radio frequency, infrared, NFC, or other technology to track how much product is being used. Wal-Mart called the technology a subscription system in the patent application, but unlike a traditional subscription, the next order would not come at a predetermined date, but when it's actually needed. That not only takes some of the work out of the process for the consumer, it creates a flow of orders to Wal-Mart. The patent notes that this type of tracking may also create opportunities for cross-selling. For example, if the device knows how much toothpaste you use, it may also be able to tell you when you need a new toothbrush. This is a smart idea Dash buttons are obtrusive. They have product logos on them and few people would want to place them in visible parts of their home. That limits their use to places like laundry rooms and perhaps inside various cabinets, hidden from view. Wal-Mart, if it can create the device in the patent, while also making it small and near-invisible, may have a better solution. Its idea takes Amazon's IoT button and makes it something consumers don't have to think about. If it works, Wal-Mart will have an IoT device that can make sure you never run out of whatever it is you worry about not having. That's a big step ahead of what Amazon offers, and it could, should it become a reality, win the company some automated business. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info May 8, 2017 at 9:43AM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $949.04 up $14.89 (1.59%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $76.12 down $0.38 (-0.50%) Read More Wal-Mart Tries Its Hand at Stunt Food With the Crotilla The Next Stock Warren Buffett May Sell Can Wal-Mart Compete With Amazon and Make Money? Why Wal-Mart Shareholders Have Something to Worry About Is Wal-Mart's New E-Commerce Acquisition Strategy Any Better Than Its Old One? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Wal-Mart Has Its Own Take on Amazon's Dash Button @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Bomb threat at Victorville Wal-Mart temporarily closes store Saturday Sunday May 7, 2017 at 5:17 PM May 7, 2017 at 5:18 PM By Staff Reports VICTORVILLE — A bomb threat at the Wal-Mart on Palmdale Road phoned in Saturday night led to a store evacuation. The threat, made by a male, came in at 8:56 p.m., San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department spokesperson Cindy Bachman said. The Wal-Mart, located at 12234 Palmdale Road in Victorville, was evacuated while authorities conducted a sweep of the store. The evacuation lasted just less than an hour and nothing suspicious was found, Bachman said. No leads have yet been made in finding the suspect as of Sunday afternoon, authorities said. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Hoisted from E-Mail: Puzzling Out the UK’s Shambolic Approach to Brexit - 05/09/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/8/2017 - 05/08/2017 - Lambert Strether Dakota Access Pipeline Divestiture and Climate Change Politics - 05/08/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 5/8/17 - 05/08/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Road to Trump’s Climate Change Hell Paved by Obama and Clinton - 05/08/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Compassionate Capitalism in the Middle Ages: Profit and Philanthropy in Medieval Cambridge - 05/08/2017 - Yves Smith Andrew Bacevich: What Obsessing About Trump Causes Us To Miss - 05/08/2017 - Yves Smith Oklahoma Governor Mary Fallin Signs Law Imposing Hefty Fines and Lengthy Jail Terms for Anti-Pipeline Protests - 05/07/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield Links 5/7/17 - 05/07/2017 - Jerri-Lynn Scofield 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/8/2017 Posted on May 8, 2017 by Lambert Strether By Lambert Strether of Corrente Trade “Economists have already started modeling the potential impact of a TPP deal without the U.S., and the results show modest gains for the 11 other countries. But the potential benefits laid out in an upcoming study could be enough to deepen resolve to get a deal done. Morning Trade got its hands on some of the top-line results of a study coming out next month that was commissioned by the CanadaWest Foundation, a free-trade oriented think tank in Calgary, … by Dan Ciuriak, a former deputy chief economist for Canada’s department of foreign affairs and international trade” [Politico]. Politics Hot Takes on the French Election Shot: We need a global conversation on how to develop a &quot;compassionate capitalism&quot; that answers economic displacement w/ alternatives to fascism. &mdash; Joy Reid (@JoyAnnReid) May 7, 2017 A “global conversation” instead of a “national conversation.” (I’m starting to see the word “global” in liberal catchphrases in places I’m not used to seeing it.) Chaser: Victory for Macron, for France, the EU, &amp; the world. Defeat to those interfering w/democracy. (But the media says I can&#39;t talk about that) &mdash; Hillary Clinton (@HillaryClinton) May 7, 2017 “But” — [reading a second time] — “the media says I can’t talk about that.” ZOMG!!! My eyes!!!!!!! 2016 Post Mortem Here is a slide from Day One of the Democrat Unity Commission (via): Notice that this contradicts DNC lawyer Spiva’s theory of the case in “Wilding et al. v. DNC Services Corporation, D/B/A Democratic National Committee and Deborah “Debbie” Wasserman Schultz.” In essence, Spiva only talks about the first bullet. He doesn’t talk about the second. More on that case– “To sum up, in the space of the hearing, the DNC claimed that: The words “evenhandedness and impartiality” are subjective and hard to define; commitment to these principles is something the DNC is simply volunteering to do; the DNC has every right to tip the scales for a candidate or simply choose them in a smoke-filled room; and that any failure to abide by its own charter is no different from a politician breaking a major campaign promise” [In These Times (altandmain)]. “These exchanges showcase the problem facing the DNC. To succeed in winning the case, or even have it dismissed, it also has to publicly make arguments that reflect incredibly poorly on it. Every effective legal defense that Spiva puts forward produces quotes that disgruntled Democratic voters will be throwing back at the party for years to come.” 2020 “There are at least 22 Democrats thinking about running for president in 2020” [CNN]. “The 43 people who might run against Trump in 2020” [The Hill]. 2018 “The Democratic opposition research group American Bridge, for instance, has spent more than $300,000 on digital and radio ads on the issue so far this year, according to the group’s vice president, Shripal Shah. American Bridge has also commissioned polls showing swing voters in key states are concerned about the controversy and want an independent probe” [Politico]. American Bridge is Brock’s vehicle. Realignment and Legitimacy “The Rock-Star Appeal of Modern Monetary Theory” [The Nation]. (I live-blogged Bill Mitchell, Stephanie Kelton, Warren Mosler, Marshall Auerbach, Randall Wray, and Pavlina Tcherneva at 2010’s Fiscal Sustainability Counter-Conference, and commented at the time: “It’s like watching the best band in the world trading riffs.” I’ve never seen anything like it, before or since.) “MMT is less prescriptive: It describes the way that money works in a way that an 8-year-old can grasp more readily than a PhD, which in itself is unnerving. ‘The contribution of MMT is not the discovery of new facts,’ Galbraith says. ‘It’s a teaching core of things which are factually uncontroversial.; But its implications can be radically humane. What’s threatening to the establishment, Galbraith adds, ‘is that the narrative is very compelling.'” And with a shout-out to Naked Capitalism! Oh, and Stephanie Kelton is “impeccably coiffed”! “Before Occupy: How AIDS Activists Seized Control of the FDA in 1988” [The Atlantic]. Important history, long forgotten (or erased). “Integrity: The Real Source Of Division In America’s Political Left” [Medium]. “Yesterday I conversed with a man who told me, in response to my criticism of the Democratic party’s idiotic Russia conspiracy theories, that it didn’t matter whether the accusations are true or not, because Trump needs to be stopped regardless.” Yes, that’s where we are. Stats Watch Labor Market Conditions Index, April 2017: “Upward revisions are the surprise for the labor market conditions index where prior readings this year have been revised 2 points and higher” [Econoday]. “This year’s run, though still moderate, is now the best in 2 years. This index tracks a wide range of employment statistics including wages which have been soft compared to labor growth.” And: “After incorporating revisions, the index has increased for the last 11 months in succession. These were also the two strongest readings since the second quarter of 2015 which indicates consistent strength in the labour market” [Economic Calendar]. Retail: “Logistics companies are betting any rebound in U.S. consumer spending comes over the web. Businesses tied to e-commerce fulfillment resumed hiring at a rapid pace in April” [Wall Street Journal]. Shipping: “The long-discussed efforts of China’s government to rebalance the nation towards a more consumer-driven import economy until very recently haven’t borne much fruit when examining container flows with some of its biggest trading partners” [Lloyd’s Loading]. “However, we are finally starting to see a shift as for the first time in our data series imports to Greater China outpaced exports in 2016; the inbound trade from our sample of trades growing by 2.3% year-on-year versus 0.5% for the outbound market, in the process lowering the export-to-import ratio. Closer inspection of the numbers shows that the transition really gathered pace in the second half of last year. As of February, Greater China’s 12-month moving average for imports has gained around five index points since August, more than twice as fast as seen into either North Asia or Southeast Asia. Greater China exports over the same period increased by around two index points.“ Shipping: “Another ore carrier belonging to under pressure Polaris Shipping from South Korea has a couple of cracks on its deck” [DC Velocity]. Not a good look. “The news will likely prove a hammer blow to Polaris’s plans to list this summer. Polaris is the world’s largest owner of very large ore carriers. However, its reputation has been hit hard following the sinking with the likely loss of 22 lives of the Stellar Daisy, another elderly converted ore carrier, on March 30 followed by cracks being found in another vintage ore carrier and machinery errors on another ship.” The Bezzle: “Tech bubble is quietly bursting with overvalued ‘unicorn’ startups” [Seattle Times]. “It has become fairly common in the last couple of years for tech companies to go public at valuations below where they stood as private companies. (One of Cloudera’s competitors, Hortonworks, also took a valuation haircut at its IPO.) But the scale of the comedown for Cloudera was something new. It will be a long slog for Cloudera to dig out of its valuation hole. Failure is common — even celebrated — in technology. But there’s a category of Cloudera-type companies no one wants to talk about that are neither crazy successes nor obvious flops. They were simply wildly overvalued in the startup-funding hot zone of 2014 to 2015, and they likely can’t sell or go public at anything close to earlier valuations…. There are more moments of reckoning to come from the startup funding bubble of 2014 and 2015. This is a new kind of failure, and Silicon Valley hasn’t come to grips with it yet.” The Bezzle: “How digital supply chain management—the broad concept that Cloud-based systems, analytics and monitoring of goods, vehicles and other assets via the Internet of Things (IoT)—will improve the way supply chains run, is top of mind for many in logistics today” [Logistic Management]. Swell. The Internet of Things. The Bezzle: “Wal-Mart Stores Inc. doesn’t want to just wait around for consumers to order household goods online. The retailing giant is seeking a patent for the use of sensors that would be attached to goods in homes and track their use and, perhaps more significantly, trigger automatic delivery of replacements” [Wall Street Journal]. “ Whether consumers will want to have Wal-Mart tracking when they do laundry remains a question, but the reach of the technology under research suggests the fierce competition that’s underway for e-commerce innovations.” Ah, “innovation.” Robots: “The North American robotics market jumped 32 percent in order volume for the first quarter, as industrial and retail giants such as General Motors Co. and Amazon.com Inc. increase their investment in automation, according to the industry’s trade group” [DC Velocity]. “The driving force behind the fast growth came largely from the automotive sector, where robots ordered by automotive component suppliers were up 53 percent, while orders by automotive original equipment manufacturers (OEMs) increased 32 percent, RIA said. Orders also came from a diversity of other sectors, including non-automotive industries like metals (54 percent), semiconductors/electronics (22 percent), and food and consumer goods (15 percent), according to RIA.” Rapture Index: Closes up 1 on Crime Rate. “The crime rate drops in many cities” [Rapture Ready]. Record high, October 10, 2016: 189. Current: 182. Today’s Fear & Greed Index: 47 Neutral (previous close: 47, Neutral) [CNN]. One week ago: 49 (Neutral). (0 is Extreme Fear; 100 is Extreme Greed). Last updated May 8 at 12:10pm. Dullsville. Health Care “All the horrific details of the GOP’s new Obamacare repeal bill: A handy guide” [Michael Hiltzik, Los Angeles Times]. This one’s for all the marbles: Under the GOP plan, Medicaid expansion, which currently provides coverage to some 10 million low-income Americans, would be killed as of 2020. It also converts Medicaid into a block-granted program, stripping more than $800 billion from the program over 10 years. Because block-granted program can’t keep up with the needs of beneficiaries, this means that states would have to respond to fiscal stringencies by cutting benefits or throwing enrollees out. Medicaid expansion is the one part of the ACA that can be said unequivocally to work, unsurprisingly: It’s a single payer program funded by the currency issuer (though not a very good one, since it’s for poor people). So it’s bitterly ironic that the Republican reaction to the half-assed, pissant ObamaCare is to assault and roll back an existing Federal program, and one from LBJ days at that. Of course, kicking the poors is can always be made popular, and remember that if you’re near the poverty line, but not below it, you could be forced into the Exchanges, and pay more money for worse care than somebody who makes less than you and may not even be working. So, to a certain sort of crabs-in-a-bucket mentality, making Medicaid worse restorse the natural order of things. (A genie appears to a peasant and grants them one wish. The peasant thinks for a moment, and says: “I wish for my neighbor’s cow to die.”) “As they take their victory lap for passing a bill that would repeal and replace much of the Affordable Care Act, President Trump and congressional Republicans have been largely silent about one of the most remarkable aspects of what their legislation would do: take a step toward dismantling a vast government entitlement program, something that has never been accomplished in the modern era” [New York Times]. “Even if a watered-down version of House Republicans’ health-care legislation becomes law, states are probably going to be on the hook for billions of dollars of health-care costs, especially for the poor and sick. And that means they’re going to have to make some hard choices: Do you find a way to raise taxes/cut other services to keep your most vulnerable population insured? Or do you just stop insuring them?” [Washington Post]. “That’s the heart of the question facing all 50 states as Republicans in Washington unwind the federal government’s involvement in health care. Legislatures trying to answer it could get ugly.” Even if California does pass single payer — and with an economy the size of France, they have the scale Vermont didn’t — what happens in a downtown? California is not a currency issuer… “Cutting nearly $1 trillion from Medicaid will give states the freedom to tailor the program to suit their needs, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said Sunday, as he defended a narrowly passed House bill that aims to undo parts of the health care law enacted by the previous administration” [Yahoo News]. And from the same story: “[Maine Senator Susan] Collins said she expected the Senate would come up with a ‘whole new fresh approach’ to replacing the Affordable Care Act, enacted under President Barack Obama. ‘The House bill is not going to come before us,’ she said. ‘The Senate is starting from scratch. We’re going to draft our bill, and I’m convinced we will take the time to do it right.’ “When Representative Mo Brooks said it was unfair that healthy “people who lead good lives” should have to subsidize the insurance of unhealthier ones who presumably don’t, he bluntly raised an often unspoken question that runs through policy debates in Washington: Who deserves government aid and who does not?” [New York Times]. To which conservatives answer: “The good people,” and the liberals answer: “The people approved by our nomenklatura of credentialed gatekeepers.” “At a stop in Beverly Hills, Bernie Sanders vows Obamacare repeal bill ‘is never going to pass’ in Senate” [Los Angeles Times]. “[H]ealthcare dominated much of the talk, with Sanders adding that it’s important to acknowledge the ‘many, many problems’ with Obamacare. Some of the most raucous applause from the audience came after Sanders mentioned his so-called [(!!!) –lambert] ‘Medicare for All’ single-payer healthcare proposal. ..’Let me tell you,’ he said as the theater erupted in applause. ‘That legislation is never going to pass the United States Senate.'” I hope Sanders is correct. “High-Price And Low-Price Physician Practices Do Not Differ Significantly On Care Quality Or Efficiency” [Health Affairs]. From the abstract: “Compared with low-price practices, high-price practices were much larger and received 36 percent higher prices. Patients of high-price practices reported significantly higher scores on some measures of care coordination and management but did not differ meaningfully in their overall care ratings, other domains of patient experiences (including physician ratings and access to care), receipt of preventive services, acute care use, or total Medicare spending. This suggests an overall weak relationship between practice prices and the quality and efficiency of care and calls into question claims that high-price providers deliver substantially higher-value care.” Black Injustice Tipping Point “Throughout its history, the region has incubated bold American solutions to hunger and food access. Radical Southerners, especially black women, who long provided the expertise and labor on farms and in kitchens, have challenged American agricultural practices and driven our changing relationship to food” [New York Times]. “In the late 1960s, as the civil rights movement shifted to address economic injustice, Ms. [Fannie Lou] Hamer conceived agricultural solutions to the plight of her fellow Americans, including a communal farm and livestock share program in Sunflower County in the Mississippi Delta. That work set the stage for the progressive agricultural policies and practices of today, with their focus on food sovereignty and their reliance on community farms.” And: With the help of Dorothy Height, the president of the National Council of Negro Women, she developed a Pig Bank in Sunflower County in 1969. Conceived as a complement to Freedom Farm, the idea was innovative and, for the moment and place, odd. Beginning with 35 gilts and five boars, she gave pregnant pigs to Delta families who agreed to care for them, return the mother pig to the bank and keep the remaining piglets as dividends. Poor families butchered those dividends once they reached an acceptable weight. Instead of buying ham and lard from a plantation commissary, Ms. Height bragged, Delta women went a year without store-bought pork. The Pig Bank built pride. “The Pig Bank” does have a certain resonance… “[Ben Handy, founder and president of the Ridgeland Block Club Association], has also used the Taste of African Heritage course as a way to introduce his students to another food access nonprofit: Top Box Foods, a local organization started by Chris and Sheila Kennedy that seeks to mitigate food deserts in the Chicagoland area by delivering fresh produce to designated drop-off sites. By buying from the same suppliers as a chain store like Mariano’s but forgoing fancy packaging, Top Box passes on a discount of up to forty percent to the consumer.” Gaia “David Fairchild introduced a mind-bogglingly large number of plants to the U.S., changing the country’s farms and botanical gardens forever” [Smithsonian]. “By the end of Fairchild’s career, according to Lambert, his office had introduced 111,857 new species to the U.S. It was a grand testament to the United States’ richness and new twentieth-century openness to the world. And the introduction of such diversity reassured those concerned that the domestic food supply could be easily wiped out by one disease, drought or insect. His private collection was vast, and the botanical garden that bears his name has a rich collection of plants from around the world.” Guillotine Watch “Forty-Nine Straight Hours Inside Trump’s Washington Hotel” [Bloomberg]. Execrable taste. The Medicis, America’s squillionaires are not: Key fact buried in the story: The building was once a United States Post Office, so this is not only a uglification story, it’s a privatization story. That is, a neoliberalism story. (Democrat Diane Feinstein’s squillionaire husband, Richard Bloom, is in the same racket.) Class Warfare “But the race, and the work of the wider industry, rest largely on the backs of an immigrant workforce making on average $400-$600 a week as well as free lodging in a huge dormitory inside the Churchill Downs complex. The skilled work typically requires a regular crew of guest workers, who live in Mexico in the offseason. However, as a result of Trump’s immigration crackdown, many horse workers were unable to make the trek to Churchill Downs this year” [Guardian]. So, and again, open borders, sanctuary cities, etc., are about cheap labor. “The terrifying downside to a start-up: Being too broke to feed your family” [WaPo]. Try working at Walmart… News of the Wired “I Finally Understand Online Mom Drama” [New York Magazine]. * * * Readers, feel free to contact me with (a) links, and even better (b) sources I should curate regularly, and (c) to find out how to send me images of plants. Vegetables are fine! Fungi are deemed to be honorary plants! See the previous Water Cooler (with plant) here. And here’s today’s plant (via): * * * Readers, Water Cooler is a standalone entity, not supported by the Naked Capitalism fundraisers. Please use the dropdown to choose your contribution, and then click the hat! Your tip will be welcome today, and indeed any day. Water Cooler will not exist without your continued help. Donate $25$50$75$100 00600 This entry was posted in Guest Post, Water Cooler on May 8, 2017 by Lambert Strether. About Lambert Strether Readers, I have had a correspondent characterize my views as realistic cynical. Let me briefly explain them. I believe in universal programs that provide concrete material benefits, especially to the working class. Medicare for All is the prime example, but tuition-free college and a Post Office Bank also fall under this heading. So do a Jobs Guarantee and a Debt Jubilee. Clearly, neither liberal Democrats nor conservative Republicans can deliver on such programs, because the two are different flavors of neoliberalism (“Because markets”). I don’t much care about the “ism” that delivers the benefits, although whichever one does have to put common humanity first, as opposed to markets. Could be a second FDR saving capitalism, democratic socialism leashing and collaring it, or communism razing it. I don’t much care, as long as the benefits are delivered. To me, the key issue — and this is why Medicare for All is always first with me — is the tens of thousands of excess “deaths from despair,” as described by the Case-Deaton study, and other recent studies. That enormous body count makes Medicare for All, at the very least, a moral and strategic imperative. And that level of suffering and organic damage makes the concerns of identity politics — even the worthy fight to help the refugees Bush, Obama, and Clinton’s wars created — bright shiny objects by comparison. Hence my frustration with the news flow — currently in my view the swirling intersection of two, separate Shock Doctrine campaigns, one by the Administration, and the other by out-of-power liberals and their allies in the State and in the press — a news flow that constantly forces me to focus on matters that I regard as of secondary importance to the excess deaths. What kind of political economy is it that halts or even reverses the increases in life expectancy that civilized societies have achieved? I am also very hopeful that the continuing destruction of both party establishments will open the space for voices supporting programs similar to those I have listed; let’s call such voices “the left.” Volatility creates opportunity, especially if the Democrat establishment, which puts markets first and opposes all such programs, isn’t allowed to get back into the saddle. Eyes on the prize! I love the tactical level, and secretly love even the horse race, since I’ve been blogging about it daily for fourteen years, but everything I write has this perspective at the back of it. View all posts by Lambert Strether → Post navigation ← Dakota Access Pipeline Divestiture and Climate Change Politics Hoisted from E-Mail: Puzzling Out the UK’s Shambolic Approach to Brexit → Subscribe to Post Comments 169 comments jo6pac May 8, 2017 at 2:09 pm At a stop in Beverly Hills, Bernie Sanders vows Obamacare repeal bill ‘is never going to pass’ in Senate I wonder what he is doing on the hillabillie circuit? Reply ↓ Lambert Strether Post authorMay 8, 2017 at 2:11 pm It’s a sold out crowd at the Saban Theatre. It’s not a fundraiser at George Clooney’s compound. Reply ↓ jo6pac May 8, 2017 at 3:17 pm Well he was doing something good. Vermont Sen. Bernie Sanders swung through Beverly Hills this weekend, accepting an award from nonprofit Consumer Watchdog on Saturday. He also spoke at the sold-out Saban Theatre on Sunday http://www.consumerwatchdog.org/ Reply ↓ optimader May 8, 2017 at 5:12 pm at the Saban Theatre. It should be at the La Brea Tar Pit Reply ↓ RenoDino May 8, 2017 at 5:20 pm Here’s powerful message about Bernie about who he stands with and what he stands for. Despite their protestations, the establishment much prefers Trump. Easy to see why. Bernie is their worst nightmare. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=S8COj0qN6bA&feature=em-subs_digest Reply ↓ dcblogger May 8, 2017 at 2:10 pm Net Neutrality II: Last Week Tonight with John Oliver (HBO) https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=92vuuZt7wak&t=180s net neutrality is crucial to sites like NakedCapitalism, so for those too lazy to type – “Preserve net neutrality and Title II. I specifically support strong net neutrality backed by Title II oversight of ISPs.” ﻿ https://www.fcc.gov/ecfs/search/proceedings?q=name:%28%2817-108%29%29 Reply ↓ yamahog May 8, 2017 at 2:32 pm Not on the table – breaking the ISP monopolies. But hey, it’s an HBO / Time Warner show, what do you expect? Reply ↓ HopeLB May 8, 2017 at 2:40 pm Thank You! Reply ↓ Carla May 8, 2017 at 2:34 pm “Medicaid expansion is the one part of the ACA that can be said unequivocally to work, unsurprisingly: It’s a single payer program funded by the currency issuer (though not a very good one, since it’s for poor people).” I have a close friend who was on expanded Medicaid in Ohio and it was an absolute miracle for her. She hadn’t had insurance for years because Gig economy, and now she’s aged into Medicare. However, for four years she received care at through a Medicaid program at our local public hospital, which happens to be top-notch in all respects except its reputation with the middle and upper classes (because poor people, you know). She had her first physical in decades, two surgeries for skin cancer and plastic surgery to repair the disfiguring effects of the second cancer operation, and laser treatments to fine-tune that plastic surgery. Her doctors were all excellent. Fortunately, it looks like she can continue the same docs and institution with Medicare. Obamacare has actually been absolutely wonderful for some of the poorest people among us, and that can only be counted as a win. About time something went right for them! For many, perhaps a majority, of those who weren’t desperate to begin with, of course, it’s been awful. Reply ↓ ChiGal in Carolina May 8, 2017 at 5:02 pm Is she vulnerable to clawbacks of assets down the road (like when she wants to leave her home to her kids)? Not assuming she has assets, but many do and the expansion specifically defined recipients as liable for paying a share of the costs incurred at some point. Reply ↓ Greg Lemieux May 8, 2017 at 5:15 pm I was on Medicaid for a year and left it because of the potential of claw backs. The main thing was that when you participate in these programs you are never given an invoice or any document that allows you to know what the procedure was or what it was billed for. I imagine that your heirs will have to take the government for their word. Reply ↓ Art Eclectic May 8, 2017 at 7:08 pm It’s unmitigated BS that some people manage to leave assets to their kids while taking advantage of the taxpayer dime. Reply ↓ jrs May 8, 2017 at 7:14 pm maybe it’s unmitigated BS that people are unable to leave anything to their kids because of healthcare costs (anything, if we’re talking real money that’s an inheritance tax issue). But I do think anyone who refuses needed healthcare (unless they are terminal and then that’s a decision having to do with hospice care which should have nothing to do with clawbacks) because of clawback is being crazy. Look unless they hate you, EVEN your kids don’t want you dead prematurely for the sake of an inheritance. So take Medicaid already! Reply ↓ Carla May 8, 2017 at 10:39 pm Although my friend was working in a low-wage job with no benefits when she first qualified for expanded Medicaid, she soon lost that Gig. Although she holds a Master’s degree, due to a divorce she never had any assets. Look, my comment was about how the Medicaid expansion of Obamacare has done some remarkable good for people who needed it most. It was not about asset protection! I know. Hard for middle class Americans to imagine… but we are talking about tens of millions of people. Reply ↓ diptherio May 8, 2017 at 2:35 pm A Brief History of Economics (in emojis) https://twitter.com/janmpdx/status/854740147736264705 Reply ↓ ChrisAtRU May 8, 2017 at 4:16 pm Ha! Nice! Reply ↓ diptherio May 8, 2017 at 2:37 pm Couple of recent articles from Communities Magazine should be of interest to people here: http://www.ic.org/addressing-climate-change-two-generations-at-heart-culture-farm-community/ http://www.ic.org/living-energy-farm-an-answer-for-climate-change/ Reply ↓ jo6pac May 8, 2017 at 3:19 pm Thanks for the links. Reply ↓ Vatch May 8, 2017 at 2:40 pm From Hillary Clinton’s tweet: Defeat to those interfering w/democracy. Doesn’t she understand that she was one of those interfering with democracy? Her campaign, or her agents interfered with democracy during the primaries. 1. Superdelegates. 2. Purged 125,000 names from the Brooklyn voter rolls. (It’s not clear that this was intended to benefit Clinton, but she was probably helped by this.) 3. After there weren’t enough Democratic ballots in 6 Illinois counties, the Democratic Illinois Attorney General sued to prevent post-election day voting by those who had been denied the right to vote. 4. Mysterious coinflips at caucuses seemed to grant victory to Clinton most of the time. 5. Bill Clinton illegally electioneered at Massachusetts polling places on election day. 6. Did I mention superdelegates? Then there was the huge problem where people had to wait 5 hours to vote in Maricopa County, Arizona, but I guess that wasn’t caused by Clinton or her agents. Reply ↓ justanotherprogressive May 8, 2017 at 3:04 pm Don’t you think these tweets and Hillary’s desire to include herself in every resistance movement just might be a desperate attempt on her part to stay in control or at least to stay relevant? Her attempts are shabby at best….. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner May 8, 2017 at 4:29 pm I posted down thread, but I think shes simply stupid. Remember she is the most famous cuckold in the world and has been twice defeated in her desire to become President by one guy who had no campaign platform and a horrid name for running in a racist country and Donald Trump. She didn’t lose to FDR. She lost to an empty suit ‘(at best) and Trump despite every advantage campaigns dream of. She tweeted that the media tells her not to speak out. Consider her state of mind. Its possible she is saying some really crazy stuff and would only serve to embarrass elite Dems and media people. The loyalists wont care, but the Podesta emails indicate Hillary is under the impression America discovered Japan. Reply ↓ dcblogger May 8, 2017 at 4:45 pm Hillary Clinton is very intelligent and hugely popular. We long ago chased all the Hillary supporters off NakedCapitalism, but HRC won the popular vote. Millions and Millions of people voted for her. They remain interested in her. They want to know what she has to say. Her book will sell very well, all her previous books were best sellers. We may not support her, but millions of people do. You don’t have to admire to to acknowledge her popularity. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner May 8, 2017 at 5:00 pm Hillary believes America discovered Japan. Shes an idiot and lost to Donald Trump and Obama. A dead Democrat could win 45 million votes just by being on the ballot in the general election. Of course, most of your defense applies to Trump too. Reply ↓ Darius May 8, 2017 at 6:31 pm I’ve read several good reviews of Shattered and Hillary comes off as living on another planet. She apparently had no idea what so many people were angry about or why they were feeling desperate and hopeless. Liberal educated professionals were doing just fine. Reply ↓ Carla May 8, 2017 at 10:50 pm Hillary lives on the same planet as liberal, educated, COASTAL professionals. There are tens of millions of them who are doing just fine. And they fully share her cluelessness about the rest of us. They are the cool people, while here in red country (no matter what our politics) we just fester like open sores. To be honest, that’s not very appealing, either. And by the way, reading several reviews of a book doesn’t really count. If I were you, I wouldn’t brag about it. Reply ↓ Darius May 9, 2017 at 12:29 am Not bragging. No time or attention span. Reply ↓ jrs May 9, 2017 at 2:47 am yea I hear you, if you follow the game of politics it might be more your thing. But it seems to me there is so much more interesting stuff to read out there. Reply ↓ jrs May 9, 2017 at 2:28 am Liberal educated professionals do ok anywhere (but probably much better at places other than the coasts as their money goes further). I hope noone is ignorant enough to claim there is no poverty on the coasts when Los Angeles has the highest homeless population in the nation and it’s not hidden, you can’t drive anywhere without seeing another homeless encampment. Reply ↓ Mark P. May 8, 2017 at 8:08 pm Hillary Clinton is very intelligent and hugely popular. Get real. This is a woman who graduated in the bottom 25 percent of her year at law school and failed to pass the bar exam in DC, whereupon she was forced to follow her former college boyfriend, William Jefferson Clinton, to Arkansas and only there succeeded in passing the bar. Likewise in 1994, after the nepotistic chutzpah of Bill’s claim that America was getting “two for one” when he installed Hillary as health czar during his first presidential term, she proceeded to demonstrate appalling strategic ineptitude by assuming that she could essentially dictate terms to the American medical-industrial complex because her husband was in the White House. The medical-industrial complex played her like the arrogant buffoon that she was, and healthcare reform went down the toilet for twenty years. Likewise, too, something like half a million Syrians have now died because Hillary wanted to burnish her resume while she was U.S. secretary of state and demonstrate her credentials as a hawk. I could go on and on. Hillary was and is the very definition of incompetent scum. The only thing the woman has ever done halfway competently is grifting. Even there, she keeps on getting caught and only the fact that we live in a society where the one percent are essentially immune to prosecution has saved her. . As for the popularity part of your proposition, the rejoinder to that is that a large segment of the American population voted for Trump as the lesser of the two evils they were offered. Reply ↓ different clue May 9, 2017 at 1:43 am Hillary believes America discovered Japan? Without sarcasm or exaggeration, are you saying that Hillary literally actual thinks in point of actual dispassionate fact that America actually discovered Japan? Is there a reproducible quote or followable link to actual proof of her actually saying that? I myself would want to be very careful before repeating a thing like that under the belief that it is courtroom quality fact. Reply ↓ Pat May 8, 2017 at 5:03 pm I can acknowledge her popularity and still discuss HER goal in tweeting at all and when she slams the media recognize it is a continuation of her inability to admit her own failings. Being popular does not always equate with competent, talented intelligent and/or deserving of that popularity. Remember almost every Kardashian has more followers than Hillary Rodham Clinton Reply ↓ ProNewerDeal May 8, 2017 at 5:19 pm I recall from the 2016 campaign that Hillary had the 2nd worst net disapproval (approval – disapproval) number in US Pres history, where the poll of the D & R nominees done each election going back to 1980. Furthermore, Hillary lost to ConManD0n, the guy with the worst net disapproval number. It is possible that given the large US population & de facto 2-party distraction, any D or R nominee could be popular with some millions of diehard “fans”, despite being very unpopular as a percentage of the population. Keep in mind even the likes of Sarah Palin has some cohort of diehard fans. Most Disapproved Ever ConManD0n even has thousands at his rallies 6 months after the election. Reply ↓ ProNewerDeal May 8, 2017 at 6:00 pm typo, should’ve written “de facto 2-party duopoly” Reply ↓ Todde May 8, 2017 at 5:48 pm Her last book didn’t sell well at all. Reply ↓ roadrider May 8, 2017 at 6:15 pm Millions and Millions of people voted for her. They remain interested in her. Well, there’s no accounting for taste. Reply ↓ Big River Bandido May 8, 2017 at 7:03 pm Hillary Clinton is very intelligent and hugely popular… HRC won the popular vote. For the moment we’ll lay aside her “popularity” rating (the lowest of any presidential candidate in 4 decades). Her entire margin in the popular vote came from a single state, which indicates that her mandate among the nation as a whole was even worse than the overall result implies — and furthermore, we all know the rules of winning an election. Except HRC, who had 8 years to run, somehow couldn’t figure that out despite one of her predecessors making the exact same errors in 2000. She became the first Democrat to lose PA — and only the second one to lose IA — in 28 years (even Michael Dukakis won those states.) She became the first Democrat to lose MI and WI since Walter Mondale 32 years ago. Damn near became the first to lose MN since George McGovern in 1972. That’s not “intelligent” at all — it’s downright stupid politics. Reply ↓ Massinissa May 8, 2017 at 7:46 pm ” and Millions of people voted for her. They remain interested in her” Considering she had such high unpopularity ratings, its probable that most Dems who voted for her just voted for her because they were scared shitless of The Donald. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 8, 2017 at 8:00 pm Her book will sell very well…. I’m sure it will. Once the DNC uses all the money it didn’t spend supporting decent candidates to buy up all the copies. Reply ↓ Anonymous May 8, 2017 at 8:35 pm Hillary Clinton could not even pass the Washington DC bar exam. She could only practice in Arkansas. She’s not that bright. She’s driven, power-mad and focused, but not insightful and has horrible judgment and zero empathy or conscience. Some of her actions are absolutely chilling. Her psychopathy is on full display. Many, if not most, of Hillary’s 3 million popular votes came from California. She was popular with coastal elites who benefited from her neoliberal policies and who apparently have little regard for the domestic and foreign victims of Hillary’s war profiteering. Reply ↓ Vatch May 8, 2017 at 9:18 pm Millions of people voted for her. Yes, but. . . . Millions of people also voted for Trump (not quite as many, but close). That tens of millions of people would willingly vote “for” either one of them is difficult for me to believe. I’m pretty sure that a lot of the votes on either side were really votes against the other major candidate. Reply ↓ Daryl May 9, 2017 at 2:35 am She won the popular vote with record low turnout. Sure, she’s “popular” in that I guess a lot of people are aware of her. A lot of those people don’t like her, too, which is probably why the Democrats lost when a bag of bricks might have won. Reply ↓ Arizona Slim May 8, 2017 at 5:03 pm Slim here. We didn’t have major voting problems down here in Pima County, but in Maricopa? Oh, brother. And let’s just say that the AZ Democratic Party wasn’t up in arms about those five-hour lines. Of course not. Because their chosen candidate, The Inevitable Hillary, won our state’s Democratic primary. Now, the Sanders campaign wasn’t exactly raising hell either. They packed up and left the state. It was up to us Zonies to take to the streets and I was one of them. Reply ↓ optimader May 8, 2017 at 5:15 pm Doesn’t she understand that she was one of those interfering with democracy? No or know? I vote the later.. Reply ↓ John Morrison May 8, 2017 at 10:59 pm “2. Purged 125,000 names from the Brooklyn voter rolls. (It’s not clear that this was intended to benefit Clinton, but she was probably helped by this.)” “Then there was the huge problem where people had to wait 5 hours to vote in Maricopa County, Arizona, but I guess that wasn’t caused by Clinton or her agents.” Voter suppression tactics such as these are one benefit of third parties, especially if they buckle up, hold their noses (if necessary) and work together: they have standing to sue for the sabotage of their elections — and maybe even sue for immediate redress, Court order: “Get 100 more voting machines there within 30 minutes, or you’re jailed.” Reply ↓ Ernesto Lyon May 8, 2017 at 2:41 pm Class dailykos thread by the Kos himself. tl;dr – take your anti-identiatarianism and shove it. Sanders too. http://www.dailykos.com/stories/2017/5/8/1660063/-If-we-agree-on-the-issues-why-are-so-many-on-the-Left-fighting-each-other Reply ↓ Outis Philalithopoulos May 8, 2017 at 3:32 pm Fascinating. In his title, he laments that “we” on “the Left” are “fighting each other,” and then proceeds to… fight… against “hard-core Bernie Sanders dead-enders” “waging jihad against the party,” also known as “mostly white and male Christian or atheist progressives.” He puzzles over the fact that “we” on “the Left” have “near unanimity” on basic values like “income equality” and “justice for all.” However, the “alt left,” according to Kos, believes that income equality can “solve all our ills.” It soon becomes clear that many on “the Left” don’t actually share all of “our” values, and are in fact “assholes.” I became quite confused at this point. There is “near unanimity” on “income equality”? Did the Democratic Party announce that it favors income equality for all people when I wasn’t paying attention? What is the plan that we “all” agree on for how to get there? He concludes by announcing that whereas he hasn’t made a big deal out of his minority status up to now, that has ended. We will now see “Latino Kos” “loud and proud.” So all of you “asshole borderline racists” out there, be afraid: the party is over. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 3:44 pm Glad to see him stand up for the Kos Cause and get that rant off his breasts. Must be running low on money. Maybe we’ll see some web begging? Pledge a Peso or two – they be cheap. Also, his ID pol needs updating with the real demo data widely and longly in the MSM news. As usual, white bros be an unofficial minority. Even if your alter ego isn’t a black dude named Airbelly – Son of Ledbelly*, and you have a guitar named “Lucille” but you have no clue where the name came from. But you’ll still try picking and stroking Lucille. The Bitch. * And you may be woke enough to know Ledbelly penned “House of the Rising Sun” ! Reply ↓ dcblogger May 8, 2017 at 4:41 pm can’t find it now, but somewhere there is a graphic (I think from Pew research) saying that blacks and women overwhelmingly support Sanders Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 5:00 pm I think Lambert had it or similar in Watercooler sometime in the past few days. I think the “professions”, old white male dominated, indicated the Hillary preference. Makes me feel a twinge of guilt, but I’ve now joined Jesus, and split into my part time alter ego, Airbelly, Son of Ledbelly, Cajin Blues Star Extraordinaire. But I gotta practice lots more before I tell anyone. Reply ↓ Kurt Sperry May 8, 2017 at 7:34 pm I think this is what you are referring to- https://twitter.com/kthalps/status/856508029470167040/photo/1 Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner May 8, 2017 at 4:54 pm Owning Kos didn’t help national Democrats in the last cycle. I wonder how much money went his way during the campaign. I suppose like the Democrats swore to do, Kos will seek to mine Hispanic voters to augment his blog’s status. Reply ↓ jrs May 8, 2017 at 5:14 pm I guess he will have plenty of money for his healthcare expenses anyway. Reply ↓ ChrisAtRU May 8, 2017 at 4:22 pm Currently on my #WorstTakes list for today: Near Unanimity on income inequality may not be so near after all. Reply ↓ RUKidding May 8, 2017 at 4:43 pm Don’t read the Great Orange Satan… this is reason #5432 or something. I did swing by there a bit during the campaign and the anti-Sanders stuff was over the top. But I see lots of anti-Sanders stuff at other purported “leftwing” blogs. I don’t get it, except that there’s been viscious rumors (probably spawned by the DNC and the Clintonistas) that it’s all the fault of “BernieBros” that Sainted Empress Clinton lost… except when it’s Putin’s fault, of course, or maybe Julian Assange’s fault or Jill Stein’s fault. Of course, it is never ever Clinton’s fault in any way. IMO, Sanders has handled himself admirably throughout, up to and including today. Why these Clintonistas continue in their vitriolic hatred of Sanders is both puzzling and extremely aggravating. Talk about pitting people against one another, so that the 1% takes the spoils. While Sanders is far from perfect – who is?? – he’s one of the few politicians out there that I see actively WORKING HARD for the rights of the middle and working classes. What has Clinton done in that regard except for some Tweets? Sheesh. These people. Well Kos is ex-CIA, and it was made evident that the CIA wanted Clinton to win, even though the Fibbies did not and still don’t. So that may be part of it, I suppose. Reply ↓ Massinissa May 8, 2017 at 7:55 pm Man, I feel bad for Bernie sometimes. He gets hated on by people like Markos for being too far to the left of the Dems, and then he gets hated on by the far left (often including myself) for not being enough far left of the Dems. Reply ↓ jrs May 8, 2017 at 5:07 pm or he seems to be fighting anyone who actually does prioritize single payer (whereas I see how people prioritize things differently and don’t see it as a right or wrong thing – I mean sure the fact that we are destroying the biosphere may be more important in some way than the unemployment rate but … see it’s not so clear cut is it). But anyway he like can’t understand it, all this fussing over single payer, it’s just inexplicable, it’s over his privileged head or something, he makes to much $$$$$. Do you think the Ko$ has ever lost any sleep over healthcare of himself or his family? You are seeing the loud and proud outting of RICH KO$. Reply ↓ Lee May 8, 2017 at 6:26 pm IMHO, Kos has lost his [family blog] mind. I visited and commented at that site for several years. Now, I rarely go there and very occasionally find a progressive or pro-Sanders point of view being expressed. But mostly they are just crazed identitarians screeching about Trump’s awfulness. The guy is indeed awful but we do have bigger, systemic fish to fry. Every time I go to DK I post a quote from and link to Naked Capitalism. Reply ↓ Darius May 8, 2017 at 6:39 pm Sarah Jones tweeted today that just because LePen was so awful doesn’t mean Macron is good. Same applies to Trump and the Democrats. Reply ↓ Massinissa May 8, 2017 at 7:52 pm “Christian or atheist progressives.” I’m still trying to wrap my head around this part. Is he saying that Christians and atheists are both privileged like being white and male or something? Because otherwise I don’t see much in common between the two. Reply ↓ different clue May 9, 2017 at 1:49 am Markos Moulitsas ( and Moulitsas is a GREEK name, by the way), is a perfect example of all those millions of Hillary supporters. I have said before that they are a civic threat and a political menace, and a major nonpoint source of ethical and moral pollution. Reply ↓ curlydan May 8, 2017 at 4:28 pm OMG. Have barf bag ready! Abandon all logic before you enter! I guess any article by Kos is like train-wreck click bait…kind of like David Brooks :) His big ask is: would you accept a border wall for universal health care? I can’t even imagine being in a state of mind where this somehow becomes a “trade” much less a red line you dare to cross. Why can’t we pursue and advocate policies that simply help “the people” and be against dumbass proposals? Why can we pick only one? Reply ↓ Gareth May 8, 2017 at 5:59 pm His big ask is: would you accept a border wall for universal health care? ————— That’s easy. Yes, I would. I like the way this dude thinks, breaking across all the ideological divisions. And they could also dig a big effing trench, filled with crocodiles and rubber ducks, in exchange for a universal job guarantee. Reply ↓ jrs May 8, 2017 at 6:47 pm Of course as some pointed out it’s not even an argument. It’s just an insult. I mean if one needs to answer the hypothetical question, I suppose there are several approaches, one could try for utilitarian (I think single payer would win, I suspect it would improve and save more lives but that’s an empirical and I don’t claim to actually have that data). One could be more narrow and say that questions within one’s country are more important than saving the whole world. This is how EVERYONE lives in actual practice to some degree. Very few of us are more concerned with suffering in Africa than single payer OR police brutality. One could just say they are driven to care about what they do for personal reasons (maybe they even are say a nurse who prioritizes single payer). I’ve argued subjective is ok for determining one’s actions politically. One could argue an issue is more central than another, for instance one may prioritize the environment, but understand why this must entail a policy of economic justice as well (for reasons of justice but even just to get any buy in on your environmental concerns!). So someone on Ko$ is commenting on Ko$ on how this needs to be determined dialectically. Yes maybe, but they are trying to have a thinking persons argument, in a place where thought is even less welcome than in Trumps head quite frankly. Reply ↓ Mark P. May 8, 2017 at 8:37 pm curlydan wrote: His big ask is: would you accept a border wall for universal health care? I can’t even imagine being in a state of mind where this somehow becomes a “trade” much less a red line you dare to cross. You should start imagining that in fact this is a real trade-off that our societies confront. Because almost certainly what Markos is tiptoeing around here is that he’s run across mention of Rodrik’s Trilemma somewhere and rather than address it honestly he’s thrown up this little piece of bullshit. Unfortunately, Rodrik’s Trilemma is a real, valid problem. Arguably, the great problem of the 21st century — http://rodrik.typepad.com/dani_rodriks_weblog/2007/06/the-inescapable.html http://rodrik.typepad.com/dani_rodriks_weblog/2016/06/brexit-and-the-globalization-trilemma.html In the developed global North, there increasingly aren’t going to be enough jobs to maintain capitalism as we’ve known it, so basic income and services will have to take up the slack. Simultaneously, as climate change kicks in in the undeveloped global South, famine and social breakdown will increasingly force refugee populations to flee northwards, where at some point they’ll utterly overwhelm the developed states’ abilities to maintain their existing populations. It’s all only going to become more intensely difficult. Reply ↓ jrs May 8, 2017 at 4:57 pm I don’t even understand the question, would I take reading that for someone who can word a non-ambiguous question? So is the question will I put up with the wall for single payer healthcare? Yea likely so. Or is the question: am I willing to give up building the wall for single payer healthcare? Sure. Reply ↓ Another Anon May 8, 2017 at 9:04 pm I think what Kos is trying to say, is that there is not enough political support to get single payer health care amongst those who want it and don’t want the wall. Therefore getting sufficient support for single payer healthcare requires one to get the support of the above group and those who would support it provided such a wall is built. This is bullshit for as others have mentioned, it makes no sense if someone who wants A and B will say no to A if B is not possible. My granddaughter won’t refuse getting chocolate, if she can’t get both chocolate and cake. Reply ↓ Big River Bandido May 8, 2017 at 7:09 pm “If we agree on the issues…” False premise. Reply ↓ Kurtismayfield May 8, 2017 at 7:17 pm I am very proud of Markos.. he waited one paragraph to start hippie punching. So again, ask yourself: would you trade universal health care for Trump’s glorious wall and enhanced hiring of jackbooted government ICE thugs to raid homes, schools, and workplaces? And if the answer is “yes”—then please, show yourself out the door. I don’t remember Hillary offering universal healthcare in the campaign. And she never mentioned trading it for rigorous immigration enforcement. Reply ↓ jrs May 8, 2017 at 7:24 pm no and Trump never actually offered it either. I suppose it was supposed to be some sort of thought experiment. Which was answered with not thought and not even subjective opinion. But subjective opinion + anyone who disagrees with my subjective opinion is an @ssh0le. Why? Don’t ask why, that’s entirely too much thinking you are doing there buddy. Reply ↓ Damson May 9, 2017 at 1:08 am He demonstrates the point C. Johnstone at the Medium link makes perfectly. Typical white noise from the Establishment (whose all – encompassing liberalism is of the limousine variety – pet causes /divide-and-conquer identity politics). But there appears to be real worry behind the noise – that income inequality may very well get coopted by a real grassroots, identity-transcendent movement, instead of contained/diluted, even perverted for oligarch ends. The class issue is back. The political is returning to the economy, from whence it had been believed permanently evicted (MMT). That would sound the death – knell for apparatchiks such as the Kos. Reply ↓ LT May 8, 2017 at 2:45 pm Re: The Nation “Rock Star MMT”… Who has flexibility? Key words: sovereign currency-issuing nation. Preach it to the youth…and fast! Reply ↓ HopeLB May 8, 2017 at 3:29 pm Downwithtyranny is working on it. This made it fairly high up on reddit; http://downwithtyranny.blogspot.com/2017/05/about-next-great-crash.html Reply ↓ mk May 9, 2017 at 12:32 am thank you Reply ↓ Dead Dog May 8, 2017 at 3:33 pm Agreed, but we face a huge, immovable, mass of economists and other intellectuals who rely (ie earn their living) by supporting the untrue statement that: Government spending requires taxes or debt to fund it. Sounds ‘right’ to most of my friends, who need income or debt to buy things. —– Budget morning here in Oz. As a younger economist and working in the Government in Canberra, I used to get excited in the budget and rarely missed watching the Treasurer’s speech in the early evening (second Tuesday in May). After my ‘enlightenment’, due in no small part to being an early adopter of NC’s wisdom, and especially the commentariat, I cringe every time any politician repeats the lie. So is it a lie? I don’t think so. It’s more akin to indoctrination and continues to be supported by some very bright minds in Treasury, Finance and so on. I think that the idea that you could give a government, any government, virtually unlimited resources to solve every social need… Well, that government would be much too powerful. And, the rent seeking party would be over Thank you Lambert for continuing to help people to understand MMT. Every new person that ‘gets it’ is welcome Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 3:54 pm If you just ignore MMT like everyone else does, you’ll be right far more often than wrong. Plus, you won’t presently be on the hook for $50K in per capita federal and state debt. Or $200K for a family of four. With an income ave at $52K/year and you have to still borrow to make ends meet, and that will certainly get much worse too. Reply ↓ Deadl E Cheese May 8, 2017 at 4:15 pm If you ignore Einsteinian physics in lieu of Newtonian physics like almost everyone else does, you’ll be right far more often than wrong, too. Let’s go back to your analogy: if you had unlimited property rights to use a legal tender printing press or US Treasury banking software, what does it even mean to have debt? As far as you’re concerned, what’s the practical difference in this situation from being owed by 100 people a million dollars each or owing 100 people a million dollars each? Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 4:40 pm Debt service. Only reason we keep rolling the snowball downhill. Till snowball meets Hobbit Village. Tolkien didn’t just make this stuff up either. He was a student of history, and the future. Sauron always gets the gold from Smurf, and issues script to pay the stooped Orcs. But Sauron was too clever to take on Sovereign debt, and his flying Ring King Monsters didn’t buy food, so they had no reason to borrow at state or personal levels. Reply ↓ Mark P. May 8, 2017 at 8:46 pm Thanks for clearing all that up! Reply ↓ Dead Dog May 8, 2017 at 4:21 pm Is the ignorance willful or not. Craazy? I guess if you get your viewpoints from the msm, it’s ignorance of a different sort. The Australian budget process here is tedious. Changes, additions, lapsing programs, all impact the Budget ‘bottom line’ (deficit or surplus) and this is where the focus is. Our public servants allow this to perpetuate as they are scared of a government with unlimited spending power. $300m for new Federal Police (to ensure our Nation’s security…) is ‘New Money’ no offsets (savings on other programs) required. More support to the poor? Can’t be done as would require taxes or more debt. All politicians follow the same script and it is excruciating to watch Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 4:48 pm The whole world went neolib, aussies are no exception. In my case, I studied econ, finance and money since college, and was lucky enough to find some credible sources post college that didn’t try to load up their writings with a bunch of fluff for the sake of selling heavier text books by the pound. Then, these past ten years, it’s been almost impossible to find a finance and econ site that hasn’t been at least partly coopted by overly chatty, but ill informed, self identifying MMTers. Fortunately, I already know how it works, so I didn’t waste that much time on it. Except for all the fun you can have with it. I can and have just told people how it all works in a few simple paragraphs. It’s just that it doesn’t seem to help, or a newbie expert comes along. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 8, 2017 at 5:06 pm The whole world went neolib, aussies are no exception. Yup, and all dissenting regimes were “neutralized,” even the Aussies, hence the soft coup in 1975. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/1975_Australian_constitutional_crisis Reply ↓ AbateMagicThinking but Not money May 8, 2017 at 8:44 pm A lie – well that is relatively benign. We all do it – even to ourselves, but indoctrination is a different kettle of fish altogether and not at all benign. You can lie to yourself with alacrity, but you have a go at indoctrinating yourself. The doctrine I see being promulgated is that private wealth is equivalent to public wealth and that the methods of regulating a person’s private wealth and a nation’s wealth are the same. Either the politicians don’t understand this (being indoctrinated themselves) or they are loathe for some reason to educate the people of the consequences of the differences between creating personal wealth and public (national) wealth. If for reasons of convenience, because of an ill-educated population they fail to point out the difference, the power-elite has to be very careful not to believe its own propaganda. Can a nation’s power-elite become self-deluded by believing its own propaganda? My response is: show me a power-elite that isn’t self deluded – It is only a matter of degree. Pip Pip Reply ↓ Another Anon May 8, 2017 at 9:11 pm DeadDog, Is there still support for “negative gearing” in Oz ? It seems to me that it is driving much of the real estate bubble. Reply ↓ Not Invented Here! (even though I did invent it) May 9, 2017 at 12:55 am re Negative Gearing in Oz ( and coincidentally Budget day in OZ – May 9th) The current government momentarily touted changing negative gearing within the past few years. but such a kerfuffle was stirred up, the proposal was canned (as in: can of worms). The currently hot expression: thought-bubble comes to mind; assumed meaning: policy we didn’t OK with the lobbyists. Additionally, when the Labor opposition embraced the possibility of change and put up their own proposal, change became a total No-No, as in collapse-of-the-economy type No-No. Today the new government “budget” will be announced with measures proposed to enable the current batch of potential first-time home buyers to more easily afford to enter the still over-heated housing market. It will have to be a cunning plan, or the sellers of bottom-end property will have added the appropriate sum to the price of their offerings about 15 seconds after the proposed change is announced. Ah Politics; endlessly entertaining if you can forget that you have skin in the game for a while! In this respect the current POTUS is a gem – Mutually Assured Destruction and all. Pip Pip! Reply ↓ craazyman May 8, 2017 at 8:27 pm I think Woodie Guthrie is gonna sing at the MMT concert, This is “The Do Re Mi” Song (w/apologies to Mr. Guthrie) economists back east they say is leavin home every day they’re beaten that hot old dusty way to the Kansas City line across the money lands they roll lookin for a tenure dole they think they’re goin to a sugar bowl but here’s what they find the professers at the port of entry say “you can teach here but we’re not sure we can pay” chorus: Whoa! if you can’t live on MMT boys If you can’t live on MMT You better go back to beautiful Wall Street Princeton, Yale or Harvard where there’s currency Kansas City is a garden of Eden (Editorial interruption: put Wilbert Harrison’s Kansas City on the record player! Kansas City, Kansas City here I come, Goin to Kansas City, Kansas City here I come, they got a lot a crazy women there (like Professor Kelton) and I think I’m gonna get me one, I’m standin on the corner, 12th street and Vine, standin’ on the corner, 12th Street and Vine, Got some MMT money & gonna buy a bottle of Kansas City wine. . .Now we’ll return to the song . . . ) A paradise to teach in — for free But believe it or no, you won’t find it so hot If you can’t live on MMT If you want to buy a home or farm that won’t do nobody harm or take your vacations at the mountains or sea but don’t swap your gold bars for dollars They’ll print them right up to the stars You better take this little tip from me I channel up the centuries every day ( sorry that’s not a good line for a song) and the history of money always say . . . (that’s not so good either) chorus . . . Reply ↓ roxy May 8, 2017 at 2:45 pm “But the media says I can’t talk about that.” What part of JUST GO AWAY does she not understand? Reply ↓ a different chris May 8, 2017 at 4:37 pm She’s having trouble with the “JUST”, the “GO”, and the “AWAY”. But otherwise she is the smartest most qualified person evah. Reply ↓ RUKidding May 8, 2017 at 4:45 pm What part doesn’t she understand? All of it. Nor does she want to understand. Inserting herself in inglorious ways seems to be her MO these days. Ugh. Reply ↓ Plenue May 8, 2017 at 11:18 pm What is she even referring to with that comment? In what (wonderful, utopian) world is the media not talking constantly about how the Ruskies supposedly interfered in our election? Another wave of that nonsense hit just today; someone named Sally Yates said some fluff or other about the Michael Flynn nonsense. God, the Trump administration should have put their foot down and stubbornly refused to back down on that gibberish from the start. Flynn talked to an Ambassador, you know, someone who is literally paid to talk to people. The end. But they didn’t stand their ground, and here we are, with Keith Olbermann just declaring Yates a national hero. Reply ↓ DWD May 8, 2017 at 2:47 pm There are at least 22 Democrats thinking about running for president in 2020” [CNN]. And unless I missed it, no mention of Tulsi. They really don’t like her. That tells me that she must frighten them down to their designer shoes. Reply ↓ Vatch May 8, 2017 at 3:03 pm She’s not one of the Terrific Twenty Two, but she’s one of the Fantastic Forty Three in this article linked just below the CNN link: “The 43 people who might run against Trump in 2020” [The Hill]. Both lists include several people I have never heard of. Reply ↓ jo6pac May 8, 2017 at 3:06 pm maybe we can get little Jamie to run he is a demodog and now whats to solve Amerikas problem. https://finance.yahoo.com/news/jamie-dimon-national-catastrophe-ringing-165236154.html Reply ↓ polecat May 8, 2017 at 8:57 pm well, he’s got the cuff links … so that must mean he’s all presidential n shit ! Reply ↓ dcblogger May 8, 2017 at 3:07 pm looking at that Walmart story, you need a new category, stalker marketing. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 8, 2017 at 3:56 pm +1 Have we as a people gotten so lazy that we can’t be bothered to go to the store and buy more paper towels when we run out? Secondly, what happens when these sensors get hacked, or somebody’s three year old starts playing with one of them and an entire tractor trailer load of paper towels gets delivered to somebody’s house in error? Is the customer on the hook for the bill or is WalMart? Ugh, well I guess there is a reason Lambert refers to such devices as the “internet of s!@#.” Reply ↓ jrs May 8, 2017 at 4:03 pm a lot of it is lazy, but people also work long hours (and both parents work), have long commutes, live in a country without paid vacation, sick time, or enforced overtime laws. So they look for hacks. Weight the hacks against the downside (downside of having your paper towels tracked is lack of privacy, downside of automatic bill pay is they may charge you before you’ve seen the bill (!), downside of having all your meals in restaurants and ready made is health and maybe costs, downside of buying online is it doesn’t support local employment). But people WILL take a least some hacks, because they HAVE to. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 8, 2017 at 5:03 pm True, I did neglect the hack end of the deal, especially with so many folks working multiple jobs and those folks on the while collar side of the house being forced to work 60+ hour weeks with no OT. Thanks JRS. Reply ↓ footnote4 May 8, 2017 at 5:55 pm Laugh or you’d cry department https://www.theverge.com/platform/amp/circuitbreaker/2017/5/6/15566630/homekit-internet-of-shit Reply ↓ mirjonray May 8, 2017 at 8:12 pm Outside of the obvious creep factor, I also wonder how good a job they’d do keeping their items in stock. When you have a cranky old cat like I do, it’s very important to get the correct kitty litter and flavors of cat food delivered Just In Time. Reply ↓ different clue May 9, 2017 at 1:58 am I couldn’t be sure the headline matched the story. Was the story actually saying these sensors would be used to “inform” Walmart that it needed to order another such item to restock the store shelf from wherever the item had been bought from? Or did the article literally say that Walmart hopes to create a racket whereby an item in your own home send in an order for another such item to Walmart without you knowing? And that Walmart then sends it to you and bills you or drains your credit card or garnishes your paycheck for it? Reply ↓ Quentin May 8, 2017 at 3:09 pm Clinton is just so full of BS. No, her DNC didn’t interfere with democracy? Yes, she most surely can talk about that…but she won’t. Instead she pontificates about the WORLD: my goodness! Then tell us about how your democracy bypassed Libya, for instance. Once again Clinton is the victim: now the media is the culprit as she stands tall smiling as the barbs bounce of her. I happy to see she is tech savvy enough to twitter, just like her president. Reply ↓ NotTimothyGeithner May 8, 2017 at 4:23 pm Part of me wonders if people in her circle and the media have realized she really is stupid and are simply pleading with her not to speak in public because Hillary will only serve to embarrass herself and her circle. Reply ↓ different clue May 9, 2017 at 1:59 am If that is true, then setting Hillary free to say everything she wants to say might lead her to self-destruct in public. Her millions of supporters should start a movement to Unchain the Warrior Woman. Let Hillary Be Hillary! Reply ↓ clarky90 May 8, 2017 at 3:17 pm Features of a successful therapeutic fast of 382 days’ duration “A 27-year-old male patient fasted under supervision for 382 days and has subsequently maintained his normal weight. Blood glucose concentrations around 30 mg/100 ml were recorded consistently during the last 8 months, although the patient was ambulant and attending as an out-patient………Prolonged fasting in this patient had no ill-effects”. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2495396/ Re, Health Care. We have inexpensive, universal health care here in NZ. It is a Godsend in the case of accidents, trauma, infections, childbirth, stroke…. event based. However, when I look at my fellow Kiwis, we are not a very healthy community, in spite of easy access to modern health care? Overweight, diabetic, cancer, autoimmune problems, depression…… Fasting is an “amazing” and “normal” ability of our nomadic, hunter gathering forebears. (ALL of our forebears). Sometimes there was plenty of food, sometimes, a scarcity of food, sometimes, there was no food at all. The “no food at all” lasted until there was food again. https://www.dietdoctor.com/fasting-affects-physiology-hormones I am passing this on to anyone feeling overwhelmed by the hideous USA health care machinations. (IMHO of course!) Reply ↓ Jeotsu May 8, 2017 at 4:21 pm An anecdote from a farmer (who also happens to be in NZ) — Camelids evolved in a situation of food scarcity, and seasonal variation in food abundance and nutritive quality. NZ pastoral conditions are essentially permanent “club med” for these scarcity-adapted animals, so overweight and obese animals are very common. On our farm we happen to run them on (rather steep) hill country, so we end up with animals that are both very fit, and very fat. We’ve had female animals come onto our place from flat paddocks who were suffering from endocrine disruptions – upshot meaning they couldn’t get pregnant. Leave them on the hills for 6-12 months and they would still be fat-to-obese (though no longer morbidly obese, with fat rolls down the flanks) and their endocrine system would get back in line and they’d have no problem with pregnancies. Yes, they are camels and we are humans, but I can’t help but look at that experience and then decide maybe I should go out for a long walk today. We have become far too sedentary. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 8, 2017 at 5:02 pm We have become far too sedentary. +1 This is so true, and it is a huge part of why I have been commuting to work on a bike for the past year or so. May is National Bike Month, May 19th is National Bike to Work Day, and I encourage the entire commenteriat to give it a shot if feasible. Reply ↓ AbateMagicThinking but Not money May 8, 2017 at 9:54 pm I used to commute to work on my bike – even through the wet and murky English winters. I found it the best way to flush the Dilbert-esque madness out at the end of the day. Through doing that, I went cycle touring in France, Spain and Thailand for months, but mostly as a fair-weather cyclist – spending days in my tent trying to learn French when it rained solidly. During the many hours in the saddle, the best alternative name I could come up with for cars was: lard-luggers Any other suggestions ,anyone? Pip-Pip! Reply ↓ Huey Long May 8, 2017 at 4:25 pm RE: 382 Day Fast I couldn’t tell from reading the abstract, but did this fellow go without food for 382 days? The reason I ask is that fasting has various meanings, like during Ramadan when fasting consists of abstaining from food and drink during the daytime hours only. Commenteriat, please advise! Reply ↓ clarky90 May 8, 2017 at 7:01 pm Hi HL It was a complete fast! Scroll down from the abstract and the entire paper is there as pdfs. Here is a before and after photo. https://i2.wp.com/2ketoblog.ramorris.com/wp-content/uploads/sites/3/2016/09/angusB.jpg?fit=400%2C321 “This patient weighted in 456 pounds (~207 kg) and weighted out 180 pounds (~82 kg). So, he lost 276 pounds (~125kg) during his fast. Five years after the fast ended, the patient’s weight has been constantly around the values of 196 pounds. A.B. had no ill symptoms during and after the fast. Throughout the entire period of 382 days, patient A.B. consumed water and had taken vitamin supplements, yeast for the first 10 months, potassium supplements (Day 93 to Day 162), and sodium supplements (Day 345 to Day 355). Urine and blood collections were taken throughout the whole period of fasting. Fecal evacuations were infrequent in the later period of the fasting, as the time between stools was averaging from 37-48 days, as the researchers claim”. The things that we humans are capable of doing. wow Reply ↓ Bugs Bunny May 8, 2017 at 7:35 pm This case report is from 1973. Perhaps nutritional science has advanced since then? Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 8, 2017 at 5:19 pm That’s a life style…fasting. But not all pre-conditions, like diabetic, are related to life style. Only one particular life style I can think of that guarantees pre-conditions – GM food diet. Almost all of us are forced to live that style, unfortunately. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 3:19 pm “Cutting nearly $1 trillion from Medicaid will give states the freedom to tailor the program to suit their needs, Health and Human Services Secretary Tom Price said Sunday, as he defended a narrowly passed House bill that aims to undo parts of the health care law enacted by the previous administration” +++++++++ OMG. It’s trwu, it’s trwu. They don’t teach Docs math in school! Well, some stat fodder then —————————– Total state government expenditures Between fiscal years 2014 and 2015, total state spending (including both state and federal funds and excluding bonds) was estimated to have increased by about 7.65 percent, from $1.7 trillion in fiscal year 2014 to an estimated $1.83 trillion in fiscal year 2015.[2] https://ballotpedia.org/Total_state_government_expenditures +++++++++++++++++++++ Total debt by state As of January 2014, total debt in the states equaled approximately $5.1 trillion. This equaled approximately $16,178 per capita. Alaska had the highest total state debt per capita at $40,714 ($29.8 billion total). https://ballotpedia.org/State_debt That explains no math. Reply ↓ allan May 8, 2017 at 3:19 pm Is methane slowing global warming in the Arctic? [Science(!)] Good news about climate change is especially rare in the Arctic. But now comes news that increases in one greenhouse gas—methane—lead to the dramatic decline of another. Research off the coast of Norway’s Svalbard archipelago suggests that where methane gas bubbles up from seafloor seeps, surface waters directly above absorb twice as much carbon dioxide as surrounding waters. The findings suggest that—in isolated spots in the Arctic—methane seeps could lessen the impact of climate change. “This is … totally unexpected,” says Brett Thornton, a geochemist at Stockholm University who was not involved in the research. These new findings challenge the popular assumption that methane seeps inevitably increase the global greenhouse gas burden. … Surely there’s a way to monetize this. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 3:29 pm I think it’s in a still shot, nicely framed. But we have the talkies now. So, Norway??? Reply ↓ HopeLB May 8, 2017 at 3:36 pm And more carbon dioxide in the ocean water is a desirable thing? Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 3:47 pm If you’re a kelp farmer… Reply ↓ HopeLB May 8, 2017 at 11:33 pm Yes, you might be really onto something there (!) unless my wanton oogling of the tubes has tricked me into a prokaryotes vs eukaryotes vs urchin battle story . Kelp seems to thrive in acidified waters. They are using it to remove carbonic acid (https://link.springer.com/article/10.1007/s11120-015-0138-5 ) but in warmer, acidic waters kelp can be wiped out by sea urchins switching from passive cold water bacteria/algae feeding to active kelp eatting. (http://what-when-how.com/water-science/kelp-and-seaweed-water-science/ ) Sea urchins can adapt to both acidification and warming. (https://phys.org/news/2014-12-sea-urchins-antarctica-ocean-acidification.html )(Could be the water equivalent to cockroaches though their spikeless, toxicless starfish brethren don’t fare so well ? ) Not sure where the toxic cyanobacteria tides fit in here. Maybe, they will ultimately win out (https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Oxygenation_Event ) liking heat, sunlight, acid and farm runoff (phosporous and nitrogen). Anyway, the whole thing, from methane plumes to human die off and back to the cyanobacteria oxygenating is just crying out for a comic book depiction or a fine melodic song. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 11:47 pm Cyanobacteria at the Gates! Nero fiddles! News at 11. hahaha. Reply ↓ witters May 9, 2017 at 2:51 am Is it exhibitionism? Reply ↓ Deadl E Cheese May 8, 2017 at 3:58 pm Now that Mechagodzilla has killed King Kong, looks like we are safe forever. Reply ↓ WobblyTelomeres May 8, 2017 at 3:23 pm “Even if California does pass single payer — and with an economy the size of France, they have the scale Vermont didn’t — what happens in a downtown? California is not a currency issuer… ” Neither is France. Or Greece. Reply ↓ jrs May 8, 2017 at 3:28 pm or the whole of Europe mostly, most of which have decent healthcare systems. So it’s probably all much less of a problem than everyone else from the entire U.S. coming to California to get healthcare if we got single payer. Because really whether or not it is funded by taxes, California CAN (oh yes most definitely CAN) afford it, but not if the entire country starts to see California as their option for free healthcare the day they decide to move here. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 4:29 pm The really annoying part being “immigrants” from Mexicao are dumping their $250/yr state plan and getting it somehow in CA. Weird thing about OCare at the low end of the scale is a gold or silver plan nets out the same price after rebate, if you are at poverty level. So a family of 6 can get gold plan coverage worth 100K a year with low co-pay and deductibles. No wonder the Rs are tweaked over that. Too bad they are about as creative as empty oil barrels beaten with a drumstick when it comes to creating functional alternatives. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 8, 2017 at 5:13 pm Too bad they are about as creative as empty oil barrels beaten with a drumstick when it comes to creating functional alternatives. I think this lack of creativity you speak of is a feature, not a bug. This way, whatever program they create will end up sucking, then they can rail against gov’t programs to the base, then laud the benefits of privatization to the donors, and finally either kill the aforementioned sucking program or privatize it for the benefit of a donor crony. You know, the whole ‘because markets, go die’ thing… Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 6:22 pm Kill it with lack of funding, or monetize it for cronies seems to be the modus operandi of the R’s and now the Ds. “The Bad Drive Out The Good”. QED I keep thinking it has to end, but how. The thought process keeps leading me to some kind of military coup. But those haven’t been great historically either. Plus, I be getting old and just wanted to golf a drink some beers. The past 10 years I’ve read 200 sci-fi and fantasy books. They all have political economy structures. I figure with 200 smart old humans exercising their speculative fiction powers, someone would have come up with a nice universe. But no:) Reply ↓ Another Anon May 8, 2017 at 9:22 pm Craazyboy, Just finished reading Kim Stanley Robinson’s latest novel “New York 2140”. Worth reading, and it is comforting to know that in the 22nd century, New York is still all about finance and real estate as that is mostly what the plot is about. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 9, 2017 at 12:02 am Haven’t got to that one yet. But soon. Just finished the Mistborn fantasy series by Brandon Sanderson. 3 novels, 700 pages a piece. Great too. It’s kinda like the 1st Testament 6 or 7 civilization collapses in the Future. Really. Tied my fantasy list for 1st place along with The Chronicles of Amber by Roger Zelazny and The Name of the Wind by Patrick Rothfuss. GOT ties for best film series. Reading The End Of All Things by John Scalzi. It’s the 4th novel in the Old Man’s War series ,one of my favs in the sci-fy category. It’s really getting good too. The political scamming among 400 Alien Races beats GOT! It starts – “It’s dark. I’m a disembodied brain in box. This is my story…” How can you not luv that?! So much made up stuff – so little time. Reply ↓ john k May 8, 2017 at 5:49 pm They pay less and get better care. How can that be a problem, financial or otherwise? Oh right, a political problem. How to craft a reasonably fair tax burden… taxing the companies, the employed, plus maybe consumers, in place of former insurance payments. Bearing in mind that the sickest and costliest of all, the over 65 group, are already covered. Oh right, the insurance companies might not like it. I think I found the problem! But wait… aren’t politicians elected to serve the people, not insurance companies? Reply ↓ Ronald Pires May 8, 2017 at 6:29 pm I assume that was supposed to be “. . . — what happens in a downturn? Exactly. Medical expenses typically go up in a downturm. California could go bankrupt. But additionally, California isn’t a closed pool. No state (except possibly Hawaii and Alaska) could be considered a closed pool. That means that if California did get single payer, sick people would flock to it. Wouldn’t you? Life and death? And there goes your budget; right out of control. Too many people talk insurance with nothing more than the experience with it of buying a few policies. Sorry, but state-based single payer — forget about Canada; we are not Canada — is a BAD IDEA. One state level failure, and we lose the argument for national single payer; the only single payer that will work. Reply ↓ Another Anon May 8, 2017 at 9:59 pm You raise a valid point, but couldn’t it still be financed by state taxes ? Reply ↓ Anonymous May 9, 2017 at 12:32 am This is another version of the argument that you cannot have universal healthcare *without* a border wall. If the entire planet wants to live in the US, the US system becomes unsustainable. Reply ↓ LT May 8, 2017 at 4:24 pm Re: The Bezzle: Wall-Mart Sensors I call it the “Desperation of the Internet of Things.” Stores following throughout your waking dys and maybe sleeping nights, desperate to keep spending on your mind. It really is a type of desperation. Reply ↓ pricklyone May 8, 2017 at 5:55 pm I’m still partial to the Amazon button things. When I go to relatives houses, I walk around and press all the buttons. They are well stocked with laundry soap, TP and the like. Just helping them be proactive, instead of reactive. Kidding, only kidding. Maybe. Reply ↓ Loblolly May 8, 2017 at 4:35 pm Why should I care about any issue other than the fact that I can’t pay my mortgage? Bring on MMT and throw the TPP right back into the trash. Out with the neo-libs, the neo-cons and the rest of the neo-feudalists. Defend the borders and no more foreign wars. We don’t need trade deals that export jobs or the oligarch backed politicians that support them. It’s less about making America great again, and more about what made America great in the first place:The idea that a nation and its government exists to serve all its people, not the ruling class. The number one problem in America is that Americans are being denied prosperity by the cancer that is cronyism. Climate change, immigration, trade, social justice and health care are all secondary issue and a distraction. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 8, 2017 at 4:58 pm It’s less about making America great again, and more about what made America great in the first place:The idea that a nation and its government exists to serve all its people, not the ruling class. I disagree and think the US propaganda machine has gotten the better of you here. The franchise was originally restricted to white male property owners, and excluded women, slaves, American Indians, those without property, and freed slaves in a number of states. Ergo, our government was formed by the ruling class and has been acting in their interest since its inception. The number one problem in America is that Americans are being denied prosperity by the cancer that is cronyism. While I agree with you wholeheartedly that this is a huge problem, I think the larger problem is that the average American perceives his or her self to be a “temporarily disgraced millionaire” as Steinbeck put it. Americans will not band together and admonish the rampant cronyism in this country because in their heart of hearts the average American really wants to be one of the landed gentry, and thinks that he/she will get there if they only work harder and save more. i.e. Americans won’t demand an excise tax on netjets memberships because they don’t wanna screw their future selves when they someday become affluent enough to afford fractional private jet ownership. Reply ↓ Dead Dog May 8, 2017 at 5:22 pm Americans will not band together and admonish the rampant cronyism in this country because in their heart of hearts the average American really wants to be one of the landed gentry, and thinks that he/she will get there if they only work harder and save more. Some truth in that. I also think we don’t band together when we are continually wedged by politicians. We are not encouraged to think that this a war against the working people. And, humans are tribal and can’t see our common cause Reply ↓ Huey Long May 8, 2017 at 5:38 pm Dead Dog, You touch on some good stuff there! We aren’t encouraged to think in class terms; in fact our major propaganda organs have been very successful at convincing Americans of all classes that they’re part of the middle class. We’re also fed a steady diet of propaganda admonishing socialism and communism, and those espousing socialist and communist views have been at best marginalized by our society, and at worst jailed, blacklisted, beaten, or shot. As for human tribalistic tendencies, that is a reality I don’t have a solution for, especially in an ethnically, culturally, religiously, economically, and geographically diverse country like the United States. Reply ↓ Loblolly May 8, 2017 at 9:48 pm As for human tribalistic tendencies, that is a reality I don’t have a solution for, The answer is nationalism. A constructed meta-tribe to unite the disparate elements that make up a modern nation. Reply ↓ hunkerdown May 8, 2017 at 10:07 pm The breakdown of which is basically what the USA and other Western nations guilt-tripped into accepting migrant labor are dealing with right now. Smaller countries would work out much better, giving plutocracy less to lord over and the people a better ability to remove offensive leaders (like that “nobody ever died from not having access to health care” guy) from their power and from their midst, another problem with which the USA and other Western nations browbeaten into neoliberal globalism are dealing with right now. Even Athens had ōstrakon. Reply ↓ AbateMagicThinking but Not money May 8, 2017 at 11:24 pm Re: American Class Consciousness It is simply fascinating that Americans don’t understand the class thing in the same way as us Alt-Europeans. I’m a Brit who knows what “Ivy League” means, and I have sat in the back US airliners which had demarcated seating arrangements, so the class thing is hardly hidden. I think that I heard that at some larger airports, the occupants of private jets are paying big bucks for accelerated passage through those inconvenient formalities (and who can blame them). If I ever get to fly first class again, I’ll have to contend with the fact that relatively, I’m still slumming it. I suppose that in a country with its feet so firmly planted in slavery, the civil war and its after-effects, the only classification that really counts in the polity is skin-colour. The rest – private education, wealth, etc counts for little in the minds of the majority. I would like to be absolutely in error on this! Give me some good arguments to the contrary someone! Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 8, 2017 at 5:51 pm The average American doesn’t demand anything (from the government) – we demand a lot from our waitresses (“Ms, this soup is too cold.”), truck drivers (“a robot could have done your job.”), etc – we merely pick one of the pre-selected candidates or issues (“Do I vote Bush or Obama?”). Reply ↓ Loblolly May 8, 2017 at 9:20 pm I’m no longer buying the Menken quote and it’s variants as a blanket dismissal of anyone who is not on board with everything the left has to say. I am not a temporarily embarrassed millionaire. I’m just a guy who wants to be able to make payments on my four acres and a Mazda without feeling like the rug’s being pulled out from under me. Maybe take a nice trip once in a while. That may put me in the wealthiest globally, but has absolutely no bearing on the arguments I make, however it keeps getting brought up and I’d like to nip it in the bud. The completely distorted costs of health care, education, housing and imported goods are to me not a rebuttal of capitalism but a a giant red flag that we need address what the sovereignity of a nation and its responsibility to it’s citizens really is. Frankly we’ve been paying lip service to that for a while now and austerity and recrimination are transparently self-serving excuses for bad governance from both parties. These are global problems and pointing out that the Founders were self-interested rich white men does not discount the greatness of the American experiment and it’s continued potential if we can find our way. Reply ↓ Loblolly May 8, 2017 at 9:41 pm i.e. Americans won’t demand an excise tax on netjets memberships because …. Why is another tax the only answer ever? I think most people rather than imagine themselves squillionaires, see how fast they can fall right to the bottom and would prefer not to empower the state any further. Many abhor the idea of yet another rapacious bureaucracy to justify higher taxation, which will do nothing to the rich who have clever accountants and the aforementioned Netjets to flee in. Our economy is basically centrally planned by greedy idiots enabled by the vassel class and the people are sick of it. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 9, 2017 at 2:10 am Reforming the tax system was a nice simple Overton-window friendly way of making my point. I agree that the rich and their mandarins would simply game the net jets tax, and we’d end up creating a whole new bureaucracy just to enforce the darn thing. My ‘brass tacks’ solution to dealing with the net jets crowd isn’t really suitable for publication here on NC, and I’ll leave it at that. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 8, 2017 at 4:35 pm RE: Pig Bank Thanks for posting this story! Reading the daily links and water cooler can get depressing at times. Reading stories like that gives me hope for our impending post-imperial future. Reply ↓ LT May 8, 2017 at 4:49 pm Re: NY Times…subsidizing healthcare Like sports related injuries? Many that have effects later in life for even non-professionals? Reply ↓ anon May 8, 2017 at 5:33 pm Re Spiva: pt one free speech and association. pt two, there are no state interests in the ‘primaries’ of private clubs and the state only has an interest once the candidate is selected for the ‘general’….. seems consistent with Spiva’s position. Reply ↓ 3.14e-9 May 8, 2017 at 5:37 pm Re: Trump Hotel > Key fact buried in the story: The building was once a United States Post Office, so this is not only a uglification story, it’s a privatization story. That is, a neoliberalism story. (Democrat Diane Feinstein’s squillionaire husband, Richard Bloom, is in the same racket.) The Trump Organization isn’t the first private company to lease the Old Post Office from the federal government, which in any case has always owned the land. The Old Post Office actually was going to be torn down in the 1970s, but it ended up being redeveloped in the 1980s as part of a revitalization project to do something with Pennsylvania Avenue, which at the time was one big, ugly construction/demolition site, unsafe to walk through at night. The restoration of the old Willard Hotel also was part of that plan. I was interning with The Associated Press when the PO reopened as the Old Post Office Pavilion, a mix of retail and office space developed by Hill Partners, which specialized in shopping malls. Although the pre-opening press event included free food – a surefire way to attract reporters and get good coverage – it was after normal work hours, and anyway, it was just a fluff piece, so the assignment went to the intern. The only thing I remember is the example the food court chef used to demonstrate how to visually appeal to customers: always make sure, she said, that strawberries are displayed with the tips pointing up. When I read that Trump took it over, I wondered what happened to the Old PO Pavilion, but didn’t bother to look it up until now. Apparently, the developer was losing money and ended the contract. GSA tried to get someone else to take it over, but there were so many restrictions on development due to the building being on the Historic Register that few would touch it. To get the contract, Trump had to agree to several provisions, including maintaining access to the tower for Park Service tours. Ironically, the building is right next door the national headquarters of the IRS. Speaking of which … As far as I can tell, the enterprise of the Feinstein-Blooms is something else altogether, although it does indeed appear to be a racket. I always wondered what the USPS was doing building all those new buildings, when the old ones were perfectly serviceable. Reply ↓ Optimader May 8, 2017 at 5:53 pm Craazyboy–I feel zero guilt about being an “old white male professional” … Muddy Waters was my neighbor and he accepted me for these “flaws”, so that counts for something, right? Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 6:06 pm Muddy!!! He be my Grandpappy! I been to the prof white blues bars on the near north side and did seen Muddy and Koko Taylor do the Wang Dang Doodle a bunch of times! Even a John Travolta Disco Bump version that had everyone busting a gut. Been to Eddie Shaw’s Place down in de soud si too. That be scaryier, but fun once we got settled in. Hubert Sumlin invited us to play. Said the last white folk he’d seen be the Rolling Stones. Said he had to show Keith the right way to play guitar. Keith done learned good! Goodtimes. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 6:55 pm Guitar lesson! Honky Tonk Women https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_1AAs7bAvmU Reply ↓ Optimader May 8, 2017 at 8:38 pm Good stuff CB– Take the time to watch this, an outake from a (great) dvd of an evening at Buddy Guy’s Checkerboard lounge. Fantastic grit. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3Or7huOK7o&app=desktop Muddy Waters & The Rolling Stones – Baby Please Don’t Go – Live At Checkerboard Lounge This is when i knew him, freshly minted out of college and none of us had two nickels to rub together – late nights and cheap beer -the blues and punk scene in Chicago. Great times What blows me away is how long ago it was! Probably the majority of posters here weren’t even born yet https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Checkerboard_Lounge Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 8:57 pm Wow! The Stones traveled with eye candy! That be ’75 and ’76 ! Then at bar closing, over to Greek Town for gyros at the Parthenon. Or just about anywhere for Chicago Deep Dish Pizza. About $20 for 5Lbs – mostly real cheese! Then, finally sneak your way past Cabrini-Green and slowly make your way back to the NW suburbs. Reply ↓ Optimader May 8, 2017 at 9:54 pm Cabrini-Green ag night was like drjving through Beruit http://www.chibarproject.com/Memoriam/O'Banion's/O'Banion's.htm Reply ↓ Optimader May 8, 2017 at 9:56 pm Cabrini-Green at night was like driving through Beirut. Stop signs were a mere formality. http://www.chibarproject.com/Memoriam/O'Banion's/O'Banion's.htm One of my favorite haunts Reply ↓ craazyboy May 8, 2017 at 11:34 pm Main stomping ground here too. Clark St. was like a open air party back then – and the hotties came out in summertime! Hot pants and halter tops everywhere. Like visiting The House of the Rising Son! Ya, Cabrini-Green was a bummer. I have a theory that cigars are a gateway drug to guns. All being a testosterone thing, dontcha know. I’m sure Obama knew this too and that explains why he is adamant about charging smokers 50% more for OCare. They’ll just transition to guns and premiums go up even more! Some people claim ammo cartridges aren’t guns, then try and make a similar silly argument for penises. But why do they always make things so complicated?? Whenever I mull around this line of thinking, I just decide to run all the stop signs, too! Reply ↓ ChiGal in Carolina May 9, 2017 at 1:51 am Thanks for the blast from the past, I remember the place well, guy wearing a fedora at the door greeting everyone at the door, dis da place – but that’s the real Checkerboard Lounge, on 43rd St in the ‘hood. Nothing to do with the cleaned up South Loop club opened up years after the original closed by Buddy Guy. Was lucky enough to see Muddy back in the day, and Sunnyland Slim had a gig every Saturday night at the Cornell on 53rd, no cover. Those were the days… Reply ↓ Optimader May 8, 2017 at 5:56 pm I dearly wish some developer would come up with a clever plan for the Chicago Post Office Building https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Old_Chicago_Main_Post_Office (Sorry for the odd repost) Reply ↓ 3.14e-9 May 8, 2017 at 6:58 pm Not odd to me, Optimader. In fact, there are some parallels with the Old Post Office in Washington, which was finished in 1899 and used as a PO for only 15 years. It took almost 70 years before it got a makeover, and even then, it didn’t work out. It seems to have been doomed from the very beginning, both for its ugliness — it was called “a cross between a cathedral and a cotton mill — and its hi-tech (for the time) features gone wrong. The first postmaster died after falling 90 feet into an open elevator shaft. At least the Chicago building isn’t being overrun by Russians. Clever, that Bloomberg writer, to find so many ways to work in references to Russia. Reply ↓ ewmayer May 8, 2017 at 6:01 pm Re. Trade: “Economists have started modeling” — am I the only one here who thinks those four words, thusly arranged, may well be the most dangerous in the English lexicon? Though “America is already great” is right up there, too. [Joy Reid’s “We need a global conversation” a few column-inches further down is surely on the short list for the 5-word version of the Most Dangerous list.] Reply ↓ LT May 8, 2017 at 6:36 pm On France’s election: They should have voted Melanchon. 1) The hissy fit from the establishment would have really revealed a lot 2) When he backtracked on his platform, they could have said: “You really got me there. Didn’t see that coming.” At least get screwed in a new way. Reply ↓ Massinissa May 8, 2017 at 8:17 pm Melenchon couldn’t get in the 2nd round because the so-called ‘Socialist’ center left Benoit Hamon wouldn’t drop out of the damn race even though he was in fifth place. Pretty sure Hamon only stayed in the race because he knew he could stop the anti-establishment Melenchon from facing Macron in the second round. Melenchon might not have been able to beat Macron either, but I bet it would have been closer than the landslide he won against Le Pen. Reply ↓ Murph May 8, 2017 at 7:39 pm Since there’s some MMT discussion today I thought I’d take the opportunity to ask about something that has bugged me for a while. Can anyone explain or link to something explaining bank credit creation in relation the the sectoral balances? I’m realizing I do not have a handle on that at all. Do the newly created deposits show up in the private sector balance, ultimately flowing into p.s. savings and leaking to foreign sector/Tax payments? Does private credit creation even have a place in the sectoral balances framework, or am I confusing stocks and flows here? Any insight would be very much appreciated! Reply ↓ Mel May 8, 2017 at 9:36 pm I’m still puzzling this out; my guess is that borrowed money is totally versatile, and until the borrower does something with it, it doesn’t belong to any sectoral balance at all. If they pay taxes with it, it increases T. If they buy imported goods, it increases M. If they just spend it locally, as they often do, it increases C, and that drops out of the sectoral balances equation altogether. Take this with a grain of salt. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 9, 2017 at 12:15 am Now that everything is collateral, flow never stops until it’s captured in a coffee can, butterfly net, or tax haven. Seriously. Reply ↓ LT May 8, 2017 at 8:51 pm Re: Medium…Integrity: Dividing the left Things the Democratic Party true believers refuse to understand: 1) The oligarchs aren’t going to let their politician servants impeach and embarras another oligarch. It would hurt their image and their desire to see the country continue worshipping oligarchs and wealth 2) The Russiophobia is one of the best distractions they have going while the grand theft continues 3) The Democratic Party is using it as a fundraiser 4) The faux left thinks it’s a good enough trick to roll it out internationally Reply ↓ different clue May 8, 2017 at 9:02 pm I scanned that list of possible PrezRunners for the DemParty side. Some of them, if nominated, would make me vote for Trump all over again. Trump v. Biden? McCaulliffe? Zuckerberg? Booker? Cuomo? Some other names I can’t remember this far downthread? Trump all the way. Reply ↓ Altandmain May 8, 2017 at 9:14 pm From Consortium News. Democratic Establishment types blaming everyone else for Trump: https://consortiumnews.com/2017/05/08/dems-still-blaming-others-for-trump I think that blaming themselves would expose the insanity of their politics and their real string pullers, the rich. Also from Consortium News : https://consortiumnews.com/2017/05/03/hillary-clinton-blame-shifts-her-defeat/ Yep, their take on Clinton’s loss in line with NCers. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 8, 2017 at 9:33 pm Re Kos: All those redundant, repetitive slams and takedowns ( love the wrestling allusions) of Kos and dkos. And Hillary. Our pejorative is miles better than theirs, I guess. How about a few words of longing for the America I grew up in, learned to love and enlisted to go fight for? Captured, in its essential, quintessential essence, in this bit of YouTube-ery: https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=k-_i2I3lpF4 I laugh, that I shall not weep… Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments Yves Smith on Hoisted from E-Mail: Puzzling Out the UK’s Shambolic Approach to BrexitI'm late to the plot of UK politics,... witters on 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/8/2017Is it exhibitionism? jrs on 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/8/2017yea I hear you, if you follow the... visitor on Hoisted from E-Mail: Puzzling Out the UK’s Shambolic Approach to BrexitRight after the brexit plebiscite, a controversy erupted... Daryl on 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/8/2017She won the popular vote with record low... Topics Africa (20) Australia (129) Auto industry (95) Banana republic (3,048) Banking industry (4,658) Brexit (54) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (571) Commodities (459) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,631) Curiousities (273) Currencies (908) Derivatives (689) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,485) Dubious statistics (584) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,787) Energy markets (511) Environment (462) Europe (628) Federal Reserve (1,269) Free markets and their discontents (1,435) Garrulous insolence (67) Global warming (333) Globalization (1,109) Guest Post (6,590) Health care (396) Hedge funds (418) Income disparity (981) India (18) Infrastructure (80) Investment banks (745) Investment management (503) Investment outlook (854) Japan (204) Legal (1,911) Links (3,076) Macroeconomic policy (979) Market inefficiencies (231) Media appearances (74) Media watch (875) Middle East (149) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (292) OCC (12) Payment system (48) Permaculture (33) Politics (5,076) Private equity (517) Privatization (70) Real estate (1,528) Regulations and regulators (3,606) Ridiculously obvious scams (458) Risk and risk management (720) Russia (240) Science and the scientific method (196) Social policy (1,028) Social values (1,799) Species loss (53) Student loans (53) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (123) Taxes (387) Technology and innovation (463) The destruction of the middle class (1,369) The dismal science (1,467) TPP (84) UK (120) Water Cooler (669) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Sports News Entertainment Opinion 74° Full Menu 74° Customer Service Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ Advertise Place Classified Ad Display Advertising Stay Connected Mobile Facebook Twitter E-mail RSS Feeds My Subscription Activate Digital Subscription Manage Account E-Edition Newsletters News News Local Crime Weather Education Marijuana California Nation/World Databases Special Reports Obituaries Death Notices Blogs Political Notebook Sports Sports High Schools Outdoors Grizzlies MLB MLB Scores & Stats NBA NBA Scores & Stats NFL NFL Scores & Stats College Columnists Andy Boogaard Marek Warszawski David White Politics Politics Elections Voter Guide Fresno State Bulldogs Fresno State Bulldogs Football Basketball Entertainment Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie Times Music TV Theater & Arts Comics Puzzles & Games Dine Out Peoples Choice Blogs & Columnists Beehive Rory Appleton Rick Bentley Donald Munro Joshua Tehee Living Living Food & Drink Calendar Religion Horoscopes Blogs & Columnists Beehive Brew Buzz Bethany Clough Carmen George Fresno Famous Ask Amy Business Business Agriculture Personal Finance Technology Mortgage Rates Blogs BoNhia Lee Opinion Opinion Editorials Letters Valley Voices Other Opinions SW Parra Submit a Letter Columnists Armen Bacon Victor Davis Hanson David "Mas" Masumoto Bill McEwen Obituaries Today's Obituaries Place an Obituary CV Magazine Shopping Local Deals Today's Hot Deal Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Special Sections Classifieds Classifieds Auctions/Estate Sales Garage Sales Real Estate New Homes Map Jobs Automotive Merchandise Pets Legal Notices Service Directory Place An Ad Classified Open House Weekend Real Estate Marketplace Jobs Jobs Fresno Bee Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Search Real Estate New Homes Map Real Estate Showcase Shopping Funeral services for Austin Wagenleitner will be held at 11 a.m. Tuesday at New Harvest Church. Wagenleitner, 20, died last week in a car crash on Highway 168, about 40 miles east of Fresno. Courtesy Wagenleitner family Local May 08, 2017 8:09 PM He was just 20, the oldest of six siblings, and his funeral is Tuesday By Bryant-Jon Anteola bjanteola@fresnobee.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Austin William Wagenleitner, one of two men who died in a car crash along the foothills of Highway 168 last week, will have his funeral service held at 11 a.m. Tuesday at New Harvest Church. Mr. Wagenleitner was 20 years old. As the oldest of six children, Mr. Wagenleitner was a big brother, a farmer and enjoyed hobbies, such as making beats and wood-working, as well as visiting the mountains and beach. He was a proud big brother who often boasted about his siblings. Candice Wagenleitner, the mother of Austin Wagenleitner, posted on her Facebook wall “He was a proud big brother who often boasted about his siblings,” mother Candice Wagenleitner posted on her Facebook wall. “He worked for his grandfather farming raisins and was just hired by Walmart to work as an associate in their hardware department. “He attended New Harvest Church with his family and participated in the college group at Northside Christian Church. He was loved by many and will be greatly missed.” Meanwhile, a gofundme.com page has been created in honor of Aaron Beasley, who also died in the car crash, to help raise money for his family. As of Monday evening, the page had received $5,950 with a goal of $15,000. $15,000 The goal on the gofundme.com page that honors Aaron Beasley Mr. Beasley was 19. He had been working at J&S Pools the past few months, enjoyed racing dune buggies and visiting Pismo Beach. “His heart was felt by everyone he spent time with,” mother Sarah Young Beasley wrote in a family statement. “He loved his family, friends and the great outdoors. His loving heart, contagious smile and big blue eyes will be missed by all.” On May 1, the car that carried Mr. Wagenleitner and Mr. Beasley, as well as survivor Jason Kirby, somehow landed down a steep, rocky embankment near the four-lane highway about a mile west of Beal Fire Road, between Auberry and Shaver Lake.   The men left Clovis about 9:30 p.m. Monday night. The crash is believed to have occurred about 11 p.m. The crash remains under investigation by the Fresno County Sheriff’s Office. Bryant-Jon Anteola: (559) 441-6362, @Banteola_TheBee Remembering Austin Wagenleitner FAREWELL FUNERAL SERVICE Info: 11 a.m. Tuesday at New Harvest Church Age: Mr. Wagenleitner was 20 years old A gofundme.com page has been set up in honor of Aaron Beasley to help his family. Beasley, 19, died May 1, 2017, in a car crash about 40 miles east of Fresno on Highway 168. Courtesy Beasley family LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 hours ago Crews clear snow from Tioga Pass 1:23 4 hours ago Crews clear snow from Tioga Pass 2:11 8 hours ago What happens in a rape kit exam? 1:39 6 hours ago Watch Plain White T's stop by Hanford View More Video Local Highway 41 reopened near Road 200 after man dies in fatal wreck Chandra Levy’s mom still seeks justice; man once charged in murder is deported Evidence from hundreds of rape survivors’ bodies sat in a Fresno police freezer for years Crash on Highway 99 near Highway 152 backs up traffic Military policeman lured girls into sending child porn pics Local Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery e-Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile Options Mobile Alerts Newsletters RSS Advertising Advertising with the Bee Place Classified Ads Classified Ad Help Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
WSOC Charlotte LIVE http://www.wsoctv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WSOC Charlotte SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wsoc profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12388525 Home 12388579 News National & World News Report Breaking News WSOC-TV apps Recalls Taxes Vote Live 12388531 Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Video Sign Up! Closing Alerts Viewer Weather Pics Current Closings Report Closings Closings Instructions WSOC-TV Weather Apps 12388633 Traffic NC Traffic Cameras SC Traffic Cameras Gas Prices Flight Tracker 12388669 Sports Big 22 Charlotte Hornets NASCAR HSFB Scoreboard High School Football Carolina Panthers 12388795 9 Investigates Action 9 Whistleblower 9 Chopper 9 Skyzoom 12388717 Video WSOC-TV Live Live Breaking News 187156215 9 Food Drive Family Focus 9 School Tools Books for Kids Black Heritage 12388819 Entertainment GoCarolinas Contests 12388873 More About Us Contact Us TV64 Toyota of North Charlotte The Daily Two Advertise With Us Closed Captioning What's On Channel 9 What's On TV64 Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Meet The Staff Talent Request Form More Target testing a restocking program for household essentials by: ANNE D\'INNOCENZIO, AP Retail Writer Updated: May 8, 2017 - 5:12 PM Twtter NEW YORK (AP) - Target is testing a program that lets customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry, and comes as Target is trying to enhance its online services to better compete with Wal-Mart and online leader Amazon. Target Restock, announced on the company's blog Monday, is limited for now to some employees at the company's headquarters in Minneapolis. Target says it plans to pilot the service in the same area this summer to shoppers in its REDcard loyalty program. The program will include more than 8,000 items including nonperishable food like granola bars and coffee. Shoppers will be able to fill a box with up to 45 pounds of goods and have the orders shipped for what Target called "a low flat fee." Spokesman Eddie Baeb says the company doesn't have a fee set but intends to be "very competitive" with similar offerings. Amazon Pantry charges a $5.99 a box and the shipping is not expedited. Target Restock boxes will be packaged at a nearby store, allowing Target workers to fulfill orders before 1:30 p.m. by the next business day. Baeb said there are no current plans for a nationwide rollout, and any expansion depends on the performance of the service. "There are lots of logistics we want to figure out," he said. Meanwhile, Target quietly raised its threshold for free shipping to $35 from $25 on Sunday, matching Wal-Mart's current level. Target had lowered it to $25 from $50 in 2015. In late January, Wal-Mart lowered its limit to $35 from $50, and Amazon then lowered its free two-day shipping threshold to $35 from $49 for non-Prime members. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Target testing a restocking program for household essentials Colorado GOP blocks nation's 1st well-mapping requirement Back on TV, Kimmel zings critics of his health care plea NBC announces its first new sitcom for 2017-18 TV season White House climate change meeting postponed News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WSOC-TV Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WSOC - TV What's on WSOC - TV Closed Captioning WSOC - TV EEOC Statement WSOC - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WSOC - TV Public File WAXN - TV EEOC Statement WAXN - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WAXN - TV Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Walt Disney Co - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Walt Disney Co with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Very Likely to Impact Crocs (CROX) Stock Price Somewhat Positive Press Coverage Somewhat Unlikely to Affect Carpenter Technology (CRS) Stock Price Somewhat Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact E I Du Pont De Nemours And (DD) Share Price Walt Disney (DIS) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds Positive News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Deutsche Bank AG (DB) Stock Price Asset Management Advisors LLC Boosts Stake in Discovery Communications Inc. (DISCK) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $24.723 Million Stake in Portola Pharmaceuticals Inc (PTLA) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Raises Stake in athenahealth, Inc (ATHN) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $26.123 Million Position in TIM Participacoes SA (TSU) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Has $27.215 Million Stake in Bunge Ltd (BG) Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Maintains Position in Bright Horizons Family Solutions Inc (BFAM) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Buys 112,062 Shares of Solaredge Technologies Inc (SEDG) TESARO Inc (TSRO) Position Cut by Handelsbanken Fonder AB Handelsbanken Fonder AB Purchases 21,496 Shares of First Solar, Inc. (FSLR) Xact Kapitalforvaltning AB Continues to Hold Position in Aramark (ARMK) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Acquires New Position in Weibo Corp (WB) Fibria Celulose SA (FBR) Stake Cut by Pictet Asset Management Ltd. Handelsbanken Fonder AB Purchases New Position in Wynn Resorts, Limited (WYNN) Handelsbanken Fonder AB Takes Position in Momo Inc (MOMO) Wayfair Inc (W) Insider Sells $73,125.00 in Stock Walt Disney (DIS) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) has trended somewhat positive on Monday, Alpha One Sentiment reports. The research group, a division of Accern, identifies negative and positive press coverage by analyzing more than twenty million news and blog sources. Alpha One ranks coverage of publicly-traded companies on a scale of -1 to 1, with scores closest to one being the most favorable. Walt Disney earned a news impact score of 0.22 on Alpha One’s scale. Alpha One also gave media headlines about the entertainment giant an impact score of 15 out of 100, indicating that recent press coverage is very unlikely to have an effect on the company’s share price in the near future. These are some of the news stories that may have effected AlphaOne Sentiment Analysis’s scoring: Walt Disney’s (DIS) “Neutral” Rating Reaffirmed at Rosenblatt Securities (americanbankingnews.com) Vive La France: Election Out Of The Way, Focus Returns To Earnings And Data – Benzinga (benzinga.com) Earnings Preview: NVDA Reports First-Quarter Results Tomorrow – Benzinga (benzinga.com) EOD Risers: Verizon Communications Inc., Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Walt Disney Co – DirectorsTalk Interviews (directorstalkinterviews.com) Disney – Trade It! – Seeking Alpha (seekingalpha.com) Walt Disney (NYSE:DIS) traded down 0.51% during midday trading on Monday, reaching $111.42. 5,980,139 shares of the company’s stock were exchanged. Walt Disney has a 12-month low of $90.32 and a 12-month high of $116.10. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $113.23 and a 200 day moving average price of $106.30. The company has a market cap of $176.18 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 20.11 and a beta of 1.25. A number of analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Rosenblatt Securities reaffirmed a “neutral” rating and set a $125.00 price target (up previously from $120.00) on shares of Walt Disney in a report on Monday. Goldman Sachs Group Inc reaffirmed a “conviction-buy” rating and set a $138.00 price target on shares of Walt Disney in a report on Wednesday, April 26th. Needham & Company LLC reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Walt Disney in a report on Tuesday, April 25th. Loop Capital downgraded shares of Walt Disney from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and cut their price target for the stock from $115.00 to $114.44 in a report on Monday, April 24th. Finally, Pivotal Research reaffirmed a “sell” rating and set a $85.00 price target on shares of Walt Disney in a report on Sunday, April 23rd. Five analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eleven have given a hold rating, eighteen have assigned a buy rating and one has given a strong buy rating to the company’s stock. The company has an average rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $116.58. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Walt Disney (DIS) Receiving Somewhat Positive Press Coverage, Report Finds” was originally reported by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another site, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international copyright law. The legal version of this news story can be viewed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/walt-disney-dis-receiving-somewhat-positive-press-coverage-report-finds.html. In other news, EVP Brent Woodford sold 2,000 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, April 18th. The shares were sold at an average price of $114.50, for a total value of $229,000.00. Following the sale, the executive vice president now directly owns 27,745 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $3,176,802.50. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which can be accessed through this link. 13.00% of the stock is owned by corporate insiders. About Walt Disney The Walt Disney Company is an entertainment company. The Company operates in four business segments: Media Networks, Parks and Resorts, Studio Entertainment, and Consumer Products & Interactive Media. The media networks segment includes cable and broadcast television networks, television production and distribution operations, domestic television stations, and radio networks and stations. Receive News & Ratings for Walt Disney Co Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Walt Disney Co and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
WFTV Orlando LIVE http://www.wftv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WFTV Orlando SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wftv profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12384721 Home 12384770 News County by County National/World News 9 Investigates Action 9 CFL Spotlight Politics Watch Live Pulse Shooting 12384727 Weather 5 Day Forecast LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Local Maps Hour-by-Hour Facts and Hacks Lifestyle Forecasts 12384812 Traffic Traffic News I-4 Ultimate Project Pump Patrol 12384830 Sports High School Football Orlando Magic Orlando City Soccer College & Pro Sports 12384884 Videos 12384962 9 Family TV 27 Community Connection Science Center Weather Experience Cox Conserves Aging Parents 12385010 Home Experts Toyota of Orlando Toyota of Clermont Shop CFL Legal Headlines The Daily Two Automotive Buy/Sell 12384974 icFlorida Local Events Entertainment Movies Pets Theme Parks/Attractions Contests 12385052 ABOUT WFTV WFTV News Team WFTV Mobile Apps WFTV Listings TV 27 TV Listings WFTV.com Media Kit WFTV.com Member Help Jobs at WFTV/WRDQ More New evidence released in Markeith Loyd homicide cases by: Cuthbert Langley Updated: May 8, 2017 - 7:24 PM Twtter ORLANDO, Fla. - A new set of audio recordings, documents and photos connected to the homicide charges pending against Markeith Loyd were released in Orlando Monday. Loyd is accused of shooting and killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December and Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton in January after she confronted him outside a Pine Hills-area Walmart. Related Headlines Markeith Loyd 3 inches from Lt. Clayton before fatal shot, witness says… Documents: ‘I'm a good guy,' accused cop killer Markeith Loyd told… Photos: Evidence found by investigators during Markeith Loyd murder case During the shooting incident involving Loyd’s ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, her brother, Ronald Stewart was also injured. In an interview with investigators while he was still recovering in the hospital, Stewart said he tried to calm down Dixon and Loyd while they were arguing. “I saw him pull the gun out,” Stewart said. “He cocked it (then) ‘Pow!’ Now, the only think I know from that feeling is that I just clinched up cause I feel like he hit me in the stomach.” Stewart said he heard several more shots before it was over. “I tried to maneuver my body so that he doesn’t hit my heart,” he said. “And I just laid in silence from there.” “Next thing I heard, ‘My baby on the ground. My baby,’” Stewart said. “That was my mom.” Loyd is accused of going on the run after the Dixon shooting. In one home he allegedly used to hide out, investigators found the bare necessities, including bottled water in the closet, a flashlight on the floor on top of a blanket where Loyd apparently slept, and a 10-page letter. In the letter, Loyd describes what he says are lies about how situation leading up to Dixon’s shooting death. Saying, ‘The real story isn’t being told,’ Loyd claims in the letter that if police “wasn’t lying form the jump, I would have turned myself in.” Loyd ends the letter apologizing to his ex-girlfriend. “Sorry Sade Dixon and my unborn child,” the letter says. “Love ya’ll with my life and wish we could take it all back.” Loyd is scheduled to appear in court for a hearing on May 31. He is facing a myriad of charges, including two counts of first-degree murder, attempted first-degree murder, carjacking and numerous others. JUST IN:New pics showing where Markeith Loyd was hiding & where some of his clothes were found after Lt. Clayton's death. More on #WFTVatSix pic.twitter.com/n8rEi4Tl8v — Cuthbert Langley (@CLangleyWFTV) May 8, 2017 © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter New evidence released in Markeith Loyd homicide cases 9 Investigates lack of legislation to regulate legal explosives in Florida Ormond Beach residents concerned about multiple sex offenders living in… Man arrested on charges of burglarizing occupied homes in Osceola County Corrine Brown Trial: Deliberations to continue Tuesday News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WFTV Weather Weather LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WFTV EEOC Statement WFTV Public File WRDQ Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
SECTIONS Welcome Log in Subscribe Support Logout ← BACK TO ARTICLE LOG IN LOG OUT 40° Mostly cloudy High: 53° | Low: 38° Ten Day Forecast Home News More in News Local & State Nation & World Cops & Courts Lost: A special report Schools & Education Community News The Maine Forecast Politics More in Politics Gov. LePage President Trump Business More in Business Business Breakfast On the Job Portfolio People on the Move Sports More in Sports High School Sports Varsity Maine Awards New England Patriots Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox Outdoors Opinion More in Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Bill Nemitz Greg Kesich Maine Voices Live Food More in Food Restaurant reviews Eat & Run Recipes Cookbook Reviews Source More in Source Green Plate Special Maine Gardener Meet Sea Change Source Awards Lifestyle More in Lifestyle Things to Do MaineToday Magazine Arts & Entertainment Books Society Notebook Religion and Values Crossword Sudoku MaineToday.com Real Estate More in Real Estate Featured Home Home of the Week Design Open Houses Obituaries Auto More in Auto New Cars Used Cars Jobs Open Sign in or Subscribe. See Offers Business Posted Yesterday at 7:43 PM increase font size Target tests program for restocking household essentials The pilot program will let customers order items and have them delivered to their homes the next day. Associated Press Share Comment Read Article NEW YORK — Target is testing a program that lets customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry, and comes as Target is trying to enhance its online services to better compete with Wal-Mart and online leader Amazon. Target Restock, announced on the company’s blog, is limited for now to employees at the company’s headquarters in Minneapolis. Target says it plans to pilot the service in the same area this summer to shoppers in its REDcard loyalty program. The program will include more than 8,000 items, including nonperishable food like granola bars and coffee. Shoppers will be able to fill a box with up to 45 pounds of goods and have the orders shipped for what Target called “a low flat fee.” Spokesman Eddie Baeb said the company doesn’t have a fee set but intends to be “very competitive” with similar offerings. Amazon Pantry charges a $5.99 a box and the shipping is not expedited. Target Restock boxes will be packaged at a nearby store, allowing Target workers to fulfill orders before 1:30 p.m. by the next business day. Baeb said there are no current plans for a nationwide rollout, and any expansion depends on the performance of the service. “There are lots of logistics we want to figure out,” he said. Target quietly raised its threshold for free shipping to $35 from $25 on Sunday, matching Wal-Mart’s current level. Target had lowered it to $25 from $50 in 2015. Share Read or Post Comments Were you interviewed for this story? If so, please fill out our accuracy form Send questions/comments to the editors. Here at MaineToday Media we value our readers and are committed to growing our community by encouraging you to add to the discussion. To ensure conscientious dialogue we have implemented a strict no-bullying policy. To participate, you must follow our Terms of Use. Click here to flag and report a comment that violates our terms of use. More Like This Business Regulators take steps to protect New England herring fishery Business Company apologizes for linking Jared Kushner to investor pitch Business Target tests program for restocking household essentials Nation & World Spare a dime? Puerto Rico seeks change to aid university Recent Read Shared Major league roundup: Gausman sharp as Orioles beat Nationals NHL playoffs: Capitals force seventh game Monday's girls' roundup: Falmouth stays unbeaten with last-second win Monday's boys' roundup: Ryan Twitchell pitches perfect game for Greely Softball: Scarborough beats Gorham to improve to 7-0 Navy SEAL killed in Somalia was Falmouth native Millinocket man dies in kayak accident near Baxter State Park Feature obituary: Darren Cook, devoted son, brother and father, dies at 45 Windham veteran accused of executing therapy dog, posting video on Facebook, found dead TV weatherman Tom Johnston would have been charged in sexual assault, police say Trapped by heroin: Lobster industry struggles with its deadly secret Southern Maine Transit Tracker seeking feedback on its tracking system Portland chefs Mike Wiley and Andrew Taylor win James Beard Award Bill seeks to restrict Maine towns' efforts to build high-speed internet networks Navy SEAL killed in Somalia was Falmouth native BACK TO TOP CUSTOMER SERVICE My Account Subscriptions Home Delivery Help Digital Subscriptions Reader Services Contact Us Privacy Policy Purchase a Photo CONNECT e-Edition Mobile Email Newsletters Contact Advertising Site Feedback Staff Directory SITE INDEX Full Site Index News Politics Business Lifestyle Opinion Sports Obituaries Video NETWORK About MaineToday Media Work Here Media Kit CentralMaine.com MaineToday.com © 2017 MaineToday Media
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 1, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 1, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018)   ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to maintenance work at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate nightly left lane closures Sunday through Thursday nights the week of May 1.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to bridge and shoulder sweeping in Wythe and Bland counties.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017) Dickenson County Water line projects: Due to water line installation work, motorists may experience delays on the following routes that connect to Route 63 (Big Ridge Road): Route 753 (Centennial Heights Road), Route 818 (Patsy Lane), Route 756 (Travis Stanley Road), Route 795 (Ira Owens Lane) and Route 607 (Tarpon Lane). (Completion: Spring 2017)     Grayson County ***Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge: The Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge will be closed to traffic for repairs on Tuesday (April 25) from 9 a.m. until 2 p.m. The bridge is located .30 mile from Route 732 and 3.7 miles from Route 601. (Completion: April 25)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County ***Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) – bridge replacement: The Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) bridge will be closed Wednesday (May 3) from 8 a.m. until 5 p.m. to replace the bridge. While the bridge is being replaced, motorists will use the following routes to detour: Routes 680, 682, 676 and 671.   Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Routes 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon in the next two weeks, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Due to replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County, the bridge will be closed to through traffic through early May. Motorists should plan alternate routes while replacement is underway. (Completion: early May 2017) Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   ***Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County ***Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation will cause delays on Route 460 in Bluefield Sunday, May 7 between 7 a.m. and 11 a.m. Motorists should be alert to Virginia State Police performing rolling road blocks during the aerial install of the fiber optic lines.   Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) ***Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Washington County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 58 and 677 (Watauga Road) and the intersection of Routes 11 and 58 in Abingdon this week, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Azure Lane improvements: Be alert to heavy equipment and workers along Route 676 (Azure Lane) in Washington County due to efforts to improve a one-mile section on the western end of the route. (Completion: May 2017)     Wise County Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)   Business Route 23 bridge in Pound: Traffic signals are controlling one 11-foot-wide lane across the Business Route 23 bridge in Pound due to replacement of the bridge. Signals are also controlling traffic off Route 633 (Bold Camp Road).  Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to the possibility of delays. (Completion: spring 2018)   Completed Route 672 – bridge replacement: A section of Route 672 (Martin’s Creek Road) in Lee County has reopened following replacement of the bridge over Martin Creek.   Route 687 bridge: Replacement of the superstructure for the Route 687 bridge in Scott County has been completed.        (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious RT. 655 BRIDGE TO CLOSE FOR REHABILITATION APRIL 17 – Use alternate routes during four-week closure of Rappahannock County bridge Next PostNext April 24-30: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts Global Clinical Data Analytics Market is Expected to Reach USD 11,853.6 Million by 2022 Customer Intelligence Market 2017 Bussiness Strategy,Market Overview and Opportunities Research Report to 2020 Otitis Media Pharmaceutical and Healthcare Pipeline Review H2 Global Multiple Sclerosis (MS) Drugs and Companies Pipeline Review H2 2017 Jails in Indian Country, 2015 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Latest Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip Things to Do TV Movies Arts Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Health Biz Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business Investing Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe entertainment For her first new album in 10 years, Patti LaBelle jazzes it up Updated: May 8, 2017 — 3:01 AM EDT Facebook icon 20Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Popular Stories Riley Cooper had one call from an NFL team. They just said no May 8 - 10:54 AM Flyers' rebuilding plan takes a shortcut May 8 - 8:36 PM Yong Kim/STAFF PHOTOGRAPHER Patti LaBelle in her Wynnewood home in 2014. by A.D. Amorosi, FOR THE INQUIRER Close icon A.D. Amorosi For the Inquirer On a humid Saturday night at Memorial Hall’s Please Touch Museum, Temple University Hospital held its 2017 “Acres of Diamonds” gala. The opulent soiree, this year marking the hospital's 125th anniversary, drew a record-breaking 1,100 attendees (including Mayor Kenney) and raised more than $300,000 during an auction that lasted just 30 minutes (to say nothing of its $1 million-plus ticket sales and donations for charity). Though the black-tie evening honored Temple president Richard M. Englert and celebrated all things great about the not-for-profit hospital, the evening’s truest treat was a private concert from one of this city’s own, Patti LaBelle, who had several of her own reveals that night. “My son Zuri was born at Temple Hospital a little over 40 years ago,” LaBelle said from the stage before shouting out a maternity ward doctor's name. “We are grateful for Temple, and we are blessed.” Whether anyone knew ahead of time however, LaBelle had an even bigger -- or decidedly more musical -- reveal when she and her large ensemble went into her smoky new song, “The Jazz in You,” from her first album since Miss Patti’s Christmas 10 years ago. Bel Hommage (due May 5) is her first jazz album in a recording career that started in 1962 with the release of the curious R&B romancer "I Sold My Heart to the Junkman." “I had to work up to this, you know,” LaBelle said from her Wynnewood home before the debut showcase for Bel Hommage. “I’ve been working on and talking about this whole album for 15 years,” she laughed. “The music of jazz, and these songs, was old and welcome to me, even if singing jazz now was new and fresh. Either way, obviously, I wasn’t rushing it.” What LaBelle has done in between talking about and slowly recording Bel Hommage with executive producer Armstead Edwards (her ex-husband and the father of LaBelle’s son-manager Zuri Edwards) is become a culinary world entrepreneur, a superstar in the food game just as she is in music.  She has a deal with Walmart for tasty morsels such as Patti LaBelle Sweet Potato Pie, which quadrupled in sales after a giddy fan’s video went viral in November 2015, prompting LaBelle to come up with other offerings. Along with readying her third season of the Cooking Channel’s Patti LaBelle’s Place, she’s published her fourth cookbook, Desserts LaBelle: Soulful Sweets to Sing About. Her acting career is no slouch, either. After appearing in Ryan Murphy’s American Horror Story: Freak Show with a particularly gory death (“I didn’t think I could bleed so much,” she laughed), she  appeared on fellow Philadelphian and old pal Lee Daniels’ Fox network hip-hop soap opera Empire, with plans for more guest spots. “He’s forever trying to get me into something -- I love him.” Music for LaBelle -- the diva behind rich hit ballads such as “On My Own” and Philly soul smashes such as “If Only You Knew,” to say nothing of the raunchy, pre-disco seducer “Lady Marmalade" -- seemingly took a backseat to her food and business endeavors. Or did it? “Music never takes a backseat to anything with me,” she said with a regal, humorous haughtiness. At the suggestion of her ex-husband (“sure we fought through it -- he’s my ex,” she laughed), LaBelle entered the inner world of jazz, and not as a tourist. She covers three of Nina Simone’s signature songs (a sauntering “Don’t Explain,” a breathlessly nuanced “Wild Is the Wind,” a sassy “Go to Hell”). She was a pal to Simone when the latter lived in Philadelphia. “Nina was a queen, and her songs reflected that. Plus, she used to call me every other week to ask me if I found her a man yet.” When LaBelle covered Dave Frishberg’s coolly comical “Peel Me a Grape,” she says she did it to remind her audience about her other gig. “You think of Patti, you think of good food.” It is, however, the Tony De Vita/Giorgio Calabrese love ballad “Softly as I Leave You,” that finds LaBelle at her most emotionally raw. Bel Hommage is a study of a passionate woman -- happy and sad.  “I was not confident about my voice at that point in my life, feeling real low, and you can hear me crying on that song,” she said. “That’s part of the journey, you know, jazz or otherwise.” Published: May 8, 2017 — 3:01 AM EDT Thanks for your continued support... We recently asked you to support our journalism. The response, in a word, is heartening. You have encouraged us in our mission — to provide quality news and watchdog journalism. Some of you have even followed through with subscriptions, which is especially gratifying. Our role as an independent, fact-based news organization has never been clearer. And our promise to you is that we will always strive to provide indispensable journalism to our community. Subscriptions are available for home delivery of the print edition and for a digital replica viewable on your mobile device or computer. Subscriptions start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in entertainment The Arts Violence, revoution, refugees — museum show about 1917 says we've been here before Entertainment Mother's Day in Philadelphia: Here's how to celebrate Geek Batman v Superman star Jesse Eisenberg to make Wizard World debut in Philly Gibbous Moon: Philly’s alt-super-group is even more super than other super-groups The Curtis Orchestra and the rugged individualism of Peter Serkin CBS3 anchor welcomes new family member Why is ABC's 'Scandal' targeting Philly? NBC picks up show based on Bucks County's 'Drama High' Princess Diana the hunted: As 20th anniversary of death looms, TV can't get enough of her Made in America doesn't have a rock headliner. Is rock and roll dead? Art Museum pairs with billionaire collector to acquire two Bruce Nauman works Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out North LIVE Yellowknife More Streams CBC Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada North 'I was completely in shock': The Sun at Midnight wins juried prize at American film festival Distribution deal will bring international exposure to Northern film By Mike Gibbins, CBC News Posted: May 08, 2017 4:21 PM CT Last Updated: May 08, 2017 4:48 PM CT Meg Ryan and Kirsten Carthew at the 3rd Annual Bentonville Film Festival in Bentonville, Arkansas. (Vivien Killilea/Getty Images for Bentonville Film Festival) Related Stories 7 must-watch movies filmed in Canada's North The Sun at Midnight star 'filled with gratitude' after big win at Whistler film festival 'A real honour': Fort McPherson buzzing with pride over film shot in community A feature film shot entirely in the Northwest Territories picked up another major award at an international festival over the weekend. Kirsten Carthew's The Sun at Midnight won the juried prize for best narrative during the Bentonville Film Festival in Arkansas on Saturday. The award — presented by renowned American actress and director Meg Ryan — also means Carthew will start working with AMC Theatres and Walmart on international distribution agreements. The Sun at Midnight star 'filled with gratitude' after big win at Whistler film festival 'A real honour': Fort McPherson buzzing with pride over film shot in community The Sun at Midnight tells the story of a friendship between a hunter obsessed with finding a missing caribou herd and a 16-year-old girl who is sent to spend the summer with her Gwich'in grandmother. The film was shot in and around Fort McPherson and has played at festivals in Whistler, Beijing and other cities around the world. Carthew on the set of The Sun at Midnight, which she directed, wrote, and produced. (submitted) Not the first award for film The Sun at Midnight has claimed other awards since its debut, including Kawennárhere Devery Jacobs' win for best performance in a Canadian film during the Whistler Film Festival. In an interview with CBC, Carthew said Saturday's win was just as exciting. "I was completely in shock," she said. "I just felt kind of overwhelmed because I really, really wasn't expecting it." "I heard my name get called and I leaned over to the people sitting next to me and said, 'Is that me?'" I just felt kind of overwhelmed because I really, really wasn't expecting it. - Kirsten Carthew Carthew accepted the award on a broken ankle, using crutches to get up on stage. "I felt a little bad for Meg Ryan who had to sort of stand there for, I don't know, seven minutes while I made my way to the stage," she said. "I was hoping that one of the benefits of taking so long to get to the podium would mean that I could come up with something brilliant and articulate. That was not the case." Carthew used her allotted speech time to thank festival organizers and participants, and give the audience a bit of a geography lesson. "I think I did right by Northerners," she told CBC. "I basically used my presentation time to give a geography lesson of where the Northwest Territories is." "One of the reasons I wanted to make the film [in the first place] was because I really love the Northwest Territories." Carthew believes she's developed a level of credibility in the film industry now that The Sun at Midnight has picked up some hardware and is ready to debut in parts of Europe as well. "It feels pretty unique and spectacular to have that connection," she said. "I'm really proud to be from the North and I'm really proud to be able to share this film." Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Gjoa Haven Grise Fiord Resolute Whitehorse Partly Cloudy 7°C Yellowknife Mainly Clear 3°C Inuvik Cloudy -4°C Iqaluit Light Drizzle 1°C Kuujjuaq Cloudy 7°C More Weather Editor's Picks The obsession with hydroponics and indoor growing damages northern food security Gin Peninsula, Beer Island: Meet the Arctic places named for corporations Latest North News Headlines 'I was completely in shock': The Sun at Midnight wins juried prize at American film festival Health Canada surveys drinkers in Yukon and N.W.T. read comments RCMP recover body from Yukon River, then another downstream U.S. affirms commitment to Arctic climate change research 37 abandoned properties in Faro contain asbestos, report finds read comments Must Watch Driving with wolves on an N.W.T highway 0:24 Rhonda Miller came upon these black wolves on her drive to work along Highway 3 outside Yellowknife. Trina Qaqqaq speaks in Parliament on International Women's Day 2:41 Drive the unofficial ice bridge between West Dawson and Dawson City 1:25 Take a ride with the CBC on the ice road over the Yukon River from West Dawson to Dawson City. Inside the HMS Erebus 1:11 Parks Canada underwater archeologists explore the wreck off the coast of Nunavut Top News Headlines Polls point to B.C.'s closest election in more than 20 years Federal government spending tens of thousands at elite private club read comments Man's body found, toddler still missing, after car washed away in Gaspe's Sainte-Anne River Dramatic scenes of flooding in Quebec and beyond Canadians' sacrifices in Operation Medusa threatened by resurgent Taliban Most Viewed RCMP recover body from Yukon River, then another downstream The obsession with hydroponics and indoor growing damages northern food security 'The mountain can't breathe': RCMP radio tower on sacred Nahanni Butte site could be removed Health Canada surveys drinkers in Yukon and N.W.T. Missing Inuk teen from Montreal found safe, mom says Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds AP Target testing a restocking program for household essentials By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer May 8, 2017 Updated 7 hrs ago NEW YORK (AP) — Target is testing a program that lets customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry, and comes as Target is trying to enhance its online services to better compete with Wal-Mart and online leader Amazon. Target Restock, announced on the company's blog Monday, is limited for now to some employees at the company's headquarters in Minneapolis. Target says it plans to pilot the service in the same area this summer to shoppers in its REDcard loyalty program. The program will include more than 8,000 items including nonperishable food like granola bars and coffee. Shoppers will be able to fill a box with up to 45 pounds of goods and have the orders shipped for what Target called "a low flat fee." Spokesman Eddie Baeb says the company doesn't have a fee set but intends to be "very competitive" with similar offerings. Amazon Pantry charges a $5.99 a box and the shipping is not expedited. Target Restock boxes will be packaged at a nearby store, allowing Target workers to fulfill orders before 1:30 p.m. by the next business day. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Baeb said there are no current plans for a nationwide rollout, and any expansion depends on the performance of the service. "There are lots of logistics we want to figure out," he said. Meanwhile, Target quietly raised its threshold for free shipping to $35 from $25 on Sunday, matching Wal-Mart's current level. Target had lowered it to $25 from $50 in 2015. In late January, Wal-Mart lowered its limit to $35 from $50, and Amazon then lowered its free two-day shipping threshold to $35 from $49 for non-Prime members. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Latest in section White House climate change meeting postponed Ohio schools could lose millions in Medicaid cuts Bill would create single-payer health care system With Lacoste, Mont Blanc, socialist Cuba has 1st luxury mall Asian shares mixed as China tightens market oversight More on this topic White House climate change meeting postponed Ohio schools could lose millions in Medicaid cuts Bill would create single-payer health care system With Lacoste, Mont Blanc, socialist Cuba has 1st luxury mall Asian shares mixed as China tightens market oversight Most Popular on nwi.com Rape charges filed after missing NWI teen found Bar linked to Chesterton homicide closes its doors CEO: Strack & Van Til stores still open for business, trying for sale Floating water park coming to Lake Michigan beach Boy swallowed by Mount Baldy doing fine Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents Health and Medicine 41 states where sexually-transmitted infections are on the rise 219 12 highest-paying jobs in arts and entertainment Entertainment Slideshow: Best-selling books Padres hit 3 HRs while Cahill, 'pen hold Rangers in check LA mayor floats idea of aerial tram to Hollywood sign Taylor hits grand slam in first, Dodgers pound Pirates 12-1 Lowrie gives A's 3rd straight walk-off win, 3-2 over Angels Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Edward Jones - Kevin Kaminski 19870 Kedzie Avenue, Flssmoor, IL 60422 Lynn's Bedroom City MERRIVLLVILLE 1862 W 81st Ave, Merrillville, IN 46410 Dream Big Gymnastics 6575 Daniel Burnham Drive Suite E, Portage, IN 46368 Ads SENIOR CARE INSURANCE 7998 BROADWAY, MERRILLVILLE, IN 46410 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Good Guys Collision Affordable towing services call Good Guys Collision Center for all your towing needs. Updated May 4, 2017 Tim's Landscaping Tim's Landscape Services is celebrating 35 years in business! Call the experienced professionals for all your landscaping needs, Call today! Updated May 4, 2017 Stevenson and Fairchild OMS Do you need dental surgery? Stevenson & Fairchild OMS in Merrillville, IN has been providing quality patient care for over 25 years! - (219) 736-1401 Updated May 4, 2017 United Starter & Alternator, LLC Starter, alternator & generator repairs! United Starter & Alternator can help you! Click here or call today: 219-696-9095 Updated May 4, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Target testing a restocking program for household essentials - WBRC FOX6 News - Birmingham, AL Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Seen on WBRC FOX6 News Live Video & Events Download WBRC apps Seen on TV Traffic Tracker Editorials Recipes Delays and Closings News Download the WBRC News app Alabama Headlines National Tuscaloosa News Local Sports News Traffic Tracker Good Day Recipes Recalls Weather Download the WBRC Weather app Delays and Closings Weather Blog FutureCast SkyVision Cameras Zip Code Forecast Traffic Tracker Mickey's Weather Kids How to program a NOAA weather radio First Alert Weather Tour WBRC First Alert Severe Weather Policy WBRC First Alert Storm Tracker, powered by Town & Country Ford iHeartMedia Radio Partners Sports Alabama Auburn UAB Samford JSU Download the Sideline Plus app WBRC FOX6 Sideline Tide and Tigers Today Karle's Korner Alabama Sports Headlines Video Live Video Right This Minute Video Special Features Videos Sports Videos Editorials Videos Good Day Videos Weather Videos Share Photos and Videos Video Requests Good Day Traffic Tracker Contest Entry Page Recipes Business Break Mickey's Weather Kids Pet Pics Magic City Weekend Features On Your Side: Call for Action Road Warrior Heart Gallery Alabama #WBRCandMe Pet Pics Weddings Home and Garden Food Health Money Auto Home/Family Tech TV Watch LIVE Newscasts & Replays Live Video & Events FOX Broadcasting Company Bounce TV Grit TV Absolutely Alabama Right This Minute About Us Meet the Team WBRC FOX6 News Job Opportunities WBRC FOX6 News Internship Program 2016 EEOC Public File Report Target testing a restocking program for household essentials 2017-05-08T22:34:08Z2017-05-08T22:34:08Z By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer NEW YORK (AP) - Target is testing a program that lets customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry, and comes as Target is trying to enhance its online services to better compete with Wal-Mart and online leader Amazon. Target Restock, announced on the company's blog Monday, is limited for now to some employees at the company's headquarters in Minneapolis. Target says it plans to pilot the service in the same area this summer to shoppers in its REDcard loyalty program. The program will include more than 8,000 items including nonperishable food like granola bars and coffee. Shoppers will be able to fill a box with up to 45 pounds of goods and have the orders shipped for what Target called "a low flat fee." Spokesman Eddie Baeb says the company doesn't have a fee set but intends to be "very competitive" with similar offerings. Amazon Pantry charges a $5.99 a box and the shipping is not expedited. Target Restock boxes will be packaged at a nearby store, allowing Target workers to fulfill orders before 1:30 p.m. by the next business day. Baeb said there are no current plans for a nationwide rollout, and any expansion depends on the performance of the service. "There are lots of logistics we want to figure out," he said. Meanwhile, Target quietly raised its threshold for free shipping to $35 from $25 on Sunday, matching Wal-Mart's current level. Target had lowered it to $25 from $50 in 2015. In late January, Wal-Mart lowered its limit to $35 from $50, and Amazon then lowered its free two-day shipping threshold to $35 from $49 for non-Prime members. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. NationalMore>> Colorado GOP blocks nation's 1st well-mapping requirement Colorado GOP blocks nation's 1st well-mapping requirement Posted: Tuesday, May 9 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-09 06:55:30 GMT Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-09 06:55:30 GMT Colorado Republicans have successfully blocked the nation's first requirement that oil and gas producers to provide the locations of all their gas lines.More >> Colorado Republicans have successfully blocked the nation's first requirement that oil and gas producers to provide the locations of all their gas lines.More >> For over a year, serial killing suspect went undiscovered For over a year, serial killing suspect went undiscovered Posted: Tuesday, May 9 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-09 06:55:17 GMT Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-09 06:55:17 GMT Aaron Juan Saucedo, 23, faces 26 felony counts of homicide, aggravated assault and drive-by-shooting, said Phoenix Police Chief Jeri Williams. (Source: Maricopa County Arizona Sheriff's Office/CNN) Authorities say a suspect has been arrested in series of shooting attacks in Phoenix last year that left at seven people dead and two others wounded over a four-month period last year.More >> Authorities say a suspect has been arrested in series of shooting attacks in Phoenix last year that left at seven people dead and two others wounded over a four-month period last year.More >> Judge to hear arguments on bid to erase Hernandez conviction Judge to hear arguments on bid to erase Hernandez conviction Posted: Tuesday, May 9 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-09 06:55:13 GMT Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-09 06:55:13 GMT A judge is set to hear arguments in a push by lawyers for former NFL star Aaron Hernandez to erase his conviction in a 2013 murder.More >> A judge is set to hear arguments in a push by lawyers for former NFL star Aaron Hernandez to erase his conviction in a 2013 murder.More >> DA: Suspect in doctors' slaying did not shoot at police DA: Suspect in doctors' slaying did not shoot at police Posted: Tuesday, May 9 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-09 06:55:12 GMT Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-09 06:55:12 GMT Police say a man accused of killing two engaged doctors at a luxury Boston condominium building has a criminal history of robbing banks.More >> Police say a man accused of killing two engaged doctors at a luxury Boston condominium building has a criminal history of robbing banks.More >> The Latest: Family of shooting victims: Arrest bittersweet The Latest: Family of shooting victims: Arrest bittersweet Posted: Tuesday, May 9 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-09 06:55:02 GMT Updated: Tuesday, May 9 2017 2:55 AM EDT2017-05-09 06:55:02 GMT Police have identified new victims in a series of shootings in Phoenix that resulted in the arrest of a 23-year-old man.More >> Police have identified new victims in a series of shootings in Phoenix that resulted in the arrest of a 23-year-old man.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1720 Valley View Drive Birmingham, AL 35209 (205) 322-6666 FCC Public File publicfile@wbrc.com (205) 583-4343 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Sunday April 30th, 2017 About Us How to Advertise Staff Archives Contact Us Webmail Menu Home News Business Opinions Women Technology Sports Education Lifestyle Society Entertainment Homes and Gardening Fashion Health OK Where to build Trump's wall? By: Ricardo Hausmann Published: April 30, 2017 Opinions Print Email Facebook Tweet +1 0 comments Ricardo Hausmann More in Opinions The Kenyan election that will be more about the next one Traffic Police, here's a road habit to fight Editorial: Young voters hold the future of their country in their hands What do Huntsville (Alabama), Princeton (Indiana), Georgetown (Kentucky), Blue Springs (Mississippi), San Antonio (Texas), Buffalo (West Virginia), and Greer (South Carolina) have in common? They are the locations where Toyota and BMW built their manufacturing plants in the United States. None is in the US Rust Belt – the tract of industrial towns stretching from Michigan to eastern Pennsylvania – where much of the car industry and its suppliers were traditionally located. Evidently, the US Rust Belt’s decline was not the exclusive doing of China and Mexico. It was also caused by the auto industry’s geographic spread into other regions of the US, out of the clusters in which it had originally been concentrated. And this shift resulted not so much because GM moved its plants, but because it lost market share to Toyota, Nissan, Honda, Hyundai, BMW, and Mercedes-Benz. Of course, pointing this out does not reduce the pain for those affected. But it does change the policy implications – and the lessons from the US example are relevant worldwide. Two approaches have been pursued so far to help communities affected by this phenomenon. The first is embodied in the US Trade Adjustment Assistance (TAA) program, which provides workers affected by international competition with financial support for retraining, job search, relocation, income maintenance, and health insurance. The second approach is to provide trade protection to affected industries, as US President Donald Trump has promised to do. Neither approach is likely to help the Rust Belt. Any economy’s success is very much affected by the performance of that sliver of activities that can sell their output to outsiders. And what is true for countries is also true for states, cities, and towns, provided we redefine what we mean by selling to “outsiders.” These “export” activities have an outsize and amplified impact on the growth of the local economy as a whole. Every geographic area must buy products it does not make and pay for them by selling to outsiders some of the output that it does make. But outsiders have the option of buying from others. So, these “export” activities face a level of competition that the local grocer, coffee shop, or barber does not. Moreover, the income brought into the community by the “exporters” creates a large multiplier effect. When a mine shuts down, the result is not just unemployed miners. The grocer, coffee shop, and barber go out of business, and everybody leaves, turning the place into a ghost town. The disruption can be caused not only by an industrial closure. Once upon a time, there were many relatively small department-store chains and other retailers with headquarters spread throughout the US and outlets in a few towns. These headquarters brought income into their town by providing back-office services to their network of stores. But consolidation in the retail industry, driven in part by Walmart and Amazon, dealt a deathblow to many of these companies. The impact on the local communities where these retailers were headquartered was as devastating as a mine closure: the “export” activity ceased and towns shrank by a multiple of each “export job” lost. Video rentals, bookstore chains, pharmacies, home improvement stores, electronics and camera shops, catalog stores, and more: all went the way of the horse and buggy. At the start of 2017, Walmart had 5,332 stores in the US. It is headquartered in Bentonville, Arkansas, where it employs more than 18,000 workers. Clearly, trade protection does not help if Detroit is competing with Blue Springs, Mississippi. Nor do import tariffs help those left unemployed by the bankruptcy of Blockbuster Video, Borders Books, CompUSA, Circuit City, Payless, or Virgin Megastores. In the meantime, employment at Amazon grew by 47% over the past year, to 341,000 people. But with Amazon employment concentrated in California, Texas, and Washington, the geography of those jobs is very different from that of those it is replacing. As with the geographic relocation of US manufacturing jobs, TAA is not a solution for this kind of ailment. After all, whereas TAA targets individuals directly impacted by foreign competition, much of the competition faced by local economies is not coming from abroad, and many of the jobs being lost are not in the industries directly affected by outside competition, but in the surrounding economy. Facilitating individuals’ relocation does nothing for those left behind in shrinking towns. With industry after industry disrupted by technological change, much of this pain is hard to avoid. But interventions at the individual level must be complemented with assistance at the level of local economies. The goal should be clear: as a town’s “export” industries are disrupted, new “export” activities must take their place, lest the town shrink and become impoverished. This highlights the need for what UK Prime Minister Theresa May has called a Modern Industrial Strategy, aimed at “delivering jobs and economic growth to every community and corner of the country” to “ensure [that] free trade and globalization work for all.” The writer is a former minister of planning of Venezuela and former Chief Economist of the Inter-American Development Bank. Copyright: Project Syndicate Please enable JavaScript to view the Comments powered by Disqus. Comments powered by Disqus Most Popular VIDEO: Spoken word remembers Genocide victims Police arrest 4 suspects in murder of Kicukiro businesswoman Rwanda's memorial sites and the stories they tell Gitwe University wins EAC inter-University debate competition My rasta friends Premier Hailemariam concludes 3-day state visit Youth comprise 60% of electorate - NEC My solution to North Korea Letters Contractors should do their job professionally Higher Education Council to blame for varsity suspensions Seth Kigali landlords need to be more innovative Baingana & Ggwanga Mujje Technology alone won’t fix education challenges Cameo » More Letters © Copyright The New Times Rwanda 2007 - 2017 Privacy Policy Disclaimer Powered by Imaginet
In These Times With liberty and justice for all... RSS Facebook Twitter ▼ POLITICS ACT LOCALLY LABOR CULTURE VIDEO CURRENT ISSUE Contributors SUBSCRIBE DONATE About Us Contact Us Free Newsletters HOME POLITICS CNN’s New Book Is a Master Class in How Not to Cover an Election Keith Ellison and Bernie Sanders: How To Remake the Democratic Party Here’s What’s More Troubling About Rex Tillerson Than His Ties to Putin Tom Geoghegan: 4 Things We the People Can Do About Our Unjust Voting System and a President Trump Trump Can’t Follow Through on His Promises—And Will Need A Scapegoat ACT LOCALLY A Bank Even a Socialist Could Love Russian Dissident Masha Gessen on Why Outrage Is Not Optional MLK Called for a “Radical Revolution of Values.” The Movement for Black Lives Delivers One. What Immigrant Rights Activists Can Learn From the Original Sanctuary Movement How San Francisco Student Activists Made College Free Again LABOR In the Age of Trump, Can Labor Unite? Sorry, Charter Boosters: Record Numbers of Teachers at Chicago Charter Schools Are Organizing Unions Our Cotton Colonies Staughton Lynd Is Building a New World in the Basement of the Old Attacks on Immigrants Are Attacks on Workers CULTURE How To Resist, in 6 Books Hulu’s Brilliant Adaptation of “The Handmaid’s Tale” Says More About Our Present Than Our Future The Elusive Emily Dickinson Our New Philanthropic Overlords To Form a More Corporate Union VIDEO MAGAZINE SUBSCRIBE GIVE A GIFT CURRENT ISSUE ARCHIVES CUSTOMER SERVICE DONATE Tweet Email Print Email this article to a friend your email your name recipient(s) email (comma separated) message captcha Monday, May 8, 2017, 5:38 pm Reviving Manufacturing Would Help All of Us—Not Just White Men BY Liza Featherstone Share TweetReddit0 StumbleUpon1456EmailPrint Email this article to a friend your email your name recipient(s) email (comma separated) message captcha In his crisp, persuasive and deeply reported book, Louis Uchitelle argues that domestic manufacturing is crucial to the welfare of the U.S. working class and that the federal government should intervene decisively to ensure the sector’s health. (ROBYN BECK/AFP/Getty Images)   Manufacturing, once nearly a third of U.S. gross domestic product, has dwindled to around 12 percent, a punch to the gut for the American working class. Indeed, the sufferings of that sector’s former workers—and of those who live in once-thriving factory towns—may be responsible for Donald Trump’s extraordinary and catastrophic victory over Hillary Clinton in November. A billionaire fixing to wage a horrific war on the working class now that he is president—by gutting its healthcare and labor rights—Trump nonetheless seemed to be listening to these forgotten people during his campaign. He went to their towns. He spoke with compassion about opioid addiction. He promised to “Make America Great Again,” a racist slogan, to be sure, but also a seductive one, implying that under Trump, American workers would enjoy the prosperity of bygone manufacturing days. We would make things again and feel proud of ourselves.  It was all bullshit, of course. Trump’s idea of industrial policy is to exaggerate how many jobs in Indianapolis he saved with a phone call and some tweets. Louis Uchitelle, by contrast, is serious about what the issue means for American workers. In his crisp, persuasive and deeply reported book, Making It: Why Manufacturing Still Matters, the veteran journalist argues that domestic manufacturing is crucial to the welfare of the U.S. working class and that the federal government should intervene decisively to ensure the sector’s health. Without manufacturing, the “labor force participation rate” in the United States—people either employed or actively looking for jobs—has declined dramatically since 1998, as millions of laid-off workers have simply dropped out of the workforce. Not only those workers, but many of their children, have been unable to find good jobs. Uchitelle recalls that when he started reporting on the sector in the 1980s, line workers often told him that their children would “do better” than they had, meaning they would make more money. “That did not happen,” Uchitelle writes, “and gradually the expression—and the expectation—have both disappeared.” The liberal punditocracy—because of Trump’s cynical use of the manufacturing issue, as well as its own contempt for workers—has been a font of misinformation on this subject ever since the election. Syndicated columnist Jill Filipovic excoriated an old order in which “white men” without college degrees enjoyed “unearned benefits.” Writing in Slate, Jamelle Bouie claimed that journalists and politicians pay more attention to the woes of manufacturing workers than they should. Why is that? Because, Bouie crows, those workers are “mostly white and mostly male.” Paul Krugman picked up this bit of insight and trumpeted it gleefully in his New York Times column. But these demographic generalities, while crudely true, are breathtakingly beside the point. About a third of manufacturing workers are women, and African-American men are slightly overrepresented in the sector versus their share of the overall workforce. Don’t these workers also matter? When elite pundits gas on in this manner, they ignore many of the Americans most devastated by the loss of factories: black workers in major cities and the black people who live in such cities. Uchitelle’s book convincingly argues that the federal government’s failure to stop jobs from moving, not only from Detroit to China, but from urban neighborhoods to rural areas, is a “civil rights” issue. On this and other points, Uchitelle makes a persuasive case that, contrary to what we are always told, the loss of manufacturing in the United States was never a natural or inevitable phenomenon, but a political one. Governments heavily subsidize this sector, he explains, as they do in all advanced nations that claim manufacturing as a significant share of their economy. We, the taxpayers, already subsidize factories so significantly, Uchitelle argues, that they are partly public institutions. It would be reasonable, then, to insist that they serve the public. We could subsidize, and provide hefty incentives for, operating in cities where unemployment is high, allowing unions and negotiating fair contracts, hiring black workers, and, perhaps most critically, agreeing not to pack up in 10 years and move overseas. As it is, he observes, a patchwork of local subsidies simply pits municipalities against one another, wasting public money in a bidding war to temporarily lure jobs to one small town or suburb over another. The American workers suffering from the loss of manufacturing are not only those left unemployed, but those who find work in much lower paying, non-union sectors, like retail. But since, as Uchitelle argues, much of what made manufacturing great in the past was unions, it’s reasonable to ask: Do workers really need this sector to prosper? Can’t any sector make the working class great again, with enough political might? Can’t workers, through union organizing and living wage policies, win better pay and benefits through the growing service and healthcare sectors? Surely, a daycare worker contributes more to society than a person who makes televisions—and we can all agree that it’s sexist that she isn’t rewarded with the respect and compensation that the latter worker once enjoyed. Former factory workers employed at Walmart have sometimes told me they preferred retail work—less repetitive, more social—but wished it paid better. Factory labor is also hard on workers’ bodies. A middle-aged black Uber driver in Chicago, who’d worked in that city’s factories for years, told me, praising his new gig, “This is better. The wear and tear is all on the car, not on me.” Could Uber drivers and Walmart cashiers ever become part of a prosperous working class like the assembly workers of the past? Of course, the labor left must assume yes, and fight like hell to make it happen. But it’s clear there are structural challenges. Workers organized for decades to make manufacturing work pay. Unions have been trying for years to organize these new sectors, with some successes, but it’s clearly an even steeper climb. As Uchitelle makes clear, part of the reason for this is that factory work is much more “productive” than labor performed in stores, restaurants or taxis, which in economic terms means that it generates far more wealth for the employer. In 2015, profits per employee in the manufacturing industry were more than double those in retail and more than nine times those of the hotel and restaurant industry. That means there is more money that can be expropriated by the workers. Uchitelle also mentions the multiplier effect of manufacturing: Manufacturing creates many other jobs outside factories, including in transport, construction, retail or finance. (Uchitelle’s own father, a textile broker, had such a job). Every dollar generated by the manufacturing industry generates at least $1.48 elsewhere in the economy, more than any other sector. A retail dollar, by contrast, has a broader economic impact of just 54 cents. Uchitelle notes, too, the solidarity of working side-by-side on the assembly line, making things together, as a powerful driver of the union power of the past. Additionally, when workers performing manual labor are so productive and creating so much wealth for the larger economy, as manufacturing workers were 50 years ago, they are more valued and there is broader societal political support for their unions and for compensating them well. Uchitelle ends on a pessimistic note: We need a national industrial policy but are unlikely to get one. Surprisingly, he doesn’t say much about the opportunity we have now (after electing a different federal government, clearly) to reinvigorate the sector along cleaner, greener lines, making things like solar panels, lithium batteries, electric cars and wind turbines. I don’t want to give Trump any policy advice—I just want him to go away—but as economists like Bob Pollin of the University of Massachusetts-Amherst have argued, a “Green New Deal” could create jobs and help address pollution and the climate crisis all at once. While the planet can’t vote, other immediate beneficiaries would include displaced white Trump voters as well as the black and immigrant urban factory workers who have never been part of what might generously be called Trump’s vision. Apart from Uchitelle’s convincing arguments for the economic importance of manufacturing, he also suggests that when we don’t make things we take less pride in ourselves as Americans. Many of us—including this reviewer—feel strongly that it’s a slippery slope from the pro-union “buy American” exhortations of the 1980s to xenophobia and Trumpism. Still, we shouldn’t dismiss the role of physically making things in fostering social cohesion and a culture of respect for the working class. There’s also something healthy about a country in which at least some of the workforce is engaged in building tangible stuff that we can all see. When domestic manufacturing prospers, objects you use every day—the car you drive, the shoes you wear—become propaganda for working-class labor and achievements. And while Uchitelle—a former New York Times reporter—is too respectable to say so, that may be one reason why manufacturing has been central to most large-scale socialist projects. It may also be why Trump won.  Like what you’ve read? Subscribe to In These Times magazine, or make a tax-deductible donation to fund this reporting. Liza Featherstone Liza Featherstone is the author of Selling Women Short: The Landmark Battle for Workers’ Rights at Wal-Mart. More by Liza Featherstone Reviving Manufacturing Would Help All of Us—Not Just White Men Women Strike Against Capital—and To Take Back Feminism Workers Say Trump’s Labor Secretary Nominee Is a Habitual Violator of Labor Law View Comments About this Blog "Working In These Times" is dedicated to providing independent and incisive coverage of the labor movement and the struggles of workers to obtain safe, healthy and just workplaces. more Working In These Times Contributors David Moberg Rose Arrieta David Bacon Kari Lydersen Michelle Chen Stephen Franklin Steve Early Bruce Vail Joe Burns Mario Vasquez Yana Kunichoff Moshe Z. Marvit Rachel Luban Shaun Richman Jeremy Gantz Get the Latest News & Updates Online Form - Working Subscribe now and receive 12 monthly issues for just $20.00—that's 53% off the cover price, or just $1.67 per issue Subscribe Now Recent Working ITT Posts Reviving Manufacturing Would Help All of Us—Not Just White Men What the Big May Day Strike in a Small Pennsylvania City Teaches Us About Organizing Interviews for Resistance: “Money for Our Streets—Not for Wall Street” The GOP Just Got One Step Closer to Taking Away Your Overtime Pay Why Inequality in the Workforce Is Bad for Your Health May Day Protesters Demonstrate in Cities Across the Country in Defiant Show of Force Interviews for Resistance: May Day Isn’t Just About One Day—It’s About a Movement Food Workers Take On Fowl Play at Tyson—And Win Better Conditions When Corporations Don’t Take Precautions To Avert Workplace Deaths, the Answer Must Be Prison This May Day, Don’t Go to Work, Take to the Streets and Strike In These Times ABOUT US NEWSLETTERS/RSS CONTACT US REPRINTS ARCHIVES SUBMISSIONS DONATE LEAVE A LEGACY SPONSORSHIPS ADVERTISE PRESS PRIVACY POLICY SUBSCRIBE GIVE A GIFT INTERNSHIPS/JOBS INVESTIGATIVE INSTITUTE COPYRIGHT ©2016 IN THESE TIMES AND THE INSTITUTE FOR PUBLIC AFFAIRS. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Canada's Largest Grocer Is Planning For Prolonged Food Deflation by Sandrine Rastello, Bloomberg Posted: Monday, May 8, 2017 at 3:11PM EDT There’s no end in sight for Canadian food deflation, according to the country’s largest grocer. Loblaw Cos. is fighting a price war with Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Metro Inc. and other rivals, offering discounts to lure more customers and keep revenue growing. That means there may be little prospect of a pick up in prices that have been dropping since the end of last year, with competition becoming a full-on deflation factor. “While we expect deflation to moderate in the coming quarters, we see no signs of the competitive intensity easing,” Loblaw Chief Executive Officer Galen Weston told analysts on an earnings call Wednesday. “As a result, we do not expect inflation to turn positive in 2017.” To read the rest of the story, please go to: Bloomberg Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2017 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor With This Biotech Play, We're Taking on the "Super Bug" Crisis – and Making Money We’ve been covering the rise of drug-resistant “Super Bugs” since March 2013. Back then, we told you that these hard-to-beat infections were the biggest health threat humankind has faced… Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money D.R. Barton's10 Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy HOME Hot Topics Stocks to Buy "New Fuel" Marijuana Stocks Stocks Under $5 North Korea Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Here's How to Make a Killing Off Kohl's Extinction Message: URL: https://mney.co/2qJVBqc  −  two  =  5 Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Here's How to Make a Killing Off Kohl's Extinction Message: URL: https://mney.co/2qJVBqc 2  ×  1  =  Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Access Your Profit Alerts Twitter Follow topicFollow Shah Gilanione response Investing Ideas Here's How to Make a Killing Off Kohl's Extinction This expert insight from Shah Gilani originally ran in Wall Street Insights & Indictments on May 8, 2017 View Comments Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website 6  +   =  eleven Shah Gilani Seriously, someone please tell Kevin Mansell – Kohl's Corp.'s (NYSE: KSS) triple-threat chairman, president, and chief executive officer – that he's wrong, wrong, wrong. While the rest of the bricks-and-mortar retailers in America are shedding stores as fast as they can (though not fast enough for some of them to beat debt collectors to bankruptcy court), Kohl's triple-threat-to-the-company is actually adding new old-fashioned physical stores to the mid-tier retailer's lineup. Are 1,154 stores in 49 states not enough? Maybe Mansell is trying to pick up some of the stores Macy's is closing… as well as Target, Wal-Mart, and JCPenney. Hey, Kevin, I've got Eddie Lampert on the phone. He says he's got a few hundred Sears and Kmart stores he's looking to unload before Sears Holdings Corp. (Nasdaq: SHLD) declares bankruptcy. How many do you want? In a desperate gambit to heat up Kohl's sales in the retail ice age, to escape what I'm calling an extinction-level event, the company's lead sled dog is dragging the retailer straight off of a cliff. Why is he doing this, and what's going to happen to Kohl's? And, my favorite question, how much can you make off of his chilling move? Here's exactly what you need to know… Kohl's Latest Big Mistakes What's going on at Kohl's, besides a lot of delusion, is that sales are cratering at its physical stores. Sure, the company beat its own knocked-down revenue projections for the fourth quarter of 2016. After guiding analysts' expectations down, such that the consensus for revenue was $6.0 billion, Kohl's trumpeted its beat in the fourth quarter. What was its revenue? A whopping $6.1 billion. Barely. The company wanted to impress anyone listening by saying its revenue was better than expected, thanks in part to progress in online sales. They must have been good, because the so-called "beat" happened in spite of same-store sales declining 2.2% in Q4 (which, of course, included the all-important holiday shopping season). But forget their beat. Revenue was actually down 2.8% versus a year ago. And profits? "Ice cold" would be one way to describe the 15% tumble in quarterly profits. Again, might I remind you, that's during the holiday shopping season. For the full year of 2016, Kohl's net fell almost 17.5%. Yeah. Opening more stores is just what it needs. Despite the cold wind blowing hard across the income statements and balance sheets of ALL America's bricks-and-mortar retailers, Kohl's is proud to announce the opening of nine new "small-format" stores, two "off/aisle" locations, and 12 "FILA" outlets. "Sales results were weak for the quarter in total, driven by declines in brick-and-mortar traffic and offset somewhat by strength in online demand," Kevin Mansell said. Gee, who would have ever figured that? Kevin, pal, note to self: Kohl's same-store comps haven't been up much since 2010. Of your more than 1,000 stores, 300 have between 35,000-55,000 square feet of space. Most of the rest have more than 80,000 to fill with the inventory that you're discounting more and more, while Macy's, JCPenney, Sears, Kmart, and the rest of your peers keep liquidating their inventory out of all the stores they're closing. And if you think the Under Armour Inc. (NYSE: UAA) deal you made to become a leader in the "athleisure" space is going to drive traffic into your stores, think again. Athleisure, the market owned by Nike, Adidas, and Lululemon, isn't working out so well for them right now. Oh, and Under Armour stock? I hope it's not a reflection of the prospects for your coveted deal with them because, Kevin, that would put your deal in the tank along with UAA's sales. It's okay to be hopeful. I understand why you said, "In 2017, we will accelerate our focus on becoming the destination for active and wellness with the launch of Under Armour in early March." Anything that warms your heart in the ice age is good for you. But it will be temporary. How You'll Profit Kohl's stock has taken a beating. There's only one chance it has of popping: If the circulating shorts get squeezed and have to chase the stock above $45, and then somehow fill the huge gap down the stock saw when it dropped from $50 to $40 in no time at all. Can KSS get back to $45, and then fill that gap to get to $50? It could happen, but it has about a snowball's chance in hell. The chances of KSS going much higher from here are a function of the market rallying enough to lift KSS and scare shorts into covering. If that doesn't happen (and I wouldn't count on it), the stock will break below its 200-day moving average of $42.70 – oh, it already has (it's at $39.95). Next, it's going to break below $37, making new lows, and keep falling off that cliff. We own puts on KSS in Zenith Trading Circle, and we're going to make out quite nicely. You can buy puts here, too, or you can short KSS where it is now. If you short KSS here and it manages to rally, short more. If you want to just short KSS here and are afraid a market rally could take the stock to $50, no worries. Buy yourself some cheap $50 calls to hedge, and you'll make money if it pops. But seriously, with Kohl's adding stores in retail's current chilly climate, it's only a matter of time before it makes itself extinct. Must See: What do billionaires Peter Lynch, President Trump, and a retired cop from Northridge have in common? They've all benefited enormously from a curious Great Depression-era "program." And even though most have no idea this exists, it could be worth $68,870 or more to the average American. Continue reading… The post Here's How to Make a Killing off Kohl's Extinction appeared first on Wall Street Insights & Indictments. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… Shah Gilani About the Author Browse Shah's articles | View Shah's research services Shah Gilani is the Event Trading Specialist for Money Map Press. He provides specific trading recommendations in Capital Wave Forecast, where he predicts gigantic "waves" of money forming and shows you how to play them for the biggest gains. In Zenith Trading Circle Shah reveals the worst companies in the markets - right from his coveted Bankruptcy Almanac - and how readers can trade them over and over again for huge gains. He also writes our most talked-about publication, Wall Street Insights & Indictments, where he reveals how Wall Street's high-stakes game is really played. … Read full bio (1) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Charles i Riney | May 8, 2017 E Commerce is going to kill all big box stores before 2020. Reply Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website one  ×   =  3 Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT With This Biotech Play, We're Taking on the "Super Bug" Crisis – and Making Money Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Shah Gilani (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News May 8, 2017 • By Money Morning News Team Leave a Comment The Top 4 IPO Stocks to Watch Today May 8, 2017 • By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News: Markets Flat in Wake of French Election May 8, 2017 • By Casey Wilson Leave a Comment How Will the New "Age Tax" Affect You? Trending Posts 15758 Reads 50 Likes Here's How to Make a Killing Off Kohl's Extinction Kohl's triple-threat chairman, president, and CEO is dragging the retailer off a cliff. Here's how much you could profit on its descent... 4430 Reads 20 Likes Why the Price of Gold Is Falling After Fed Meeting The price of gold is on track for a solid rebound in the next two months, despite hitting six-week lows this past week. Here's our short-term forecast... Featured Report How to Buy Bitcoins – Your Guide to Digital Profits With Bitcoin's tremendous potential, some proponents believe its price could rise to $10,000, $100,000 or even $1 million over the next decade. With returns like that, even a modest investment of $500 or $1,000 could turn into the payoff of your life. Here's everything you need to know to get started... Enter your email below to get the report. Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Today's Markets DJIA 5.34 (0.03%) 21,012.28 NASDAQ 1.90 (0.03%) 6,102.66 S&P 0.09 (0.00%) 2,399.38 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Seismic Profits Alert Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube Connect with Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Shah Gilani (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Breaking Stories View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Interviews LATEST NEWS Indian and Pakistani Army trade fire on LoC in Jammu and Kashmir Apple's market cap crosses $800 billion for first time Maharashtra government faces flak over deal to get AugustaWestland helicopters A first: Calcutta HC judge CS Karnan sentenced to 6 months in jail by Supreme Court Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Opinion Poke Me ET Commentary ET Editorial Speaking Tree Blogs ET Citings Opinion Poll Interviews Vedanta More QnA ET Home›Opinion›Interviews 12:01 PM | 09 Maymarket stats SENSEX 29,95024.01 NIFTY 50 9,3239.40 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,0932.00 USD/INR 64.530.22 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Exiting a business one has nurtured is always painful, says former DMart co-promoter Ashok Maheshwari By Shailesh Menon , ET Bureau | Updated: May 09, 2017, 10.54 AM IST Post a Comment Damani is a quick learner and always followed the principle of ‘stay foolish, stay hungry’ right from the very beginning, Ashok said. Without Ashok Maheshwari, DMart would not have emerged,” a former employee wrote to ET of the recently-listed Avenue Supermarts, holding the company of the DMart retail chain. The employee was reacting to a recent ET profile of Radhakishan Damani, Avenue Supermarts promoter. While the world knows DMart as pet venture of the ace stock investor, Damani may not have been the sole nurturer of the retail chain in its early days. At the turn of the century, Ashok Maheshwari, a “close confidante” of Damani, was also involved in thrashing out the business model and slogging it out in the run-up to opening the first store in Powai, Mumbai, in 2002. “Ashok used to single-handedly manage the entire DMart operations… I have seen him work nonstop, seven days a week, prior to opening the earliest of DMart stores,” the former employee lets on. Five years after DMart was born, Maheshwari exited the partnership completely. No reasons were given and the abrupt exit was never discussed again. “Commercial misunderstanding,” ventured a former employee close to both promoters while working for them. “An evil interference by a family member,” guessed a common friend. The nature of Damani’s business relationship with Maheshwari is not clear; whether the latter held shares in DMart or was it ‘sweat equity,’ nobody seems to know. But Maheshwari claims to be a founding member and co-promoter of DMart. An ET report of February 2005 qualifies Maheshwari as “a main promoter” of DMart. An April 2017 magazine report qualifies Maheshwari as a “former executive director” of the retail chain. ET tried to connect with DMart officials for confirmation, but could not get any on-record comments. “Mr Damani does not want to participate in this interview...” an official representing Avenue Supermarts told this paper. “Senior officials of Avenue Supermarts say Maheshwari was not a co-promoter of DMart.” Maheshwari’s name does not appear in the 393-page prospectus of Avenue Supermarts. He is also not among Damani’s friends and acquaintances who received gift deeds (of Supermarts shares) two years ago. For a person who claims to have designed the initial logos of DMart, this would have come as a rude shock. But Maheshwari — now in his late 40s and running his own infrastructure venture — plays it down. “Why I exited DMart is a personal matter between us and I would like to keep it that way,” Maheshwari told ET at the Taj’s Sea Lounge in Mumbai last week. Why Maheshwari and Damani parted ways after five years remains a mystery. But in his first exclusive media interview, Maheshwari opens up to Shailesh Menon on how the duo nurtured the startup and the lessons life, time — and DMart — taught him. Edited excerpts: How long have you known Radhakishan Damani? My family has known Damani’s family for over 50 years. In fact, Damani funded my first business — a pre-press venture. He had always been an encouraging mentor to me. How did the idea of DMart come about? Somewhere in 1997, Damani had started an Apna Bazaar (a cooperative department store chain) franchise. But he was not convinced about the model and wanted to start a separate retail chain. In September 1999, he spoke his mind about starting a separate retail entity. We discussed our model for days together — from early evenings to early mornings. Two months later, we firmed up our idea to start Avenue Supermarts, DMart being the brand name. Various brand names were evaluated but we finally agreed upon DMart as it was short and simple. In May 2002, we started our first store in Powai. How different was your model of retail then? From day one, we wanted to open ‘discount format’ stores. It was all about the value proposition. Prior to opening our first store, we visited numerous stores like Walmart, IKEA and CostCo. These trips gave us a fairly good idea of the concept of value retail. Were you and Damani on the same page on DMart? We, at the initial stages, did have a debate about whether the store has to be Apna Bazaar or a mid-scale type. We did have a difference of opinion as to how the store should be; Damani was of the view that it should be the very low cost with no fancy stuff and even no air-conditioner. My view was that we are beyond a supermarket with minimum 10,000-15,000 sq ft stores. They should be very well laid out, have reasonably good flooring, very good ambience… air-conditioning is a must because we wanted customers to spend a reasonable time shopping and not feel claustrophobic. Finally, we settled for my mid-scale type, though jokingly Damani used to mention at times, “Ashok has created a 5-star.” Even while doing up our Thane store, Damani felt that we had overspent a bit. But I told him to look at it as an investment – and not as an expense. Thane Dmart is still one of the highest turnover stores on a sales-per-square-foot basis, I presume. How did you two work together — with such strong likes and dislikes? Between Damani and myself, we had very distinctly got our responsibilities delegated. As he had an eye for purchase, he wanted to handle that part while all other responsibilities related to operations — from location hunting, store designing, setup and management, HR, staff training, software, finance to logistics, supply chain — were my duties. I remember even writing a standard operating procedure for our stores. How involved was Damani in running the business? Damani worked equally hard to get DMart up and running. He had to come out of his comfort zone — the stock market — to be a part of this. A big investor that he was even then, Damani was never ashamed to be a part of this grocery venture. He excelled in a purchase and merchandising. To cite an example, a competing supermarket near our Powai store used to sell Feng Shui luck plants at Rs 599. They bought from a reseller on credit. Damani decided to source from the importer directly. We could sell the same product at Rs 99. We must have sold a record number of these plants. Did Damani’s stock market friends influence DMart? One of Damani’s stock market friends had advised us that unless we had a scalable model — and scaled up rapidly — DMart would simply remain an experiment. This prompted us to lay down a 5-year and 10-year plan. Another time, I got this call from a very close stock market friend of Damani at midnight; he was telling me how Damani was wasting his time ordering boxes of Colgate. I told this friend, Damani feels as happy buying boxes of Colgate as he would buying Colgate shares in the stock market. Do you regret exiting DMart too soon? I exited DMart in 2006… We had 10 stores then — six operational and four work-in-progress. Exiting a business one has nurtured is always painful. But when I see DMart’s success today, I feel no regrets. You must understand one thing; making money was not our biggest aim when we started DMart. We wanted to start something big, something unique. We managed to do that laying a very strong foundation. Why did you exit DMart abruptly? It’s a very personal matter between us and I would like to keep it that way. How was Damani as an investor and a partner? The most important factors of Damani’s success are his strong risk appetite, being at the right place at the right time and his strong gut feel. His ability to come out of his comfort zone is simply outstanding. Damani is a quick learner and always followed the principle of ‘stay foolish, stay hungry’ from the very beginning. Could you’ve grown DMart to its current size if you were in control? DMart was destined to grow big… It is poised to grow even more if they adhere to the plan we made after our second year of operation. DMart’s model is such that the first 10 stores will fund the next 10 after four years of operation; these 20 stores will together fund the next 20 after eight years of operation. At that rate, DMart would have over 150 stores in 16 years. The count of stores is almost what we projected in 2002. This strategy brings down cost and capital requirement significantly in the long run. Real estate costs for DMart (owned premises) could be as low as Rs 15 crore approximately for a 15,000 sq ft store (at current prices, 15,000 sq feet in suburban Mumbai would cost roughly Rs 30-40 crore). What’s your outlook for DMart? Actually, Damani is the best person to answer this… This was the best time for the company to go public, for sure. From a stock market point of view, the stock appreciation could be because of low equity float and factoring-in of future performance. If DMart goes full steam ahead and explores different channels of operations, they’re in a very good position to sustain this valuation. Brick-and-mortar retail is here to stay. Will it survive the online onslaught? To plan a store of 15,000 sq ft, one has to target a neighbourhood potential of 20,000 families with Rs 2,500 as minimum spending in a store that offers basic day-to-day needs. There can be at least 8,000 such locations in India. This will account for 50 per cent of the population only. So the potential is very high. Having said that, ‘number of stores opened’ is not the right unit to measure growth, as maintaining a big supply chain is equally challenging. Further, it is difficult to maintain growth and profitability at all times as there’s always a downward curve for every store once it has peaked out. Retail is a simple high volume–low margin business; it is all about keeping what customers want on the shelf. Inventory management is the key to success. So, jo dikhta hai, woh bikta hai… and jo bikta hai, woh dikhna chahiye. Are you in touch with Damani now? Our relationship is cordial. I recently wished him on the success of DMart IPO and he reciprocated Would you join hands with Damani for another business venture in future? Certainly, if and when such an opportunity arises and we both feel equally inclined. Your infra-venture (Avenue Group) is similar to DMart’s Avenue Supermarts)… Since the very beginning, we’ve used ‘Avenue’ as the name for all our business ventures we started together. But now we’re independent entities. What are the troubles of running a startup with a powerful investor as the partner ? Life and time are two important teachers. I think everything should be very well-documented — even if it is your family. Keep it simple but don’t let things be taken for granted. Be very honest and protect your rights, but in an unbiased and balanced way. Choose a good partner. The business should not be hijacked or sabotaged. If the partner is involved in management, draw a very clear understanding to the delegation of responsibilities and capital infusion dynamics. So the simple discipline for a startup is: make it well documented. Comments(0)Add Comments Exiting a business one has nurtured is always painful, says former DMart co-promoter Ashok Maheshwari To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read D-Mart now the most expensive retailer in the world Strong earnings growth unlikely to trigger rally in expensive D-Mart Margin financiers ride DMart IPO wave D-Mart grossly overvalued, steer clear: Rajen Shah, Tradebulls Will today's winner Radhakishan Damani of D-Mart face these four challenges of tomorrow? READ MORE ONreal estateRadhakishan DamaniDMartDamaniAvenue GroupApna Bazaar Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB How Artificial Intelligence Is Pushing Man And Machine Clo.. PricewaterhouseCoopers The Experiences That Spark Student Creativity Microsoft 9 Worst US States To Retire Due to Taxes, Living Expenses,.. TheFinancialWord.comMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times NEW YORK How A Smart Home Helps You Get To Work On Time Alarm.com Inspire a brighter future with five FREE digital stories. PNC Why These 10 SUVs are the Cream of the Crop Kelley Blue Book Investors Bet Big on This Name Speculate Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Tata just unveiled its first sports coupe - TaMo RaceMo I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented FDI in food retail will be a game changer: Harsimrat Kaur Badal Exiting a business one has nurtured is always painful, says former DMart co-promoter Ashok Maheshwari Modi govt’s big infra push is visible & foreign investors know India will give best returns: Nitin Gadkari Cyber security is a business risk, not tech risk: Kelly Bissell, MD of Global Accenture Security The impression I had of India was wrong. It has changed: Rodolphe Saade More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|AAP Crisis BSE Sensex|SRH vs MI Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.

facebook twitter tumblr pinterest instagram rss Footwear News Subscribe Skip to content Toggle navigation Latest Influencers Fashion Business Runway FN Spy Focus Women’s Men’s Children Athletic & Outdoor Opinion & Analysis FN Home Influencers Power Players Footwear Legends Bob Campbell & Sonny Shar Get Candid About Life & Business By Jennie Bell / 12 hours ago Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Sonny Shar & Bob Campbell David de las Heras A light rain is falling on this April afternoon, bringing traffic to a standstill in midtown Manhattan. Briefly, a small window opens up between bumpers. “Go now,” Bob Campbell instructs his driver, Sal, who expertly steers through the jam and soon has the SUV speeding along the FDR Drive. Campbell, BBC International’s chairman and CEO, is known in the industry for his charm, generosity and, most important, his ability to identify and overcome any obstacle, even gridlock. Related BBC Chief Bob Campbell Receives Honorary Doctorate Degree The car is heading to Campbell’s Upper East Side apartment for an impromptu photo shoot. Also with us is another powerful footwear personality: Sonny Shar, a longtime friend of Campbell’s. At the moment, the two are reminiscing about memorable trips they’ve taken, both together and apart. Between them, they have traversed much of the globe, from downtown Shanghai to the glaciers of Alaska. In some sense, both have come a long way to reach this point. For Shar, who is from Namibia by way of South Africa, the distance is quite literal. For Campbell, it is more symbolic. Raised in the hardscrabble streets of Pittsburgh by a single mother, the shoe titan started working at 9 years old, for his family’s bakery. Several years later, after a move to Detroit, Campbell’s after-school job in the stockroom at Kinney Shoes set him on his career path, leading to influential roles with Kinney and parent company F.W. Woolworth. And then, eventually, came BBC, a company he founded in 1975 that is now a multimillion-dollar global footwear powerhouse, producing some of the most coveted fashion and character shoes in the children’s category. Bob Campbell, photographed in his New York apartment. Joshua Scott Having never attended college, Campbell exhibits great pride in his accomplishments, describing himself as “a doctor of experience.” Last week, however, that moniker changed somewhat, as Campbell received an honorary doctorate degree from Florida Atlantic University in Boca Raton, Fla. “Bobby Campbell’s record of achievements in business, and his significant contributions in the community and to so many charitable causes, provide a great example to our students of what they can aspire to accomplish in their business careers,” wrote Daniel Gropper, dean of the College of Business, in a nominating letter for the honor. Shar has equal praise for Campbell. “In all the years that I’ve known him, the one thing that has always stood out about him is his heart — the way he treats people [in this business] and in the outside world,” he said. What follows is an edited version of a conversation between these two shoe icons, about humble origins, giving back to the community and why the footwear business today is tougher than ever. — Sonny Shar: Looking back 37 years, to when I walked into your office for the first time as a consultant, did you ever believe that I’d be interviewing you or that you’d be getting a doctorate from a university? Bob Campbell: No, of course not. Also, 37 years ago, no way did I have [any expectations] — except that, I thought, you have to have a dream. And I always had a dream to be successful, but I never looked at where I’d be [in the future]. SS: That goes for both of us, because when I walked into your office, I was a rookie in America. BC: And I didn’t even know what a consultant was in those days. SS: Let me ask you a few questions. From earlier in your career, who was the most influential person who gave you a direction? BC: It was a gentleman who passed away some time ago named Cam Anderson. He was president of ­Kinney Shoes and my idol. I worked with him and I was his assistant. He was the guy I always looked up to, and he was the guy who was my mentor. Sonny Shar interviewing Bob Campbell for an article in FN. Sonny Shar interviewing Bob Campbell for an article in FN. Joshua Scott SS: Obviously, we all have milestones in our careers. What do you think have been the key milestones for you? BC: That’s a tough question. From the very beginning, I just never looked back. I never thought that whatever I did could fail, because I started out very, very poor — so I thought, “What am I going to do? I can’t go back to that.” So my thing is that I just kept working. I knew with luck it’d be OK. I came from a family that only had a mother — never had a father — and she taught me good things. A very religious woman, she taught me to be a good person, to respect people. SS: There’s no question, Bob, that having come from a background like that, your education has been on the street, learning the business. BC: Absolutely. I learned it all from the streets. I learned it from working on a bakery truck at 9 years old, and on a fruit truck. I worked every kind of job you could think of [because it] put money in your pocket. My mother [worked hard just to put] food on the table, and that’s why my sisters and I were very lucky, because we never starved and we would find places to live. We lived in my grandmother’s house until I was 6 years old, and all five of us lived in one room. SS: That says a lot. Going back to when you started BBC, can you pick two or three exciting happenings? BC: One of the most exciting things I remember is, I was in business a couple of years, and a guy named Bobby Greenberg called me and said he wanted to go into business. So I started working on LA Gear with him. And probably the second most important thing that happened was when business was down and I thought I was going to go broke. I was right there, about to lose everything, including my house. And then luck came along. This guy in Canada had a patent [for putting a light in a shoe], and he showed it to me, and I thought, “Oh my god, this is something. But what the hell am I going to do with it?” I knew if I went to Kmart, I could get one big order, because at that time, Kmart was bigger than Walmart. But the guy said, “No, that’s not good.” So I got some cardboard, put the light on the cardboard and drew a picture of a shoe on the board. I took it to Bobby Greenberg, and he said, “What the hell is this?” And I said, “You’re too stupid to understand it.” So I went and had the shoes made, and by the time I came back, a new guy was in charge of LA Gear. I didn’t know him from Adam, but he says, “Wow, this is just great.” And frankly, he did incredible marketing. We sold 10 million pairs that next year. That turned me right around — paid my bills, paid my losses, and I was in good shape. SS: If you had a choice, would you change anything? BC: No. I was fortunate. I grew up on tough streets in Pittsburgh. No question, it wasn’t easy. But no, I wouldn’t change a thing. SS: In the early days of your career, what were the things that gave you strength? BC: I think the most important thing is attitude. I never would look down or feel sorry — I mean, I had a tough road, but I never felt sorry for myself. I feel that attitude was my best asset. SS: Is it fair to say that the business today is much harder than 20 or 30 years ago? BC: Yes. Making children’s shoes 20 years ago was a pleasure. Today it is very, very difficult, with all the compliances you have to deal with and the government regulations. It’s not fun being in shoes — it’s especially not fun being in children’s shoes. We have to go through every single type of testing there is, and not just in the U.S. Our company is very big internationally, and the rules in Europe and everywhere else are very, very tough. Sonny Shar and Bob Campbell. David de las Heras SS: Let’s go back to the days of Ted Poland and Jonas Senter, [two pioneers of manufacturing in Asia]. What’s happened in the region from then to today? BC: I’d call both Teddy and Jonas two of the geniuses of the shoe business. Jonas ran a business bigger than Nike. He was the biggest there is. The important thing is, it was a different business back in those days. I’ve been going to China for 40 years — more than 40 years, because I went there as a buyer. Jonas had built the foundation of what international business was. He had a big company — Mitsubishi was behind him — but he was a true genius. Teddy was a genius, too. Those two guys, they’re my idols. I worked with both of them. SS: Do you think that we could ever go back to Made in America and add higher tariffs to products coming in from other countries? BC: There is no way we can make children’s shoes in America. We cannot do robotics, because they’re too expensive. We cannot do injection, because machines can’t handle that and they don’t look right. We cannot do things by computer, like 3-D printing. We can’t do the things here that can be done in Asia for children’s shoes. SS: Well, that’s a pretty clear answer. It certainly tells us what’s going on. So now for the next question: How does it feel seeing your son, Seth, so involved in the business? BC: In the past three years, he has become an incredible person. I won’t tell him that usually, but he’s become an incredible executive. He has learned an awful lot. He’s in Europe right now and often travels around the world. He doesn’t mind the traveling, and he gets a lot done. I head up all the sales of the company, and that’s what he wants to do. And he’s the perfect person — he will be the person to run the sales one day. SS: Well, the bad news is that after this interview, he’s going to hear the nice things you said. BC: He cannot read this! [laughs] I’m tough on him on purpose, because there are a lot of silver-spoon guys in this business, and there are a lot who’ve failed in this business. I don’t want him to be a silver-spoon person. People ask me a lot when I’m going to retire, and I say, “Never, because that’s death.” I don’t have any plans of retiring, but he will eventually be working with me in sales in a much bigger way at the company. I know his vision is to replace me, but I’m not ready for that yet. Bob Campbell and his son, Seth, photographed at Campbell Stables. Steve Eichner. SS: Your staff has such love for you, and one of the reasons, I think, is that you’ve always been magnanimous. Would you agree with that statement? BC: Well, I don’t exactly agree with it. But I believe the two big words in business and my personal life are “communication” and “respect.” My door is open every day, and the newest person in the company can walk in and say, “Hey, how ya doin’, Mr. Campbell?” It’s an open door because I really believe [that at BBC], we are a family. Most of our middle management have been with us more than 15 years, and I think [that’s because of] good communication and respect of each other. They’re all my friends. I can go drinking with them. I don’t treat people any different than I want to be treated, and I really feel that it’s easy to be nice to people. I always look straight at a person, I never look down at a person. I think it’s really good that we have built the company we have built. SS: Yes, it doesn’t matter where — at a party, at shoe shows, whatever — you treat everybody as an equal. BC: Except the competition. SS: The competition, we’re not talking about. BC: I’m just kidding. When we first moved the company to Boca Raton, 20 years ago, the first thing I said was, “I want to join some kind of charity.” And fortunately, I got involved with The Arc, for children who needed special help. And I fell in love with that. And ever since, I think I’m on five different boards of charities — I’m on the board of the hospital, the historical society, and I’m very much involved in Lynn University and, of course, FAU. I believe in one thing: If you are successful, you’ve got to give back to the community, you’ve got to give back to the people who need it. As you know, I’m very much involved with the Two Ten Footwear Foundation, and I give as much as anyone in that association. I just feel good about doing that. SS: That’s one of your best traits: You are humble. And if you’re humble, then the rest of life is good. BC: I try to teach my son that. I try to tell him, “If you’re going to be successful, you better learn to give back.” It’s very, very important that you do. Listen, there are a lot people [who are in need]. At the Florence Fuller [childcare center], behind our office in Boca, you’ll see these kids — the mothers come by bicycle or by bus to pick up their kids. And we support them. We give a scholarship every year to them. It’s important to help single mothers and people who are having hard times. People have so many problems. It’s terrible. BBC CEO Bob Campbell. Joshua Scott SS: We’re coming close to the end of this interview. But looking back, when you were a stock boy at Kinney Shoes, did you ever envision the success you have had? BC: Did I? No! When I was a stock boy at Kinney Shoes and I made $35 that first week, I thought I was rich. But my dream was to make $100. That was always my dream, so I worked at it. They made me a stock boy, but I hated it; I wanted to sell, so they let me, and I did some crazy things in the shoe store to get the sale. Within a year, before I’d even graduated high school, I’d made enough money to buy an old Dodge for $600. It made me very proud. When I graduated, I had a tuition scholarship to Michigan State, but I couldn’t afford to go away, so I decided to stay with Kinney full time. I started selling shoes when I was 15, and here I am a damn shoe dog. SS: Well, I’m going to end this by saying one thing: Having known you so long, you deserve every honor, because of the impact you’ve had on our industry, because of your philanthropy, but most of all — and to me this says it all — because you’re a mensch. It’s been a bloody privilege to interview you, even in my strange accent. BC: Am I suddenly Jewish? Thank you so much, Sonny. You’ve always been one of my best friends in this industry. There are a lot of guys I really respect in this industry, and you’re one of the few people I really love. You’re like a brother. — Sign up for the FN Newsletter — Influencers, Power Players, Asia Pacific, North America, BBC International, Bob Campbell, Sonny Shar Share This Article Reddit LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Print Talk Post navigation ← Camila Cabello Performs in These Surprisingly Affordable Heels Meet Gregory Robert, the Parisian Style Star With a Passion for Pink → Featured Gallery Celebrity Statement Shoes: May 2017 ALERTS & NEWSLETTERS SIGN UP PRIVACY POLICY Around The Web Latest Publication Footwear News 05/08/2017 Read Now Korea Box Office: 'Guardians Vol. 2' Zooms to Franchise-Beating… Better Call Saul Recap: Assault, Battery Jimmy Kimmel Returns To Air, "Apologizes" For Saying All… Jimmy Kimmel Gives Trump Epic 'Apology' After Emotional Health… Scientists accidentally created a new blue, and now Crayola has… Contact Us About Us Advertise Terms of Use Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Newsletters The Power of Content Variety india.com Hollywoodlife Deadline TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD © 2017 Fairchild Publishing, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. FN and Footwear News are registered trademarks of Fairchild Publishing, LLC. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP ad Post to Cancel
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Two Louisiana youth honored for volunteerism at national award ceremony in Washington, D.C. WASHINGTON, May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Louisiana’s top two youth volunteers of 2017, Anna Katherine Tollett, 16, of Ruston and Zach Morgan, 12, of Denham Springs, were honored in the nation’s capital last night for their outstanding volunteer service during the 22nd annual presentation of The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. Anna Katherine and Zach – along with 100 other top youth volunteers from across the country – each received $1,000 awards and personal congratulations from Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps at an award ceremony and gala dinner reception held at the Smithsonian’s National Museum of Natural History. The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program, sponsored by Prudential Financial in partnership with the National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP), named Anna Katherine and Zach Louisiana’s top high school and middle level youth volunteers in February. In addition to their cash awards, they each received an engraved silver medallion and an all-expense-paid trip with a parent to Washington, D.C., for four days of recognition events. Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps congratulates Anna Katherine Tollett, 16, of Ruston (center) and Zach Morgan, 12, of Denham Springs (right) on being named Louisiana’s top two youth volunteers for 2017 by The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. Anna Katherine and Zach were honored at a ceremony on Sunday, May 7 at the Smithsonian’s National Museum of Natural History, where they each received a $1,000 award. Anna Katherine, a junior at Cedar Creek School, has worked tirelessly over the past eight years on behalf of kids who, like her, suffer from Type 1 diabetes, raising funds to find a cure, enhancing public awareness of the disease, campaigning for legal rights and protections for students with diabetes, and providing support to newly diagnosed children and their families. „When I was first diagnosed, the daily demands of managing this relentless disease combined with the often-misinformed public perception of diabetes left me feeling overwhelmed and alienated,” said Anna Katherine. But „because of the support and guidance of family, friends and community, I became determined to reach out to those living with diabetes, and challenge the public perception of the disease.” The day after she left the hospital, Anna Katherine participated in the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation’s annual fundraising walk, and in subsequent years led a team of her own. With help from her father, she shot a 30-second public service announcement about diabetes, which won the top prize in a national contest and has been seen by more than 16,000 viewers. In 2012, Anna Katherine helped successfully lobby her state legislature to make it easier for kids to manage their diabetes at school, and also took part in a lobbying effort in Washington, D.C., in 2011 and 2012 with the American Diabetes Association that secured millions of dollars for diabetes research. She also helped start a foundation that aids kids and their families immediately following a new diagnosis of Type 1 diabetes. Zach, a sixth-grader at Live Oak Middle School, collected more than 5,000 hats and 2,000 toys for kids with cancer, and secured a grant to fund a weeklong summer camp for children with the disease. It all started when Zach saw a TV commercial about childhood cancer. „I felt bad for kids who had cancer,” he said. „I felt bad that it changed their childhood. I wanted to make them feel better.” Since he already liked to collect baseball caps, Zach decided to begin collecting them for kids who lose their hair to chemotherapy. He received 250 new caps and hats in his first drive at a local Walmart store, and then threw a pizza party at a local children’s hospital to hand them out. Subsequent drives have yielded thousands of additional hats, which have gone to kids across the country. „I have learned that even the smallest things – like a baseball cap – can put the biggest smile on a kid,” said Zach. He also distributes toys through „Treasure Chests of Courage” that he has placed at several cancer treatment facilities. To date, Zach has mobilized more than 2,000 students in several states to help kids with cancer. He has also hosted events that have generated more than 1,000 pounds of food for students at local schools who have little to eat on weekends. „These honorees have done exemplary work to contribute to the health and vitality of their communities, and we look forward to seeing the great things they achieve in the future,” said John Strangfeld, chairman and CEO of Prudential Financial, Inc. „Congratulations to each of these extraordinary young volunteers.” „It’s a privilege to celebrate these students not only for outstanding volunteer service, but for the example they’ve set for their peers,” said Jayne Ellspermann, president of NASSP. „These honorees prove that one person truly can make a difference.” Youth volunteers in grades 5-12 were invited to apply for 2017 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards last fall through schools, Girl Scout councils, county 4-H organizations, American Red Cross chapters, YMCAs and affiliates of the HandsOn Network. More than 31,000 middle level and high school students nationwide participated in this year’s program. The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program was created in 1995 to identify and recognize young people for outstanding volunteer service – and, in so doing, inspire others to volunteer, too. In the past 22 years, the program has honored more than 120,000 young volunteers at the local, state and national level. For more information about The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards and this year’s honorees, visit  http://spirit.prudential.com or www.nassp.org/spirit. About NASSP The National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP) is the leading organization of and voice for middle level and high school principals, assistant principals, and school leaders from across the United States. The association connects and engages school leaders through advocacy, research, education, and student programs. NASSP advocates on behalf of all school leaders to ensure the success of each student and strengthens school leadership practices through the design and delivery of high quality professional learning experiences. Reflecting its long-standing commitment to student leadership development, NASSP administers the National Honor Society, National Junior Honor Society, National Elementary Honor Society, and National Association of Student Councils. For more information about NASSP, located in Reston, VA, visit  www.nassp.org. About Prudential Financial Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE: PRU), a financial services leader, has operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Prudential’s diverse and talented employees are committed to helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth through a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management. In the U.S., Prudential’s iconic Rock symbol has stood for strength, stability, expertise and innovation for more than a century. For more information, please visit www.news.prudential.com. Editors: For pictures of the Spirit of Community Awards program logo and medallions, visit https://spirit.prudential.com/resources/media. For B-roll of Louisiana’s honorees at the 2017 national recognition events, contact Prudential’s Harold Banks at (973) 216-4833 or harold.banks@prudential.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/two-louisiana-youth-honored-for-volunteerism-at-national-award-ceremony-in-washington-dc-300452906.html SOURCE Prudential Insurance Related Links http://www.PRUDENTIAL.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Children, Corporate Social Responsibility Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Alcohol Ingredients 2017 Global Trend and Key Players – Archer Daniels Midland Company, Cargill, Ashland Inc., Kerry Group PLC Market Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Carminic Acid Market by Top Manufacturers, Growth, Emerging Trends, Size, Share, Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Corporation de Sécurité Garda World annonce l’extension de la Date d’échéance de son Offre d’achat de ses Billets de premier rang échéant en 2021 Corporation de Sécurité Garda World annonce l’extension de la Date d’échéance de son Offre d’achat de ses Billets de premier rang échéant en 2021 Garda World Security Corporation Announces Extension of Expiration Time for its Offer to Purchase its Outstanding Senior Notes due 2021 Garda World Security Corporation Announces Extension of Expiration Time for its Offer to Purchase its Outstanding Senior Notes due 2021 United States Biotechnology Separation Systems Market 2017 – Market Size, Shares, Trends, Growth, Survey and Forecast RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Two Indiana youth honored for volunteerism at national award ceremony in Washington, D.C. WASHINGTON, May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Indiana’s top two youth volunteers of 2017, Grace Zhang, 18, of Carmel and Tara Harmon, 14, of Zionsville, were honored in the nation’s capital last night for their outstanding volunteer service during the 22nd annual presentation of The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. Grace and Tara – along with 100 other top youth volunteers from across the country – each received $1,000 awards and personal congratulations from Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps at an award ceremony and gala dinner reception held at the Smithsonian’s National Museum of Natural History. The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program, sponsored by Prudential Financial in partnership with the National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP), named Grace and Tara Indiana’s top high school and middle level youth volunteers in February. In addition to their cash awards, they each received an engraved silver medallion and an all-expense-paid trip with a parent to Washington, D.C., for four days of recognition events. Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps congratulates Grace Zhang, 18, of Carmel (center) and Tara Harmon, 14, of Zionsville (right) on being named Indiana’s top two youth volunteers for 2017 by The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. Grace and Tara were honored at a ceremony on Sunday, May 7 at the Smithsonian’s National Museum of Natural History, where they each received a $1,000 award. Grace, a senior at Carmel High School, organized a one-day „street store” in Indianapolis last year that enabled more than 200 struggling families to obtain free, gently used clothing. A couple of winters ago, Grace watched as a homeless man tripped on his baggy pants and fell to the sidewalk. „No one helped him,” she said. „I watched as his dog licked the tears off his face.” That sad image stuck with Grace and prompted her to begin researching organizations that help the poor. She came across Street Store, an international project started in South Africa to give the homeless and people in need a dignified shopping experience. After obtaining instructions and materials from the organization, Grace went to work. She enlisted the help of fellow students in her high school club, contacted local organizations that serve the poor, solicited clothing donations at schools and in the community, and lined up sponsors. The week before her event, Grace was devastated to learn that her beloved grandfather in China was dying. She had a choice: cancel the Street Store or risk never seeing him again. „I knew my grandfather wouldn’t have wanted his illness to impede on charity for the homeless,” she said. So she proceeded to set up her store, and welcomed needy shoppers to choose from among 16,000 articles of donated clothing. Sadly, Grace’s grandfather died without hearing about her successful event. „But I saw my grandfather in every shopper,” she said. Tara, an eighth-grader at Zionsville West Middle School, secured $4,000 in grants and donations over the past three years to provide weekend meals, healthy snacks and school uniforms for inner-city kids in her community. While walking around downtown Indianapolis with her family, Tara frequently encountered homeless people, and it broke her heart. But after seeing a homeless mother and son sleeping on the street, „I went home and thought long and hard,” she said. With encouragement from her parents, Tara began researching ways to help. Through an online search, Tara identified an elementary school with a high rate of free and reduced- price lunches, and while visiting the school, learned about its desperate need for uniforms. She then sought a grant from the Indianapolis Colts and a donation from Walmart; the result was 200 new uniforms for the school. Tara also learned that without subsidized lunches at school, many students go hungry over the summer. She responded by securing another grant and more store donations, and used the money to provide 100 weekend meal packages to summer campers. To encourage healthy eating, Tara also planted a vegetable garden and donated 600 pounds of produce for an inner-city summer camp. She estimated more than 500 kids in need have benefited from her activities. „These honorees have done exemplary work to contribute to the health and vitality of their communities, and we look forward to seeing the great things they achieve in the future,” said John Strangfeld, chairman and CEO of Prudential Financial, Inc. „Congratulations to each of these extraordinary young volunteers.” „It’s a privilege to celebrate these students not only for outstanding volunteer service, but for the example they’ve set for their peers,” said Jayne Ellspermann, president of NASSP. „These honorees prove that one person truly can make a difference.” Youth volunteers in grades 5-12 were invited to apply for 2017 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards last fall through schools, Girl Scout councils, county 4-H organizations, American Red Cross chapters, YMCAs and affiliates of the HandsOn Network. More than 31,000 middle level and high school students nationwide participated in this year’s program. The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program was created in 1995 to identify and recognize young people for outstanding volunteer service – and, in so doing, inspire others to volunteer, too. In the past 22 years, the program has honored more than 120,000 young volunteers at the local, state and national level. For more information about The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards and this year’s honorees, visit  http://spirit.prudential.com or www.nassp.org/spirit. About NASSP The National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP) is the leading organization of and voice for middle level and high school principals, assistant principals, and school leaders from across the United States. The association connects and engages school leaders through advocacy, research, education, and student programs. NASSP advocates on behalf of all school leaders to ensure the success of each student and strengthens school leadership practices through the design and delivery of high quality professional learning experiences. Reflecting its long-standing commitment to student leadership development, NASSP administers the National Honor Society, National Junior Honor Society, National Elementary Honor Society, and National Association of Student Councils. For more information about NASSP, located in Reston, VA, visit  www.nassp.org. About Prudential Financial Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE: PRU), a financial services leader, has operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Prudential’s diverse and talented employees are committed to helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth through a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management. In the U.S., Prudential’s iconic Rock symbol has stood for strength, stability, expertise and innovation for more than a century. For more information, please visit www.news.prudential.com. Editors: For pictures of the Spirit of Community Awards program logo and medallions, visit https://spirit.prudential.com/resources/media. For B-roll of Indiana’s honorees at the 2017 national recognition events, contact Prudential’s Harold Banks at (973) 216-4833 or harold.banks@prudential.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/two-indiana-youth-honored-for-volunteerism-at-national-award-ceremony-in-washington-dc-300452912.html SOURCE Prudential Insurance Related Links http://www.PRUDENTIAL.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Children, Corporate Social Responsibility Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ariana DeMattei of Center Moriches, New York named one of America’s top 10 youth volunteers of 2017 Next PostNext Two Virginia youth honored for volunteerism at national award ceremony in Washington, D.C. Search Recent Posts Corporation de Sécurité Garda World annonce l’extension de la Date d’échéance de son Offre d’achat de ses Billets de premier rang échéant en 2021 Corporation de Sécurité Garda World annonce l’extension de la Date d’échéance de son Offre d’achat de ses Billets de premier rang échéant en 2021 Garda World Security Corporation Announces Extension of Expiration Time for its Offer to Purchase its Outstanding Senior Notes due 2021 Garda World Security Corporation Announces Extension of Expiration Time for its Offer to Purchase its Outstanding Senior Notes due 2021 United States Biotechnology Separation Systems Market 2017 – Market Size, Shares, Trends, Growth, Survey and Forecast RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV As Seen On 2 Politics Traffic Heroin at Home Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 Family Safety Day Nashville Dads Photo Galleries Video Live Take 2 Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Calendar Educator of the Week Lottery Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners 66° F Clear Hi: 79° F Lo: 60° F Today’s Weather Radar Forecast Closings 2 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV As Seen On 2 Politics Traffic Heroin at Home Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 Family Safety Day Nashville Dads Photo Galleries Featured: CrimeTracker: Teens and Violence Latest Headlines Surveillance video shows thieves checking door handles in West Nashville May 8, 2017 Residents regularly send surveillance footage to police that shows suspected burglars attempting to break in to vehicles. Murfreesboro mom warns of dangers of cough syrup drink known as ‘lean’ May 8, 2017 Samantha Dickerson was at an acquaintance’s home in April when her baby accidentally took a sip of some. Man wanted in shooting that injured 2 at Antioch billiards bar May 8, 2017 Tennessee Senate passes $37B spending plan for next year May 8, 2017 $54 million fight over vacant Superman Building is settled Updated: 9 mins ago Video Live Take 2 Weather Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Current Conditions 66° F Clear Feels Like: 66° F Wind: S 5 Humidity: 70% Dewpoint: 56° F Sunrise: 5:45 AM Sunset: 7:40 PM Nashville Weather Forecast Day Planner Radar Currently Sponsored by: Sports Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Latest Headlines VIDEO: ESPN’s Barry Melrose talks Preds May 8, 2017 ESPN’s lead hockey analyst joined Good Morning Nashville to talk about the Preds’ run for the Stanley Cup and how Nashville has embraced the… History made clinching Western finals berth, Preds now rest May 8, 2017 The eighth-seeded team in the West, the Predators followed up a stunning sweep of the Chicago Blackhawks by ousting the St. Louis Blues in s… Preds to hold Select-a-Seat event this Tuesday at Bridgestone May 7, 2017 JOE BIDDLE: Historic day at Bridgestone May 7, 2017 JOE BIDDLE: Sunday Notes: May 7, 2017 May 7, 2017 Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Calendar Educator of the Week Lottery Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners Search for: Search the site 66° F Clear Hi: 79° F Lo: 60° F 2 seriously hurt after car crashes into semi in Murfreesboro By Larry Flowers Published: May 8, 2017, 11:30 am Updated: May 8, 2017, 5:21 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Photo: WKRN MURFREESBORO, Tenn. (WKRN) – Two people were seriously hurt after a car crashed into a tractor trailer Monday in Murfreesboro. Police say the semi driver had a green light and was attempting to turn left at Joe B. Jackson and South Church Street when the crash happened around 10:20 a.m. A black Nissan Maxima then plowed into the trailer, becoming partially wedged underneath. Witnesses reported the driver of the Maxima ran a red light and appeared to be looking down when the accident happened. “Any time you have a car versus a semi-truck, the semi-truck is going to win as far as the momentum and the weight distributed,” said Murfreesboro police spokesman Kyle Evans. Photo: WKRN Evans also said two people inside the car were taken to Vanderbilt University Medical Center in critical condition. Their identities have not been released. “One person was taken by ground to Vanderbilt; the other was taken by LifeFlight helicopter. Both are in critical condition at this time with life-threatening injuries,” he explained. South Church Street was shut down for hours while authorities investigated the scene. As part of the investigation, which is ongoing, investigators will work to determine if alcohol or distracted driving were factors in the crash. Photo: WKRN “Drinking and driving, distracted driving– they both kill,” Spokesman Evans said.”Anytime that you’re distracted and you’re not focused on doing – keeping what you are supposed to be doing – which is driving that vehicle and paying attention, it’s a deadly recipe. We hope for the best in this situation that these two come out of it.” News 2 spoke with Becky Lewis, who was involved in a crash with a semi six years ago. She is now disabled and said she had flashbacks when she saw the aftermath of Monday’s crash. “Seeing someone else in a wreck with a semi, that brings back so much fear and terror,” Lewis told News 2. She added that she often sees people driving not paying attention to the road. ‘They tell you all the time not to be on your phone, that’s why Bluetooth are for,” Lewis said. The driver of the truck wasn’t hurt in the crash. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts 31-year-old road worker killed on side of I-24 in Murfreesboro Investigators looking into Mississippi bus-train crash Murfreesboro home searched amid solicitation of minor investigation Tractor-trailer blows over, lands on SUV in Murfreesboro Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WKRN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKRN.com © 2000 - 2017 wkrn.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Video Sports Traffic Community Station Twitter Facebook Contact Us Advertise History Jobs at WKRN Closings & Delays Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Certification Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Nexstar Media Group Distribution Partners Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement In-depth look at scam trends this Thursday Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Feds shutter all Georgia BestBank branches after bank fails - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Feds shutter all Georgia BestBank branches after bank fails Posted: Monday, May 8, 2017 12:35 PM EDT Updated: Monday, May 8, 2017 12:36 PM EDT Jonathan Andrews ATLANTA, GA -- Guaranty Bank, known as BestBank in Georgia, will close 107 branches in retail stores after the company closed by the Office of the Comptroller of the Currency on Friday. A statement on the bank's website says no advance notice is given to the public when a bank is closed. Deposit accounts have been transferred to First-Citizens Bank. The website says the company's branches inside retail outlets will not reopen. The branches of the bank in Georgia fall into that category and are mainly located in Kroger and Walmart Stores in metro Atlanta. Those with accounts still have access to them through the online banking portals. The FDIC warns account holders to watch out for phishing schemes, account holders won't be notified to claim, unlock or unsuspend their accounts or to provide any information to any agency or the bank. Over the weekend, all depositors of Guaranty Bank can access their money by writing checks or using ATM or debit cards. Checks will continue to be processed. Loan customers should continue to make their payments as usual, the FDIC said. Depositors with accounts at the branches not reopening can continue to use electronic means for conducting their banking business, including online and mobile banking. ATM machines on-site at the branches in retail outlets will not work. Below is the list of branches in Georgia that won't reopen. WGCL TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
This web site uses cookies to improve your experience. By viewing our content, you are accepting the use of cookies. To find out more and change your cookie settings, please view our cookie policy. Edition: Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Go Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps more Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Newsletters All Writers Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out Go Menu Videos Smart City Windows 10 Cloud Innovation Security DevOps Data Centers Thought Leadership Apple Mobility IoT Enterprise Software Hardware See All Topics White Papers Downloads Reviews Galleries Videos Log In to ZDNET Join ZDNet About ZDNet Manage Profile Newsletters Author Alerts Discussion Alerts Recent Activity Log Out us Asia Australia Europe India United Kingdom United States ZDNet around the globe: ZDNet Belgium ZDNet China ZDNet France ZDNet Germany ZDNet Korea ZDNet Japan Canonical starts IPO path Canonical founder Mark Shuttleworth reveals the reason for recent changes with the powerhouse Ubuntu Linux company were to prepare it for an IPO. By Steven J. Vaughan-Nichols for Linux and Open Source | May 8, 2017 -- 16:35 GMT (09:35 PDT) | Topic: Cloud At OpenStack Summit, Canonical and Ubuntu founder Mark Shuttleworth revealed in an interview that the recent changes in the Linux and cloud power were to ready Canonical for an IPO. In early April, Shuttleworth announced Ubuntu Linux was ending its " investment in Unity8, the phone and convergence shell." Ubuntu had long been a cloud power, and it's been building its Internet of Things (IoT) reputation. Soon thereafter, Canonical CEO Jane Silber announced she was stepping down and that Shuttleworth would return as CEO. Cloud TV How business leaders are embracing cloud services The cloud is disrupting traditional operating models for IT departments and entire organizations. Read More These moves were all being made to start Canonical on its road to an IPO. Canonical has been doing well. As Silber said recently, " Ubuntu has industry adoption that is both broad and deep. Companies such as Walmart, Netflix, and eBay build their infrastructure on Ubuntu. Telcos such as Deutsche Telekom, AT&T, and NTT build their next-generation telecom capabilities on Ubuntu." Canonical was doing well with Ubuntu and cloud and container-related technologies, such as Juju, LXD, and Metal-as-a-Service (MaaS). In addition, its OpenStack and Kubernetes software stacks, according to Shuttleworth, are growing by leaps and bounds on both the public and private cloud. Shuttleworth said "in the last year, Ubuntu cloud growth had been 70 percent on the private cloud and 90 percent on the public cloud." In particular, "Ubuntu has been gaining more customers on the big five public clouds." What hadn't succeeded was Canonical's attempt to make Unity the universal interface for desktops, tablets, and smartphones. Shuttleworth was personally invested in this project, but at day's end, it wasn't getting enough adoption to make it profitable. Mark Shuttleworth is going to be taking Canonical, Ubuntu Linux's parent company. public. So, Shuttleworth said with regret, Unity had to be dropped. Still, he continued, "Canonical will do everything we can to support the community Unity developers. We will make their lives easier." As for Canonical's decision to support GNOME as its default desktop, "We're no longer trying to create our own interface. We'll support the existing ones -- KDE, MATE, Lxde -- but while all these desktops are great, GNOME presents the least change for users." This move also means Canonical will devote more of its time to "putting the company on the path to a IPO. We must figure out what steps we need to take moving forward." That means focusing on Canonical's most profitable lines. Specifically, "Ubuntu will never die. Ubuntu is the default platform on cloud computing. Juju, MaaS, and OpenStack are nearly unstoppable. We need to work out more of our IoT path. At the same time, we had to cut out those parts that couldn't meet an investors' needs. The immediate work is get all parts of the company profitable." This isn't the first time Shuttleworth has considered an IPO for his privately-owned company. He considered it in 2015 as well. The difference is now he's removed the parts of the company -- Unity and related issues -- that were costing Canonical over eight figures a year. Its OpenStack cloud division has been profitable, said Shuttleworth, since 2015. Still, there is "no timeline for the IPO." First, Shuttleworth wants all parts of the slimmed down Canonical to be profitable. Then "we will take a round of investment." After that, Canonical will go public. How long will this take? Shuttleworth only said it "will be sooner rather than later." Related Stories: Canonical CEO Jane Silber resigns Ubuntu switches to GNOME desktop and gives up smartphone hopes Canonical extends Ubuntu 12.04 support for paying customer Join Discussion Powered by Livefyre Add your Comment Related Stories Cloud Deloitte acquires Strut to add DevOps capability to its cloud consulting service Cloud ​Red Hat OpenStack Platform 11 released Cloud ​OpenStack: Costs less, does more Cloud Virtustream launches Healthcare Cloud × Thank You Please review our terms of service to complete your newsletter subscription I agree to the Terms of Use, Privacy Policy and Video Services Policy. I understand I will receive a complimentary subscription to TechRepublic's News and Special Offers newsletter, and the Daily Digest newsletter (you can opt out at any time). ACCEPT & CLOSE Newsletters You have been successfully signed up. To sign up for more newsletters or to manage your account, visit the Newsletter Subscription Center. See All See All ZDNet Connect with us © 2017 CBS Interactive. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | Cookies | Ad Choice | Advertise | Terms of Use | Mobile User Agreement Visit other CBS Interactive sites: Select SiteCBS CaresCBS FilmsCBS RadioCBS.comCBSInteractiveCBSNews.comCBSSports.comChowhoundCNETCollege NetworksGameSpotLast.fmMaxPrepsMetacritic.comMoneywatchmySimonRadio.comSearch.comShopper.comShowtimeTechRepublicThe InsiderTV.comUrbanBaby.comZDNet Topics All Authors Galleries Videos Sponsored Narratives About ZDNet Meet The Team Site Map RSS Feeds Reprint Policy Manage | Log Out Log In to ZDNET | Join ZDNet Membership Newsletters Site Assistance
null
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home Shows All Staff Schedule Bernadette Lee Rob Kirkpatrick Brandon Comeaux Listen Listen Live Get the KPEL App Events Full Calendar Submit an Event News Junkies Sign Up Contests KPEL Contest Rules VIP Support Win Stuff Contact Us Help & Contact Info Send Feedback Advertise Experts Acadian Total Security Audio Video Innovators Coccolare Spa Eagle Pest Control and Chemical GMFS Mr Electric National Foundation Repair Piggly Wiggly Reeds Metals Theriot Family Dental Care Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram Tip Us Noteworthy: KPEL App Golden Gloves Boxing Cajun Heartland State Fair Wingin’ It Wednesday Legal Authority Lafayette Live Gas Prices Crime Lafayette City Marshals Assist Blind Woman In Store [VIDEO] By Chris Reed May 8, 2017 11:31 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter The Lafayette City Marshal’s Office recently assisted a woman who is blind in a store after they arrested two people helping her shop. The marshals office recently responded to a tip that two people they were looking for were at the Walmart location on the thruway. Upon arrival, they arrested the two people that were wanted. However, those arrested were with their neighbor, who is blind, at the store. They apparently took her to shop at Walmart and were assisting her in the store when they were arrested. Once the marshals were aware of the situation, they assisted the woman in her shopping and even drove her home after she was done shopping. We often hear of all the negativity surrounding police, but there are so many good stories of police helping others and here is one of those stories—from our own backyard. Job well-done!! NEXT: SHAQUILLE O'NEAL SAYS THAT HE WANTS TO ONE DAY BE A SHERIFF, WATCH HERE   Filed Under: police Category: Acadiana News | Local News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of KPEL 96.5 New Concert Series at Acadian Village Kicks Off May 13 Mr. Vic Kilchrist, “The Peanut Man” Passes Away Winn-Dixie Closing Three South Louisiana Stores Lafayette City Marshals Assist Blind Woman In Store [VIDEO] Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Staff Bernadette Lee Rob Kirkpatrick Steve Peloquin Moon Griffon Rush Limbaugh Carol Ross Shannon Wilkerson Brandon Comeaux Mark Levin George Noory Kim Komando KPEL 96.5 FM on Facebook Join Now Sign up to get exclusive access to VIP events, contests, coupons, giveaways, presales and much more Sign Up Now MOST RECENT STORIES How Many UL Softball Players Will Be Named To All-SBC Team? Suit Filed To Keep Beauregard Statue In Place, Claiming It’s Not Owned By New Orleans Alabama Company Settles Suit Over Hiring Bias In Louisiana FEMA Looking To Hire Workers To Help With Disaster Recovery Bill Requiring Traffic Stop Training During Driver’s Ed Moves To Full House EEO Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Lafayette Business Listings Welcome back to News Junkies It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to News Junkies It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://kpel965.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to News Junkies (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here News Junkies brought to you by: Sign up for News Junkies Register Now Sign up for News Junkies quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! News Junkies brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive News Junkies contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook News Junkies brought to you by: News Talk 96.5 KPEL Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Movies & TV Science & Tech Big on the Internet Store Videos Comics Space Gaming Contributors About Search Menu Subscribe Login We're Anxious About 13 Reasons Why Being Renewed for Season 2 Tainted Love: Fetishizing Disability in Yaoi Manga Ten Count SNL's Star Trek Sketch Less Progressive in 2017 The Internet Is Loving Sally Yates Handing Senators Their Asses TWS: Spider-Man Tom Holland Performing Rihanna's 'Umbrella' Will Change Your Life It’s Time to Talk About the Second Episode of American Gods by Kaila Hale-Stern | 12:42 pm, May 8th, 2017   Last night was American Gods‘ second episode, “The Secret of Spoons,” and we met a lot of crucial players. We were introduced to Mr. Nancy in TV’s most fiery scene, saw Gillian Anderson in her fab debut as Media, and learned about Slavic mythology when we feast with the Zorya sisters and of course, Czernobog. This was a packed episode, so let’s get down to the business of unpacking it. Spoilers for American Gods episode 2. First, there was Shadow boxing up the house he shared with Laura, which he does quickly and efficiently—and furiously, once he makes himself look at Laura’s phone and sees a sext from Robbie, which would appear to confirm that their affair was long-running. Ricky Whittle breaks my damned heart with his stoic-yet-beautifully-tortured face. Shadow and Mr. Wednesday get the hell out of Indiana, but not before Shadow explores the most American of holy places: a giant Walmart-esque superstore, where he encounters Gillian Anderson’s Media as she takes over the television dressed as Lucy Ricardo from I Love Lucy. I, personally, have been in love with Gillian Anderson since I was 12 years old and even though she only has a few minutes with Shadow, she absolutely kills it. She’s persuasive, seductive and menacing at the same time. I’m putting my money on Media in this whole battle between Gods old and new. Speaking of old Gods, we encounter some of the most ancient with the Zorya sisters and Czernobog, who in Slavic mythos is termed “the black God” but little is known about what role he played in the pantheon. As such, that opened the door for him to be portrayed as “the God of evil,” per American Gods‘ marketing, but Czernobog as depicted is far more complex—a downtrodden, bitter, wasted god of killing who is kept afloat by his job at a slaughterhouse. As played by the excellent in every way Peter Stormare, he’s both terrifying and comedic, and exactly as I pictured him when I read Neil Gaiman’s novel. Equally on-point was grand dame Cloris Leachman as Zorya Vechernayaya, the “evening star” guardian goddess. She stole every scene she was in and more than held her own against Ian McShane’s Mr. Wednesday—or Wotan, as Czernobog likes to call him (maybe there weren’t any mythology books in the prison library when Shadow was doing all that reading?). Basically, this whole episode was a masterclass in acting. We left Shadow having lost his checkers game to Czernobog, who’s ready to bash out his brains come morning. And that, my friends, is how you craft a cliffhanger. So what did you think? Are you still on board the American Gods train, or did the second episode derail you? Tell me in the comments. Want more stories like this? Become a subscriber and support the site! —The Mary Sue has a strict comment policy that forbids, but is not limited to, personal insults toward anyone, hate speech, and trolling.— (image: Starz) Follow The Mary Sue Follow @TheMarySue Like us on Facebook filed under American Gods, Cloris Leachman, Gillian Anderson, Ian McShane, Peter Stormare, Ricky Whittle, Starz, the secret of the spoons What's Popular This Handmaid’s Tale Sketch Perfectly Illustrates How Privilege Works Guess What Happened to Pepe the Frog on Free Comic Book Day… This Was Not the Wonder Woman Marketing We Were Asking For The Internet Is Loving Sally Yates Handing Republican Senators Their Asses Chris Pine Has A Song to Help You Remember “Which Chris is Which” in Modern Superhero Movies Tips Have a tip or story idea? Email us. Or to keep it anonymous, click here. « Previous Post Next Post » © 2017 The Mary Sue, LLC | About Us | Advertise | Subscription FAQ | Privacy | User Agreement | Disclaimer | Contact |  RSS Dan Abrams, Founder Mediaite The Mary Sue RunwayRiot LawNewz Gossip Cop
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Amazon.com Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amazon.com Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Choice Hotels International Inc (CHH) Announces Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.02 EPS Intra-Cellular Therapies Inc (ITCI) Price Target Cut to $29.00 by Analysts at Cantor Fitzgerald Neurocrine Biosciences, Inc. (NBIX) PT Raised to $70.00 William Blair Reaffirms Outperform Rating for Acacia Communications, Inc. (ACIA) Jefferies Group LLC Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Edison International (EIX) Somewhat Favorable News Coverage Somewhat Likely to Impact Antero Resources Corp (AR) Stock Price ArQule (ARQL) Earning Somewhat Positive Media Coverage, Analysis Finds Chegg Inc (CHGG) Issues Quarterly Earnings Results, Beats Expectations By $0.03 EPS Charter Communications, Inc. (CHTR) Earns Buy Rating from Macquarie Anthera Pharmaceuticals (ANTH) Given News Impact Score of -0.02 American Public Education (APEI) Getting Favorable Press Coverage, Analysis Finds Lumber Liquidators Holdings’ (LL) “Hold” Rating Reaffirmed at Stifel Nicolaus Commercial Vehicle Group’s (CVGI) Buy Rating Reaffirmed at Seaport Global Securities Somewhat Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Amazon.com (AMZN) Share Price Camping World Holdings Inc (CWH) Posts Earnings Results Ubiquiti Networks’ (UBNT) Hold Rating Reaffirmed at Deutsche Bank AG Sumitomo Mitsui Asset Management Company LTD Buys 2,588 Shares of Level 3 Communications, Inc. (LVLT) Cottage Street Advisors LLC Sells 4,300 Shares of Kinder Morgan Inc (KMI) Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Invests $232,000 in VMware, Inc. (VMW) Beck Mack & Oliver LLC Continues to Hold Stake in EOG Resources Inc (EOG) Somewhat Positive News Coverage Likely to Affect Amazon.com (AMZN) Share Price May 8th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Stacy Sanders Filed Under: Finance - News Sentiment Articles Tweet News coverage about Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) has been trending somewhat positive on Monday, AlphaOne reports. The research group, a division of Accern, identifies positive and negative media coverage by reviewing more than 20 million news and blog sources in real time. AlphaOne ranks coverage of public companies on a scale of negative one to positive one, with scores nearest to one being the most favorable. Amazon.com earned a media sentiment score of 0.17 on AlphaOne’s scale. AlphaOne also assigned news stories about the e-commerce giant an impact score of 66 out of 100, meaning that recent media coverage is likely to have an impact on the company’s share price in the next several days. Here are some of the media headlines that may have impacted Alpha One’s rankings: Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Echo Is Dominating the New Smart Speaker Market (investorplace.com) Amazon’s stock bounces sharply, analyst boosts price target (marketwatch.com) Amazon to Control 70% Of the Voice-Activated Speaker Market This Year (finance.yahoo.com) Amazon is the top-dog in the voice-controlled speaker mar… (finance.yahoo.com) Wal-Mart Gains On Amazon; Ferrari Ousts Tesla: Analysts (finance.yahoo.com) Several analysts have recently weighed in on the stock. Morgan Stanley reiterated an “overweight” rating and issued a $950.00 price objective on shares of Amazon.com in a research note on Wednesday, January 18th. Deutsche Bank AG reissued a “buy” rating on shares of Amazon.com in a research report on Friday, February 3rd. JMP Securities set a $950.00 price target on shares of Amazon.com and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research report on Tuesday, January 31st. Royal Bank of Canada reissued an “outperform” rating and issued a $950.00 price target on shares of Amazon.com in a research report on Saturday, January 14th. Finally, MKM Partners reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $995.00 price target on shares of Amazon.com in a research report on Tuesday, February 7th. Four research analysts have rated the stock with a hold rating and forty-six have given a buy rating to the company. The company presently has a consensus rating of “Buy” and a consensus price target of $997.54. Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) traded up 0.6700% on Monday, reaching $940.4085. The company had a trading volume of 1,583,651 shares. The firm has a market capitalization of $449.49 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 177.1014 and a beta of 1.40. The stock’s 50-day moving average price is $894.45 and its 200 day moving average price is $824.30. Amazon.com has a 52-week low of $671.41 and a 52-week high of $954.40. Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, April 27th. The e-commerce giant reported $1.48 earnings per share for the quarter, beating analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.03 by $0.45. The company earned $35.71 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $35.31 billion. Amazon.com had a net margin of 1.74% and a return on equity of 13.87%. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up 22.6% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company posted $1.07 EPS. On average, equities analysts anticipate that Amazon.com will post $6.72 earnings per share for the current fiscal year. In other Amazon.com news, Director Tom A. Alberg sold 590 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $850.00, for a total value of $501,500.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the director now directly owns 22,525 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $19,146,250. The transaction was disclosed in a filing with the SEC, which is accessible through this link. Also, insider David Zapolsky sold 503 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, February 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $850.00, for a total transaction of $427,550.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now directly owns 2,523 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $2,144,550. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last three months, insiders sold 1,002,268 shares of company stock valued at $942,777,179. 17.70% of the stock is currently owned by corporate insiders. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This report was originally published by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of United States and international copyright laws. The original version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/08/somewhat-positive-news-coverage-likely-to-affect-amazon-com-amzn-share-price.html. Amazon.com Company Profile Amazon.com, Inc offers a range of products and services through its Websites. The Company operates through three segments: North America, International and Amazon Web Services (AWS). The North America segment consists of retail sales of consumer products (including from sellers) and subscriptions through North America-focused Websites, such as www.amazon.com, www.amazon.ca and www.amazon.com.mx. Receive News & Ratings for Amazon.com Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Amazon.com Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. Congress Reaches Bipartisan Agreement to Prevent Shutdown President Trump Thought Being President Would Be Easier © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Sports Entertainment Life Obituaries E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive Freeport man accused of stealing from Wal-Mart Monday May 8, 2017 at 10:55 AM May 8, 2017 at 10:55 AM Susan Vela Staff writer @susanvela FREEPORT — Robert Schultz, 45, of the 800 block of West American Street, was arrested Friday on a charge of retail theft over $300 for stealing several items from Wal-Mart over the past year, Freeport Police Deputy Chief Matt Summers said. Schultz was arrested at the police department after he visited the facility on his own accord, Summers said. Police say Schultz stole food, clothing, school supplies, DVD movies and a DVD player between April 1, 2016, and Friday. His bond was set at $5,000. Susan Vela: 815-987-1392; svela@rrstar.com; @susanvela About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Purchase Photos E-Edition Contact Us Gas Prices Submit News Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Advertise With Us Market Place Classifieds Cars Rentals Coupons Community Info City of Freeport Stephenson County Carroll County Ogle County Jo Daviess County Sports iHigh IHSA HighSchoolSports.net Sign up for our Daily Deals Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Journal Standard ~ 50 West Douglas Street #900, Freeport, IL 61032 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Public Safety Government Education Nation & World State 815 Columns Shareable Databases Sports Gridiron (Prep Football) Preps College Professional UPICK'EM Auto Racing Entertainment Advice Life Celebrations Columnists TV Guide Calendar Opinion Our View Freeport Chuck Sweeny Guest Columns Letters Business Obituaries More Photos Videos Calendar Rebuilding Neighborhoods Season of Giving Freeport Favorites Made in NW Illinois RRV Insider TV Book Contests Branded Content Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Propel Marketing Services Advertise With Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
null
Top Local Stories 17-year-old girl shot in head at Chesterfield Township home News Dog shot to death after attacking Detroit officers, running at children near elementary school News Oxford High School students fight suicide stigma with '13 Reasons Why Not' stories News Sterling Heights lawsuit challenges cost, responsibility for Fraser sinkhole fix News Roseville police believe 4-year-old girl's death was no accident News Metro Detroit weather: Temperatures drop overnight before warmup Weather Police locate family of 3-year-old boy found wandering streets of Eastpointe News Detroit school evacuated after suspected explosives found by maintenance worker News 2 inmates die of prescription drug overdoses in Macomb County Jail Defenders Top Stories India has 'incredible' potential. So why hasn't Warren Buffett invested? There's 'a lot of buying power' By RISHI IYENGAR Posted: 9:23 AM, May 08, 2017 Updated: 10:33 AM, May 08, 2017 Alex Wong/Getty Images More Top Stories Headlines Warren Buffett on GOP health care bill: 'A huge tax cut for guys like me' 'I blew it': Warren Buffett laments missing out on Google 'Huge, huge, huge error': Warren Buffett on Wells Fargo's handling of… Warren Buffett talks IBM, airlines, Apple at annual meeting Warren Buffett says he dumped a third of his IBM stock NEW DELHI (CNNMoney) - India just got a ringing endorsement from the world's most famous investor. "I think the potential for India is incredible," Warren Buffett said in an interview with Indian news channel ET Now on Monday, describing the South Asian nation as a "huge, enormous market." The Berkshire Hathaway chairman, also known as the Oracle of Omaha, said he'd immediately "hop on a plane" to India if the right investment opportunity came up. "If you tell me a wonderful company in India that might be available for sale, I'll be there tomorrow," he said. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has tried to smooth the way for foreign investors such as Buffett, but there are still many hurdles standing in their way. Companies such as Walmart and Apple, which both feature in Buffett's huge portfolio, have thus far failed to open their own stores in the country. Berkshire set up operations in India when Buffett visited in 2011, selling insurance online in a partnership with Indian firm Bajaj Allianz. But the firm reportedly exited that partnership two years later, citing excessive regulation. Buffett mentioned those hurdles again on Monday, particularly one that prevents foreign firms from fully owning companies in India. "Sometimes there have been restrictive laws in terms of the percentage we can own, and that's a disadvantage," he said. "We would like to own 100% of any business that we run." Modi has tried to make it easier to do business, but many of his big reforms -- such as a uniform national tax system that is yet to be implemented -- have fallen short of expectations. Another famous investor, Jim Rogers, sold all his Indian shares in 2015 after getting tired of waiting for change. "You can't just invest on hope," he said in an interview with Indian newspaper Livemint at the time. Buffett says the country's huge population and rapidly growing middle class is too big to ignore. "It's a lot of people with a lot of buying power," he said. "You can't have a billion people and not be important to this world." Copyright 2017 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending https://www.clickondetroit.com
India has 'incredible' potential. So why hasn't Warren Buffett i - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases India has 'incredible' potential. So why hasn't Warren Buffett invested? Posted: Monday, May 8, 2017 9:35 AM EDT Updated: Monday, May 8, 2017 10:35 AM EDT By Rishi Iyengar NEW DELHI (CNNMoney) -- India just got a ringing endorsement from the world's most famous investor. "I think the potential for India is incredible," Warren Buffett said in an interview with Indian news channel ET Now on Monday, describing the South Asian nation as a "huge, enormous market." The Berkshire Hathaway chairman, also known as the Oracle of Omaha, said he'd immediately "hop on a plane" to India if the right investment opportunity came up. "If you tell me a wonderful company in India that might be available for sale, I'll be there tomorrow," he said. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has tried to smooth the way for foreign investors such as Buffett, but there are still many hurdles standing in their way. Companies such as Walmart and Apple, which both feature in Buffett's huge portfolio, have thus far failed to open their own stores in the country. Berkshire set up operations in India when Buffett visited in 2011, selling insurance online in a partnership with Indian firm Bajaj Allianz. But the firm reportedly exited that partnership two years later, citing excessive regulation. Buffett mentioned those hurdles again on Monday, particularly one that prevents foreign firms from fully owning companies in India. "Sometimes there have been restrictive laws in terms of the percentage we can own, and that's a disadvantage," he said. "We would like to own 100% of any business that we run." Modi has tried to make it easier to do business, but many of his big reforms -- such as a uniform national tax system that is yet to be implemented -- have fallen short of expectations. Another famous investor, Jim Rogers, sold all his Indian shares in 2015 after getting tired of waiting for change. "You can't just invest on hope," he said in an interview with Indian newspaper Livemint at the time. Buffett says the country's huge population and rapidly growing middle class is too big to ignore. "It's a lot of people with a lot of buying power," he said. "You can't have a billion people and not be important to this world." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Business News / India has ‘incredible’ potential. So why hasn’t Warren Buffett invested? India has ‘incredible’ potential. So why hasn’t Warren Buffett invested? Posted on Monday, May 8, 2017 by CNN in Business News India just got a ringing endorsement from the world’s most famous investor. “I think the potential for India is incredible,” Warren Buffett said in an interview with Indian news channel ET Now on Monday, describing the South Asian nation as a “huge, enormous market.” The Berkshire Hathaway chairman, also known as the Oracle of Omaha, said he’d immediately “hop on a plane” to India if the right investment opportunity came up. “If you tell me a wonderful company in India that might be available for sale, I’ll be there tomorrow,” he said. Indian Prime Minister Narendra Modi has tried to smooth the way for foreign investors such as Buffett, but there are still many hurdles standing in their way. Companies such as Walmart and Apple, which both feature in Buffett’s huge portfolio, have thus far failed to open their own stores in the country. Berkshire set up operations in India when Buffett visited in 2011, selling insurance online in a partnership with Indian firm Bajaj Allianz. But the firm reportedly exited that partnership two years later, citing excessive regulation. Buffett mentioned those hurdles again on Monday, particularly one that prevents foreign firms from fully owning companies in India. “Sometimes there have been restrictive laws in terms of the percentage we can own, and that’s a disadvantage,” he said. “We would like to own 100% of any business that we run.” Modi has tried to make it easier to do business, but many of his big reforms — such as a uniform national tax system that is yet to be implemented — have fallen short of expectations. Another famous investor, Jim Rogers, sold all his Indian shares in 2015 after getting tired of waiting for change. “You can’t just invest on hope,” he said in an interview with Indian newspaper Livemint at the time. Buffett says the country’s huge population and rapidly growing middle class is too big to ignore. “It’s a lot of people with a lot of buying power,” he said. “You can’t have a billion people and not be important to this world.” Sinclair to buy Tribune Media in $3.9 billion deal Coach buying Kate Spade in $2.4 billion deal Related Posts Politico opening up in new states Facebook building tech to help you to type with your brain and ‘hear’ with your skin ‘Game of Thrones’ season finale sets stage for epic march toward finish Ben & Jerry’s grants fans dairy-free wish Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
View All MailComposeAOL Mail Menu Visit Amazon Visit Amazon Visit Ebay Visit Ebay Sign up Options Account Info Home News Sport Money Entertainment Living Travel Cars Games Weather Change Location| Read Mail Horoscopes Games AOL Favourites UK Politics World Featured HuffPost Football F1 Cricket Rugby Union Other Sports News Property Mortgages House Prices Home Insurance Retirement Pensions Banking & Savings Savings & ISAs Credit Cards Loans Current Accounts Compare Credit Check Money Saving Tips Bills Debt Shopping & Deals Deals Travel & Work Holidays Motoring Career Commuting Consumer Rights Investing Stock Quotes Guides Compare Finance Products Celebrity TV Film Music Fun & Viral Huffington Post Health Food Animals & Pets Relationships Horoscopes Huffington Post Holiday Ideas Travel guides Inspire & entertain me Travel News UK Travel World Travel Win Australia News Reviews Green Features Car Photos Arcade Card Strategy Word Quizzes All Games Games Help AOL App Favourites Browser Upgrade AOL Desktop Free eMail My Account Safety & Security Toolbar PC Checkup Home 2 under-the-radar growth stocks with huge upside potential By The Motley Fool  8 May 2017, 12:13 Updated: 8 May 2017, 12:31 - Ensuring concrete floors are laid laser-level is not the most exciting business in the world, but shareholders of Somero Enterprises (LSE: SOM) certainly don't care because they've seen the value of their shares grow over 1,300% in the past five years alone. And with a major competitive advantage over rivals, a huge potential market size and very capable long-standing management team the future is bright for this fast growing small cap. The key to the company's success lies in its revolutionary Laser Screed machine it patented in 1986 that ensures concrete floors are laid incredibly level. This may seem mundane but it is critical for the warehouses of end users such as Amazon, Wal-Mart and Tesco as it increases efficiency, lowers maintenance costs and lessens the risk of catastrophic failure such as huge shelving units falling over. Having pioneered this technology, Somero has built upon its first-mover advantage by continually inventing and patenting better machines and promising customers 24/7 global support from engineers in any major language as well as on-site training and next day in-person support across the globe. This has made the company the Rolls Royce of concrete levelling and built it a huge moat to entry against competitors that has stood for over 30 years. The growth prospects for the business are also quite impressive. In 2016 $56.6m of the company's $79.4m in sales came from its home territory of North America and even in this relatively more saturated market the company increased sales by 15% year-on-year. With sales in other huge markets such as Europe and China accounting for only $8m and $6.4m in sales in 2016 it is clear there is space to grow many times over as the company brings on new sales staff to target these regions. While investing in AIM-listed small caps can be worrying for some investors, Somero's corporate governance mechanisms and its CEO, who has been at the helm for 20 years of rapid but sustainable growth, reassure me greatly. There's also the company's healthy balance sheet with $20m in net cash, EBITDA margins that rose to 31% in 2016 and continued focus on prioritising customers rather than short-term investors. Add in a sane valuation of 14 times forward earnings and a respectable 2.77% dividend yield and Somero is a company I believe has great prospects. Translating growth into high shareholder returns  A slightly larger, but still relatively unknown, company with similar prospects is patent translator RWS (LSE: RWS). The company works with some of the biggest pharmaceutical makers, law firms, manufacturers and banks to file patents in multiple jurisdictions and accurately translate critical commercial documents and regulatory submissions. This business has been growing at a steady clip in recent years as companies scramble to protect their intellectual property in many markets at once. On top of steady organic growth the company has bolstered its position through major acquisitions, with two purchases of over $70m in the past year alone. This helped boost sales in the half to March by 33.6% year-on-year to a record £76m and pre-tax profits by a similar amount to £19m. While the company's shares are pricey at 26 times forward earnings I'll be following the company closely thanks to great growth prospects and a balance sheet that provides firepower for further acquisitions. If RWS's lofty valuation is a bit too lofty for your taste, I recommend reading the Motley Fool's free report on one Top Small Cap that is trading at just 8 times earnings. This low valuation comes despite a stellar record of four straight years of double-digits earnings growth. To discover this high growth value stock for yourself, simply follow this link for your free, no obligation copy of the report. Ian Pierce has no position in any shares mentioned. The Motley Fool UK owns shares of and has recommended Amazon. The Motley Fool UK has recommended Somero Enterprises, Inc. Views expressed on the companies mentioned in this article are those of the writer and therefore may differ from the official recommendations we make in our subscription services such as Share Advisor, Hidden Winners and Pro. Here at The Motley Fool we believe that considering a diverse range of insights makes us better investors. Suggest a correction Let us send you our Newsletter Our editors will email you a roundup of their favourite stories from across AOL Sign up using your AOL email or use different address FOLLOW US RECOMMENDED EBAY PRODUCTS (20) Explore Today's Featured Collections SHOP NOW The Jungle Book Mowgli Baloo Bear Disney... The Jungle Book Mowgli Baloo Bear... £6.49 New Diamond Bling Magnetic Flip Leather Wallet... New Diamond Bling Magnetic Flip... £2.99 STUFF4 Phone Case/Back Cover for Lenovo K3... STUFF4 Phone Case/Back Cover for... £5.90 Star Wars iPod Touch 4th, 5th & 6th... Star Wars iPod Touch 4th, 5th... £5.49 Luxury Armor Shockproof Combination Hard Case... Luxury Armor Shockproof... £3.98 HEAD CASE FAMOUS ANIMALS SILICONE GEL CASE FOR... HEAD CASE FAMOUS ANIMALS SILICONE... £4.95 Leather Wallet Flip Stand Case Cover with Card... Leather Wallet Flip Stand Case... £4.09 Pokemon Go - Plastic Phone Case Cover For... Pokemon Go - Plastic Phone Case... £4.45 TEEN WOLF/DEREK/SCOTT/CHARACTERS HARD PHONE... TEEN WOLF/DEREK/SCOTT/CHARACTERS... £4.79 Cable for iphone 6 7 3in1 Type-C Micro USB IOS... Cable for iphone 6 7 3in1 Type-C... £3.59 HEAD CASE DESIGNS DOSES OF NONSENSE HARD BACK... HEAD CASE DESIGNS DOSES OF... £4.95 HEAD CASE DESIGNS NOSTALGIC ROSE PATTERNS HARD... HEAD CASE DESIGNS NOSTALGIC ROSE... £4.95 PU Leather Belt Pouchs cover case for Phone... PU Leather Belt Pouchs cover case... £3.69 Wallet Magnetic Patterned Flip Leather Stand... Wallet Magnetic Patterned Flip... £3.09 HEAD CASE DESIGNS MANDALA TRENDY MIX HARD BACK... HEAD CASE DESIGNS MANDALA TRENDY... £2.45 Microsoft Lumia 640 Dual SIM Printed Pattern... Microsoft Lumia 640 Dual SIM... £5.45 Flip Folio Wallet Leather Stand Magnetic Case... Flip Folio Wallet Leather Stand... £3.39 For Apple iPhone 6/6S Plus [5.5] Hybrid TUFF... For Apple iPhone 6/6S Plus [5.5]... £7.41 Sports Jogging Running Gym Armband Phone... Sports Jogging Running Gym Armband... £2.16 Leather 360° Rotating Stand Cover Case For EE... Leather 360° Rotating Stand Cover... £4.99 Tags: growth investing, Investing Articles, RWS Holdings, Somero Enterprises - SPONSORED FINANCIAL CONTENT More from the web Most WatchedBy Gravity You might also like... Conversation ( ) Login Search Markets Europe US Global Currencies CAC 40 5,382.95 -49.45 -0.91% DAX 12,694.55 -22.34 -0.18% NASDAQ 6,102.6597 +1.9018 +0.03% DJI 21,012.28 +5.34 +0.03% DOW 62.37 -0.72 -1.14% S&P 500 2,399.38 +0.09 +0.00% NIKKEI 225 19,843.00 -52.70 -0.26% Hang Seng 24,748.14 +170.23 +0.69% GBP (PER EUR) 1.186 +0.0017 +0.15% GBP (PER USD) 1.2936 -0.0004 -0.03% GBP (PER JPY) 146.78 +0.2825 +0.19% GBP (PER CHF) 1.2936 +0.002 +0.16% Get Quote Read More Competitions Free brochures Editor's picks What not to say in an interview Common social media scams Kit your garden out for less Most collectible 50p designs Currency Converter Albanian Lek Algerian Dinar Argentine Peso Australian Dollar Azerbaijani Manat Bahamian Dollar Baharaini Dinar Bangladeshi Taka Barbadian Dollar Belarusian Ruble Belize Dollar Bermudian Dollar Bitcoin Bolivian Boliviano Bosnian Convertible Marka Botswana Pula Brazilian Real Brunei Dollar Bulgarian Lev Burundian Franc Cambodian Riel Canadian Dollar Cape Verdean Escudo Cayman Islands Dollar Central African CFA Franc Chilean Peso Chinese Yuan Colombian Peso Costa Rican Colón Croatian Kuna Cuban Peso Czech Koruna Danish Krone Djiboutian Franc Dominican Peso East Caribbean Dollar Egyptian Pound Emirati Dirham Ethiopian Birr Euro Fijian Dollar French Pacific Franc Georgian Lari Ghana Cedi Guatemalan Quetzal Guinean Franc Haitian Gourde Honduran Lempira Hong Kong Dollar Hungarian Forint Icelandic Krona Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Iraqi Dinar Jamaican Dollar Japanese Yen Jordanian Dinar Kazakhstani Tenge Kenyan Shilling Kuwaiti Dinar Lao Kip Latvian Lats Lebanese Pound Lesotho Loti Libyan Dinar Lithuanian Litas Macanese Pataca Macedonian Denar Malagasy Ariary Malawian Kwacha Malaysian Ringgit Mauritanian Ouguiya Mauritian Rupee Mexican Peso Moldovan Leu Moroccan Dirham Mozambican Metical Mynamar Kyat Namibian Dollar Nepalese Rupee New Israeli Sheqel New Zealand Dollar Nicaraguan Córdoba Nigerian Naira Norwegian Krone Omani Rial Pakistan Rupee Panamanian Balboa Papua New Guinean Kina Paraguayan Guaraní Peruvian Nuevo Sol Polish Zloty Pound Sterling Qatari Rial Romanian Leu Russian Ruble Rwandan Franc Sao Tomean Dobra Saudi Riyal Serbian Dinar Seychellois Rupee Singapore Dollar Slovak Koruna South African Rand South Korean Won Sri Lankan Rupee Sudanese Pound Swazi Lilangeni Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Taiwan Dollar Tanzanian Shilling Thai Baht Trinidad and Tobago Dollar Tunisian Dinar Turkish Lira Ugandan Shilling Ukrainian Hryvnia Uruguayan Peso US Dollar Uzbekistani Som Venezuelan Bolívar Vietnamese Dong West African CFA Franc Albanian Lek Algerian Dinar Argentine Peso Australian Dollar Azerbaijani Manat Bahamian Dollar Baharaini Dinar Bangladeshi Taka Barbadian Dollar Belarusian Ruble Belize Dollar Bermudian Dollar Bitcoin Bolivian Boliviano Bosnian Convertible Marka Botswana Pula Brazilian Real Brunei Dollar Bulgarian Lev Burundian Franc Cambodian Riel Canadian Dollar Cape Verdean Escudo Cayman Islands Dollar Central African CFA Franc Chilean Peso Chinese Yuan Colombian Peso Costa Rican Colón Croatian Kuna Cuban Peso Czech Koruna Danish Krone Djiboutian Franc Dominican Peso East Caribbean Dollar Egyptian Pound Emirati Dirham Ethiopian Birr Euro Fijian Dollar French Pacific Franc Georgian Lari Ghana Cedi Guatemalan Quetzal Guinean Franc Haitian Gourde Honduran Lempira Hong Kong Dollar Hungarian Forint Icelandic Krona Indian Rupee Indonesian Rupiah Iraqi Dinar Jamaican Dollar Japanese Yen Jordanian Dinar Kazakhstani Tenge Kenyan Shilling Kuwaiti Dinar Lao Kip Latvian Lats Lebanese Pound Lesotho Loti Libyan Dinar Lithuanian Litas Macanese Pataca Macedonian Denar Malagasy Ariary Malawian Kwacha Malaysian Ringgit Mauritanian Ouguiya Mauritian Rupee Mexican Peso Moldovan Leu Moroccan Dirham Mozambican Metical Mynamar Kyat Namibian Dollar Nepalese Rupee New Israeli Sheqel New Zealand Dollar Nicaraguan Córdoba Nigerian Naira Norwegian Krone Omani Rial Pakistan Rupee Panamanian Balboa Papua New Guinean Kina Paraguayan Guaraní Peruvian Nuevo Sol Polish Zloty Pound Sterling Qatari Rial Romanian Leu Russian Ruble Rwandan Franc Sao Tomean Dobra Saudi Riyal Serbian Dinar Seychellois Rupee Singapore Dollar Slovak Koruna South African Rand South Korean Won Sri Lankan Rupee Sudanese Pound Swazi Lilangeni Swedish Krona Swiss Franc Taiwan Dollar Tanzanian Shilling Thai Baht Trinidad and Tobago Dollar Tunisian Dinar Turkish Lira Ugandan Shilling Ukrainian Hryvnia Uruguayan Peso US Dollar Uzbekistani Som Venezuelan Bolívar Vietnamese Dong West African CFA Franc Go powered by AOL Search Let us send you our Newsletter Our editors will email you a roundup of their favourite stories from across AOL Sign up using your AOL email or use different address FOLLOW US Follow AOL Money facebook twitter rss gplus Most Popular on AOL AOLMoney AOL Newsletter. Roundups of the best across AOL, hand picked by our editors and delivered to your inbox. Sign up using your AOL email Use different address About AOL Contact AOL UK Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Feedback Advertising Contact Help RSS AOL App About Our Ads Follow AOL: © 2017 AOL (UK) Limited its affiliates and licensors
Skip to main content Home Subscription Obits Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted Best of Topeka 2017 Biz Directory Jail mugs MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home Best of Topeka 2017 E-Edition Obituaries News News All headlines Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Elections 2016 Calendar of Events Weather Featured Police searching for two males armed with machetes after carjacking at S.W. 8th and Topeka USD 345 board moves forward with preschool curriculum Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Rec Calendar Hy-Vee Hoopla Bracket Challenge Featured Washburn Rural claims Centennial League title with win over Topeka High 19-year-old Garden City Community College football player found dead Lifestyle Life At Home Food & Drink Religion Arts & Entertainment Connected Celebrations Place an Announcement Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Featured Visit Topeka expands Tourism Week, begins Sunday with scavenger hunt campaign Topeka Performing Arts Center announces family-friendly comedy show this fall Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured Editorial: The huge wind boom in Kansas Kathleen Parker: The win-win twins Connect With Us Newspapers in Education Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Facebook alerts Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Classifieds Home Local Business Directory Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Data Databases Home 2016 Retirement Facilities Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Special Topics Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Subscriptions Subscribe Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted May 8, 2017 05:56 am - Updated May 8, 2017 05:29 pm By Justin Wingerter justin.wingerter@cjonline.com Gas prices drop nearly 9 cents in a week across Topeka Cherl Dickeson, of Topeka, fills up her tank early Monday evening. Gasoline prices across Topeka dropped nearly nine cents in the past week. (Katie Moore/The Capital-Journal) In this Thursday, July 16, 2015, file photo, a customer re-fuels her car at a Costco in Robinson Township, Pa. (AP Photo/Gene J. Puskar) Gasoline prices across Topeka dropped nearly nine cents in the past week, remaining 18 cents below the national average as the country approaches the summer driving season. GasBuddy.com, which surveys the 104 gas stations in the capital city, reports the average cost for a gallon of gas is $2.16, 8.8 cents lower than this time last week. The cheapest regular unleaded gas in Topeka on Monday morning was $2.09 per gallon at a Shell station, 4300 S.W. 21st and Moundview Drive. A gallon of gas was $2.10 at a Murphy Express near Walmart on Wanamaker Road and also $2.10 at a Sam’s Club nearby, according to GasBuddy. Historical data shows average gasoline prices on May 8 in Topeka have varied widely from $3.49 in 2012 and $3.45 in 2013 to $1.94 last year and $2.16 this year. “Gasoline prices in much of the country are eroding at a time of year when such a downward fall is anything but par for the course,” said Patrick DeHaan, a senior petroleum analyst for GasBuddy. “Prices now lay on the fringe of falling under the same point as last year as this year’s usual spring rally has been the weakest in recent memory.” Topeka’s gas prices are on par with those in Wichita, which averages $2.16 per gallon, and Kansas City, which averages $2.17 per gallon. They are significantly cheaper than those in Lincoln, Neb., which averages $2.42 per gallon. DeHaan said gas prices should remain low as motorists plan summer road trips, due to weak demand and strong production among Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries members. “The recent drop in crude oil is posing a much more serious threat and OPEC must soon decide how much market share it will sacrifice to keep oil prices higher — clearly the last cut just isn’t enough,” DeHaan said. Advertisement Most Popular News Mon, 05/08/2017 - 14:53 Seven-year-old girl dies after incident at Ramada pool Saturday News Tue, 05/09/2017 - 00:11 Stanley Flowers will close in June after 150 years in Topeka News Tue, 05/09/2017 - 00:04 Car lands on its top after driver mistakenly presses gas, sending it over ledge in S.E. Topeka Local Mon, 05/08/2017 - 21:08 Kansas man gets life term for killing of 7-year-old son, whose remains were found in a pigsty   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Mon, 05/08/2017 - 23:02 Police searching for two males armed with machetes after carjacking at S.W. 8th and Topeka Mon, 05/08/2017 - 22:04 USD 345 board moves forward with preschool curriculum Mon, 05/08/2017 - 21:26 Former Attorney General: Alarm about Russian blackmail led to warning on Flynn Mon, 05/08/2017 - 21:18 10 people, including KU law school grad, nominated by Trump to federal bench A look at the 10 people picked by President Donald Trump for positions on federal courts: Read more Load more Around the Web   Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2017. All Rights Reserved. X
null
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Entertainment More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance English Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Hollywood Hollywood News Previews Specials FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT Movie Reviews Music Music News Music Videos Specials FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT Top 10 FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT Specials Events Events Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Chennai Kolkata Pune Nagpur Lucknow Bhopal Goa Indore Ahmedabad Jaipur Kochi Kanpur Raipur Patna Others Beauty Pageants Photos Videos ALL News Previews Specials News » Entertainment » English » Hollywood » News » Tracy Morgan's 'purpose' is to spread love Lisa Haydon flaunts her baby bump Mona Lisa's romantic holiday It's racist, ignorant: Deepika Celebs crazy obsessions Shahid’s wife Mira fined by cops Nagma met Rajini Baahubali 2 crosses Rs 1000 crore Priyanka’s sexy photoshoot Priyanka reveals why she chose to be a villain in ‘Baywatch’ Katrina Kaif opens up about her Hollywood debut After Deepika, now Priyanka wants her Hollywood co-star Dwayne Johnson to visit India Oscars 2017: Emma Stone wins best actress, Casey Affleck wins best actor Oscars 2017: Priyanka Chopra stuns in white Ralph and Russo gown Vartika Singh feat. Rahat Fateh Ali Khan's Saware song 'La La Land' creates a record at Golden Globes 2017 with seven wins Anushka Sharma, Virat Kohli to get engaged in Dehradun? Tracy Morgan's 'purpose' is to spread love Actor-comedian Tracy Morgan feels his purpose in life is to spread love.PTI | Updated: May 8, 2017, 01.02 PM IST Actor-comedian Tracy Morgan feels his purpose in life is to spread love. The 48-year-old comedian almost died three years ago when a Walmart truck smashed into the limousine he was travelling in and he says the horror crash, which killed his close friend James 'Jimmy' McNair, has given him a new outlook on life. Tracy Morgan to return to New York Comedy Festival Actor Tracy Morgan will return to the New York Comedy Festival after 2011. "It doesn't cost nothing to be nice. I know my purpose in this world is to spread love. I love you and you can't do nothing about it," Morgan said. The star has three sons Gitrid, Malcolm, and Tracy, Jr from his first marriage and two-year-old daughter Maven with wife Megan Woolover. He made an impressive recovery since the horrific ordeal and recently got to meet the man who saved his life by pulling him out of the wreckage. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Thinking of a New Car? You Better Do a New Car Search Search New Car Ads Learn More About the New Acura ILX & Find a Dealer Today Acura Need A Businesses Loans? Find The Best Businesses Loans on.. SearchNow More from The Times of India Harbhajan Mann loves Dilli, Dilli loves Punjabi music! Morgan promises no let-up against Ireland Morgan Stanley drops Vanguard mutual funds From the Web More From The Times of India After 15 Years Of Friendship, This Tiger And Bear Just Sai..OMG LANE Have You Seen These Top Crossover SUVs?Crossover SUV - Sponsored Ads No Couple at the Golden Globes Was Cuter than These TwoLivingly Living With ED? These Things Could Be Causing ItWebMD Definitely The Most Loyal Dog Breeds You Could Ever OwnFrank151 Governor purposely delaying swearing in, alleges Sasikala Budget going to be 'market-neutral': Morgan Stanley Benalouane replaces Leicester City's captain Morgan 'Relative grading for re-exams will beat purpose' Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @TOIEntertain Most Popular 'Baahubali 2' creates history by crossing 1000 crore mark SS Rajamouli's 'Baahubali 2: The Conclusion', starring Prabhas and Rana Daggubati in the leads has grossed Rs 1000 crore at the worldwide box-office within just ten days of its release, according to a report in BoxofficeIndia.com. Arjun Kapoor-Shraddha Kapoor have a blast with Kapil Sharma The leading stars of 'Half Girlfriend', Arjun Kapoor and Shraddha Kapoor had a swell time promoting their upcoming film on the sets of 'The Kapil Sharma Show'. Don't miss Sara Ali Khan's 'Nawaabi' look Topping the look off with a heavy jewellery, Sara strikes a poised pose on a seat with paintings of royals in the backdrop. The 31 best fishing lures of all time Ad: Line and Sight What’s making Varun tired of Jacqueline? Check out the video to know why Bollywood actor Varun Dhawan is annoyed with Jacqueline Fernandez. Salman to launch Katrina's sisters Isabelle and Sonia? If rumours are to be believed, Bollywood actor Salman Khan may launch Katrina Kaif’s sisters Isabelle and Sonia. FacebookTwitter From around the Web New Jersey Landlines Get Replaced (But Not With Cell Phones) Consumer Daily Ads 12 Foods That Help You Fall (and Stay) Asleep! Health Skillet 10+ Bewitching Facts About 'Sabrina The Teenage Witch' Journalistate The Top 20 Most Confusing Mortgage Terms Defined SunTrust More From The Times of India New T20 tournament will not harm county game: Morgan Special purpose vehicle to be registered as a company I love colours and love to paint: Mugdha Godse Read MoreTracy MorganNew YorkJames Jimmy McNairhollywoodgitrid malcolm Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Gal Gadot could not breathe in Wonder Woman costume James Gunn opens up about past suicidal thoughts in lengthy post Jason Momoa: Will Ferrell is a god to me Diane Keaton to be honored with AFI lifetime achievement award 1Tracy Morgan's 'purpose' is to spread love 2Gal Gadot could not breathe in Wonder Woman costume 3James Gunn opens up about past suicidal thoughts in lengthy post 4Jason Momoa: Will Ferrell is a god to me 5Diane Keaton to be honored with AFI lifetime achievement award Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends NBSE Results 2017 Mulayam Singh Yadav Champions Trophy 2017 Champions Trophy squad KKR vs RCB Fodder Scam Nagaland Board Result MBOSE Class 12 Results Kapil Mishra Bahubali 2 Box Office Bahubali 2 Collection Day 8 Bahubali 2 Collection Day 9 services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web NEET Kapil Mishra AAP  Lalu Prasad Yadav Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Baahubali 2 Collection Bahubali 2 Collections Baahubali 2 Records Trending topics Best Sex Positions IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table Best Mehndi Designs French President Sunny Leone Pics xXx Baahubali Collections Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
Skip to main content South China Morning Post Edition: International Hong Kong International Jobs Events Education Courses Newsletters Global Economy Register / Login Search " SIGN UP FOR eNEWSLETTER Main menu Home China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV All South China Morning Post Main menu China HK Asia World Comment Business Tech Life Culture Sport Week in asia Post Mag Style .TV Search " Share PrintEmail Now Reading Belt and Road middleman role is a dead end for Hong Kong  Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Economy Society Tech This Week in Asia News Asia World Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Global Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Special Reports Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research Lifestyle Fashion & Luxury Travel & Leisure Motoring Families Food & Drink Health & Beauty Watches Style Good Eating 100 Top Tables Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby HK Sevens Soccer Tennis Boxing Motorsport Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Infographics Photos Video Magazines Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau Popular Topics Hong Kong Sevens 2017 Chief executive election 2017 Macroscope The View Inside Out & Outside In The Insider Donald Trump Money Matters China: Around The Nation South China Sea: Hague case Cathay Pacific Jake's View A-shares Brexit Advertising Solutions SCMP Mobile Edition SCMP Tablet Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP.com search Historical Archive HK Magazine Archive Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory CPJobs.com Education Post Events Young Post Follow us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Business›Global Economy COMMENTARY Jake's View by Jake Van Der Kamp Belt and Road middleman role is a dead end for Hong Kong The future doesn’t lie in things we used to do or that government wants us to do, so Belt and Road is a non-starter and middleman is out PUBLISHED : Monday, 08 May, 2017, 3:35pm UPDATED : Tuesday, 09 May, 2017, 10:38am Comments:   Jake Van Der Kamp jake.vanderkamp@scmp.com Share PrintEmail Related topics Belt and Road Initiative Belt and Road: Comment Related Articles Economy Hong Kong firms gear up for opportunities along Asia’s new Silk Road 9 May 2017 Diplomacy & Defence Who’s who in China’s ‘Belt and Road Initiative’? 9 May 2017 Diplomacy & Defence Western partners wanted on China’s Silk Road 8 May 2017 In a rare interview, Victor Fung Kwok-king, a respected businessman ... told the Post “Hong Kong needs to work very hard on its traditional role of being a middleman between the West and the mainland in order to grab the business opportunities from the ‘Belt and Road Initiative’ ”. SCMP, May 8 Let’s get something straight right away about this Belt and Road business. It still has some mileage left in it for political bluster and toadying but otherwise it’s a dead one. Let’s drop it. It only came into being three years ago because the then president of the United States, Barack Obama, was proposing to exclude China from a Pacific regional trade union that he was talking of setting up. In any event it was the US that excluded itself from this peculiar institution. A new president decided that trade agreements are bad for trade. Yes, it’s a story for the comic books, strange but true. By that time, however, President Xi Jinping had already come up with his response to this initiative. Exclude us? Well, then we’ll exclude you. We’ll go with the “Stans” and some of these African places. They weren’t all losers when we last dealt with them hundreds of years ago. How Trump gave China’s ‘Belt and Road’ scheme a boost But if not quite losers they are certainly not the world’s new big markets for what is now the world’s biggest exporter. Belt and Road was a reactive measure to events that never took place anyway. Cold reality has now set in. This is not where the economy is going. China will not build its future on Belt and Road. One difficulty, however, is that when Beijing starts its minions talking about its latest thing, it can’t always make them stop. They just go on and on repeating the mantra. Our chief executive Leung Chun-ying is a good example. I would have thought Victor Fung knew better. I also would have thought he had by now recognised what has happened to Hong Kong’s “traditional role of being a middleman”. Middleman is a nineteenth century concept. Back then buyer and seller across the world could not meet each other, let alone talk to each other or recognise each other’s ways of doing business. Someone was required between the two. It is not so any longer. Buyer and seller have long turned to dealing directly with each other. A classic example is the way that Wal-Mart eliminated middlemen in products like toothpaste. Wal-Mart not only saved money in a tight margin business but found demand far less volatile. Victor Fung is notable for trying in more recent years to resist the trend by making the role of middleman evolve into a more multi-product, multi-customer business through his company, Li & Fung. Unfortunately, this has not always worked well. The tide is against him. And it is against Hong Kong trying to revive a middleman role for itself. This is not where our future lies. It probably lies where it has always been. Hong Kong thrives by doing for China what China cannot or, for reasons of ideology, will not do itself and then moving on to something else when China can and will do it. Hong Kong thrives by doing for China what China cannot or, for reasons of ideology, will not do itself This is how our economy made its transitions from shipping to textiles and then to financial services, slowed down a little in each of these transitions by government efforts to stay in the past. Given present trends of tightened control by Beijing in the mainland, I think the future probably now beckons us to rule of law areas such as commercial dispute settlement as well as to money laundering (always a big business for us) and perhaps to freedom of expression fields such as the arts. That’s a guess. What my crystal ball tells me for a certainty, however, is that the future does not lie in things we used to do or that government wants us to do. Belt and Road is a non-starter and middleman is out. I also do not share Victor Fung’s pessimism about our “inward focus”, “going backwards” and “downward spiral”. That’s just Shanghai talk and they never stop talking it up there about Hong Kong. It’s envy talking. They don’t understand what makes this place such a success and I doubt they ever will. SCMP Today: HK Edition Get updates direct to your inbox. E-mail * By registering you agree to our T&Cs & Privacy Policy Thank youYou are on the list. This article appeared in the South China Morning Post print edition as: Belt and Road middleman role is dead end for the city business-article-page More articles by Jake Van Der Kamp Raising electricity tariffs to cool demand is not the answer 7 May 2017 - 2:24am 10 Easy scapegoats beget the wrong solutions for housing woes 4 May 2017 - 8:07am 25 Opinion: GDP rankings are economists’ equivalent of fake news 2 May 2017 - 8:02am 51   Most Popular Viewed 1 Homebuyers turn their backs on bank mortgages 2 Coach bags Kate Spade in US$2.4 billion deal 3 Belt and Road middleman role is a dead end for Hong Kong 4 Gentrification may solve Vancouver’s drugs crisis 5 Tencent extends WeChat Pay to the US with focus on Chinese tourists Shared 1 Gentrification may solve Vancouver’s drugs crisis 2 Tencent extends WeChat Pay to the US with focus on Chinese tourists 3 Belt and Road middleman role is a dead end for Hong Kong 4 Coach bags Kate Spade in US$2.4 billion deal 5 Air China feeling the effects of Cathay’s travails Commented 1 Belt and Road middleman role is a dead end for Hong Kong 2 SFC halts trading in Huishan Dairy shares in rare move 3 Air China feeling the effects of Cathay’s travails 4 Tencent extends WeChat Pay to the US with focus on Chinese tourists 5 Didi is English for ‘hailing a ride’ in China Promotions SCMP invites you to watch The West Side Story Get your FREE LuxeHomes Property Outlook 2017 now!       You may also like News Forbidden City’s treasures for the masses, at a thumb’s scroll 7 May 2017 - 10:56pm 2 Making the magic happen on holiday In partnership with: HKT PREMIER Health & Beauty China pushes limits of endurance with 400km Ultra Gobi race 8 May 2017 - 5:47pm 4 [SCMP Archive] Looking back: 50 years ago Sponsored by: Hong Kong International School Asia North Korea detains another US citizen May 8th 2017, 4:51pm 2 China China’s Tencent ‘deeply sorry’ after Russia blocks WeChat 7 May 2017 - 2:02am 8 Hong Kong Cathay launches leadership shake-up ahead of major restructure 6 May 2017 - 11:29pm 22 Geopolitics How Macau became North Korea’s window to the world 6 May 2017 - 8:39am 5 Companies China’s rival to Airbus, Boeing completes Shanghai test flight 5 May 2017 - 11:39pm 63 Hong Kong In pictures: Hong Kong upside down 7 May 2017 - 2:00pm SCMP Originals Former lawyer dons boxing gloves to start a social enterprise May 8th 2017, 3:17pm 3 SCMP Originals Lion Rock spirit: the inspiring tale of paraplegic climber Lai Chi-wai May 8th 2017, 3:20pm South China Morning Post Stay connected Facebook Twitter Hong Kong Politics Economy Health & Environment Law & Crime Education & Community News China Hong Kong Asia World China Policies & Politics Diplomacy & Defence Money & Wealth Society Economy Tech Business Companies Markets Property Investor Relations Mutual Funds Economy China Economy Money & Wealth Country Reports Tech China Tech Enterprises Social & Gadgets Start-ups Apps & Gaming Innovation Leaders & Founders Science & Research E-Commerce Lifestyle Arts & Entertainment Health & Beauty Film & TV Food & Drink Families Music Fashion & Luxury Books Travel & Leisure Watches Sport Hong Kong China Golf Racing Rugby Soccer Tennis Boxing Comment Insight & Opinion Harry's View Blogs Polls Letters Multimedia Video Photos Infographics SCMP Chronicles Magazine Post Magazine Style Good Eating Destination Macau HK Magazine Archive Other Weather Most Popular 7 Days Index Country Reports Crossword Promotions Directories Luxehomes At your service Business Services Directory MICE Biz Restaurant Directory Information Buy SCMP Photos Copyright Licensing RSS Feeds SCMP.com search Historical Archive Print Subscription Advertising Opportunities Contact our Advertising Sales HK Rate card Overseas Rate Card China Rate Card The Marketer SCMP Marketing Solutions SCMP Outdoor Advertising Recruitment Advertising Events SCMP Events Operation Santa Claus Other Sites CPJobs.com Education Post Young Post Cosmopolitan CosmoGIRL! Elle Harpers Bazaar Racing Post SCMP Mobile Edition IOS Android Window SCMP TABLET Edition iOS HTML5 Android HTML5 SCMP ePaper Edition SCMP ePaper Edition SIGN UP for SCMP eNewsletter SCMP Publishers Privacy Policy FAQs Terms & Conditions Work For Us Contact Us Copyright © 2017 South China Morning Post Publishers Ltd. All rights reserved.
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Tuesday, May 09, 2017, 2:01 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Style / Slim Pickings By Jennifer Christman This article was published May 8, 2017 at 1:50 a.m. PHOTO BY JENNIFER CHRISTMAN Keebler Town House Crackers + Hummus Snack Boxes Comments aAFont Size WHAT: Keebler Town House Crackers + Hummus Snack Boxes STATS: One snack box (three per package) of the Mediterranean Herb Pita variety contains 240 calories and 9 fat, 32 carbohydrate, 4 fiber, 3 sugar and 7 protein grams. We found them at Wal-Mart, 700 Bowman Road, Little Rock. Visit townhousecrackers.com. THE SKINNY: Give peas a chance. At least try these shelf-stable snack boxes of chickpea hummus and crackers (at least two versions are available: the Mediterranean version and Sea Salt & Olive Oil Flatbread). Because the portable protein-y snack doesn't require refrigeration, the zesty hummus and seasoned dippers come in handy, particularly this time of year. Pack them for the pool or campground. Or keep a box in your office desk drawer. Next time you're hangry and you can't run out for lunch, you can be full of pita instead of self-pity. -- Jennifer Christman Slim Pickings is a weekly review of light foods. Email: jchristman@arkansasonline.com ActiveStyle on 05/08/2017 Print Headline: Slim Pickings Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Style Jolly adverb usage is cleared up here Happy Trails 65 Roses Tour last leg of Charity Challenge Curiosity brings musings on mutations Slim Pickings Iron deficiency a sign of red blood cell loss Why do allergies cause 'brain fog' syndrome? Core activation simple, effective for muscle ... Super Quiz: Sovereign states: B More Style stories > Comments on: Slim Pickings To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Rawleigh Williams says he will leave football (22 comments) New Orleans split over Confederate statues (22 comments) Church-politics order divides pastors (23 comments) Arkansas man stabbed to death after trying to break up fight, police say; 1 arrested (6 comments) Ex-acting attorney general: I warned White House that national security adviser could be blackmailed (7 comments) Irritation at Arkansas judges stirs talk of change (25 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content News Topics Topics Home News Sports Business Education Entertainment Life Opinion Weather More Obituaries Classifieds Calendar Real Estate Jobs Shopping NIE Public Notices Contact Us Advertise DRC Digital Media Special Sections View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest Denton news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DentonRC.com! Search the Denton Record-Chronicle Submit Search News Calendar Blotter Insight Denton Nation And World State Texas Legislature Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram All Topics Home News Argyle Aubrey Bartonville Blotter Calendar Cooke County Copper Canyon Corinth Cropped Out Cross Roads Denton Denton County Denton Enterprise Airport Denton Municipal Electric Dish Double Oak Environmental issues Flower Mound Grapevine Lake Hickory Creek Insight Denton Krugerville Krum Lake Dallas Lantana Lewisville Lewisville Lake Nation And World News Gathering Nonprofits Oak Point Oil and gas Photos Pilot Point Politics Ponder Providence Village Ray Roberts Lake Sanger Shady Shores State Texas Legislature The Watchdog Weather Wise County Yesteryear Sports AP Argyle Eagles Aubrey Chaparrals Braswell Bengals Calvary Academy Lions Colleges Dallas Cowboys Dallas Mavericks Dallas Stars Denton Broncos Guyer Wildcats High Schools Krum Bobcats Lake Dallas Falcons Liberty Christian Warriors Mean Green Motor sports Other Sports Outdoors Pilot Point Bearcats Ponder Lions Ryan Raiders Sanger Indians Sports AP Headlines TWU Pioneers Texas Rangers The Masters Your Team Entertainment Best of Denton 2017 Denton Dammit Denton Time Movies Music Theater Education Argyle High School Aubrey High School Aubrey ISD Braswell High School Denton Calvary Academy Denton High School Denton ISD Guyer High School Higher Education Immaculate Conception Catholic School Krum High School Krum ISD Lake Dallas High School Lake Dallas ISD Liberty Christian High School North Central Texas College Pilot Point High School Pilot Point ISD Ponder High School Ponder ISD Ryan High School Sanger High School Sanger ISD Selwyn College Preparatory School Texas Woman's University University of North Texas Business Business Chronicle Life AgriLife Extension Anniversaries Engagements Garden Health Native Roots Pools Religion The Place is Argyle Weddings Opinion Columns Editorial Letters Close Close Jeff Woo/DRC Blotter: Man gets bad check for Wal-Mart gift cards Filed under Blotter at Yesterday Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Harrison Long Connect with Harrison Long On Twitter Email Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like The Denton Record-Chronicle's Facebook Page After discovering a check he had received was fraudulent, a 41-year-old Spring man called police from his bank at the 600 block of West University Drive in Denton.  He informed police that he had been contacted by a fake company offering him a check worth $2,000 if he purchased $1,400 worth of Wal-Mart gift cards and provided the numbers to them. He purchased the gift cards and gave the numbers to those who contacted him.  Though he did receive a check, he was informed by Wells Fargo upon arriving that it was fraudulent and the company fake.  Other reports 600 block of South Mayhill Road —  On Saturday about 11:15 a.m. an individual who had his car towed managed to slip out of Texas Impound Services without paying for the return of his vehicle. According to the employees, the individual took control of his impounded vehicle and left the lot without paying the fee. They contacted police to report a theft of service.  1600 East McKinney Street —  A saddle was stolen from a pickup between 11:30 p.m. Friday night and 10 a.m. Saturday morning. The caller had left it in the bed of his truck overnight and found out that it was gone the next day. The dark brown Lance brand saddle is estimated to be worth about $1,500. Roundup From 7 a.m. Saturday to 7 a.m. Sunday Denton Police filed 14 reports online.  — Harrison Long  Comments Tags Blotter Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with The Denton Record-Chronicle on Facebook. Denton Record-Chronicle @dentonrc Like Denton Record-Chronicle's Facebook Page Taking you back to News More about the Denton Record-Chronicle Advertise Contact Us Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Denton News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram ©2017, Denton Publishing Co. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Local Company Donates Animal Oxygen Masks - WBOY - Clarksburg, Morgantown: News, Sports, Weather Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home News Crime & Courts Accidents & Fires Business & Economy Special Reports Monongalia County and Preston County Central Weather Your Weather Outlook 7-Day Forecast Snowbird Central & School Closings Snowbird & Myron's Weather Adventure in 360 Degrees Warnings Map Live Doppler Radar Predictor Local Temperatures Sports High School Scores High School Sports Honda Athlete of the Week National Sports West Virginia Illustrated Community Relay For Life Central Buckle Your Baby For Life Community Calendar "Celebrating Volunteers" Brought to You by The Miley Legal Group 12 News at Noon Interviews North Central WV Boil Water Advisories Video Contests Dream Kitchen Makeover Mom and Me Photo Contest What's On The Daily J! About Us Work With Us Download Our Apps Tactive Digital WBOY Alumni Meet the Team EEO and Public Reports FCC Public Inspection File Local Company Donates Animal Oxygen Masks Posted: Sunday, May 7, 2017 4:35 PM EDT Updated: Sunday, May 7, 2017 8:00 PM EDT By Paige Hopkins Email Connect phopkins@wboy.com KINGWOOD - Pets are treated just like family members in many households, which is why local emergency responders have tools to save your furry friends during fires. The 'Touch a Truck' event held outside the Kingwood Walmart allowed Invisible Fence Brand of West Virginia to partner with the Preston County Animal Shelter and local fire squads. During the event, Invisible Fence Brand donated 17 animal oxygen masks and put on a demonstration. Anita Burns, shelter volunteer, said the oxygen masks have already proven to be effective. "The fire department has used oxygen masks once or twice last year and the people were forever grateful that the pets were saved. We like to give it to all fire departments," Burns said. The Preston County animal shelter also brought multiple dogs available for adoption to the event.  Clarksburg Studio 904 West Pike Street Clarksburg, WV 26301 Main (304) 623-3311 Fax (304) 624-6152(Clarksburg) Fax (304) 225-2522(Morgantown) Can't Find Something? All content © Copyright 2000 - 2015 WorldNow and WBOY Television. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.
Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com If you’re diabetic, you need to think about stockpiling INSULIN before the next collapse… here’s how to get it legally in your state Monday, May 08, 2017 by: Amy Goodrich Tags: Collapse, diabetes, disaster preparedness, earthquake, hurricane, insulin, natural disasters, prepping, SHTF, survival kit, Surviving, tornado (Natural News) More than 28 million people in the United States have diabetes, and some 86 million are living with prediabetes which increases a person’s risk of type 2 diabetes and other chronic diseases, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC). Though natural disasters such as hurricanes, earthquakes, floods, and tornados are nothing new — they have occurred since the beginning of time — they seem to be more common these days. Also, we live in uncertain times of political and economic upheaval and instability. In the climate of today’s culture, prepping has never been more important. Whether it’s the power of nature or people that will force you to go into survival mode, being prepared for such an event could mean the difference between life and death. If you or a loved one is living with diabetes, preparing for an emergency disaster or disruption of our modern society is a bit more challenging than for most other people. Nonetheless, there are many things you can do to prepare for an out-of-control situation that may save your life one day. For those living with type 2 diabetes, prepping for survival shouldn’t be too hard since many cases are diet and exercise related. Since people with type 2 diabetes still have the capacity to create insulin, most of them can easily survive without the need for medication. When you are buying organic survival food containers be sure to check the glycemic index of the foods you are storing. For people with type 1 diabetes, things get a little bit more complicated during an emergency. Since these people are unable to make insulin and control their blood sugar levels through diet and exercise alone, having insulin and supplies such as syringes, a blood glucose meter, and test strips is essential to their survival at all times. When the SHTF (S**t Hits The Fan), pharmacies will quickly run out of supplies, and the price for a single vial of insulin may go up dramatically. If you, or someone in your family, has type 1 diabetes, you need to prepare some specialized kits and stock up on insulin and syringes in addition to the standard survival supplies. How to legally stock up on insulin For most Americans stockpiling insulin can be tricky since most states require a prescription to purchase it. Furthermore, diabetic supplies are expensive, and insurance companies make it difficult to buy more than what’s needed for a short period of time. Nonetheless, there are many ways to get your hands on this life-saving medication. According to The Survivalist Blog, the Walmart pharmacy is the place to be for safe and cheap insulin available over-the-counter with no prescription and no questions asked. Though the price may vary between different states, in Michigan you can get a 10-milliliter vial of fast-acting Novolin R insulin for $28. Novolin R is reportedly identical to the Humulin R, which is around $150 per bottle. You can buy up to four vials at a time which will expire about two years from the purchase date. As reported by The Survivalist Blog, Walmart sells three types of Novolin insulin, Novolin R, Novolin N, and Novolin 70/30. The latter is a combination of fast and slow acting insulin. Though they are available for around the same price, not all states allow over-the-counter insulin sales at Walmart. To be sure, you can check out this list of states that require a prescription for insulin and/or syringes or call your local Walmart for more information. JDRF, a leading global organization funding type 1 diabetes research, released a “Disaster Preparation Emergency Checklist” for people with diabetes. If you or a loved one has diabetes, prepping can help you stay safe and healthy. Stay informed about the best prepping strategies at Survival.news. Sources: IsletsOfHope.com TheSurvivalistBlog.net Blog.SurvivalFrog.com CDC.gov JDRF.org JDRF.orgPDF Previous :Japan to “drop tanks” full of Fukushima nuclear waste directly into the ocean Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... (Note: Avoid using gmail.com addresses, because Google deliberately censors this email newsletter to protect Big Pharma's profits.) Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on Collapse If you’re diabetic, you need to think about stockpiling INSULIN before the next collapse… here’s how to get it legally in your state EMP Commission expert: North Korea preparing satellite launch of nuclear weapon that will wipe out U.S. electrical grid Breaking News: Macron BUSTED – New documents prove he lied about Tax Evasion Just like the Soviet Union, Venezuela is now on course to disintegrate into a morass of suffering – and violence Chicago Tribune echoes the Health Ranger, warns that government pensions will evaporate before many retirees can collect Death by Big Government: Ecuador is on the brink of collapse, says ex-pat who lived there for years Get out in the field and learn survival now – because you can’t do it “on the job” How to analyze events so you can predict what will happen (and prepare for them) Camping: A great way to practice how to live after SHTF Collapse.news publishes comprehensive list of REAL assets that hold their value through nuclear war, social chaos or global debt collapse Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-05-08-if-youre-diabetic-you-need-to-think-about-stockpiling-insulin-before-the-next-collapse.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-05-08-if-youre-diabetic-you-need-to-think-about-stockpiling-insulin-before-the-next-collapse.html">If you’re diabetic, you need to think about stockpiling INSULIN before the next collapse… here’s how to get it legally in your state</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year Monsanto funneled money to front groups to attack anti-GMO activists like the Health Ranger, court documents reveal - NaturalNews.com SCIENCE SHOCK: Almost all medical studies are “bogus” … reproducibility approaches ZERO - NaturalNews.com 6 Supplements you MUST take if you follow a plant-based diet - NaturalNews.com American Academy of Pediatrics declares “no science” needed to prove vaccines are safe, because they BELIEVE - NaturalNews.com 12 Foods fit for humans but DEADLY for dogs - NaturalNews.com Low-carb eating might make you STUPID: Pasta and bread found to reduce the risk of cognitive decline - NaturalNews.com Big Pharma suffers another major blow as study debunks high cholesterol myths, admitting statins are totally worthless Malaria cure “developed” by academic institute found to have been documented in ancient Chinese Medicine text written over five centuries ago - NaturalNews.com The big breakup: Residents in a half-dozen states talking secession… we are no longer a unified nation - NaturalNews.com Vitamin D helps friendly bacteria repopulate the gut, making it the perfect campanion to probiotic supplements - NaturalNews.com Bombshell pharma revelation as details emerge about former Merck president’s involvement in human biowarfare programs - NaturalNews.com Top seven fuels that feed the cancer 'fire' and mutate more cells 10 mind-blowing facts about the vaccine industry that the mainstream media still refuses to report Cancer Drugs Fund found to be “huge waste of money” and a total fraud - NaturalNews.com Chemicals in the water are turning male fish into females... is same thing happening in humans? New opioid street drug is so dangerous, it can kill you just by touching your skin - NaturalNews.com Vitamin D deficiency causes weight gain; here's how to drop the pounds effortlessly by boosting your vitamin supplementation Cancer detection breakthrough uses chewing gum to trap and analyze biomarkers for cancer already growing in your body - NaturalNews.com Top seven fuels that feed the cancer 'fire' and mutate more cells Fake science TV personality Bill Nye goes berserk when REAL scientist schools him on carbon dioxide - NaturalNews.com $1 trillion budget deal confirms America’s horrifying swamptopian future, hopelessly beyond the zenith of reform or reason - NaturalNews.com “VACCINE RAGE” phenomenon may explain global increase in anger, violence and insanity - NaturalNews.com Netflix begins SCIENCE PURGE to remove all genetics education from science videos in order to appease Left-wing “gender fluid” lunatics like Bill Nye - NaturalNews.com Insanity: Now the FDA wants to criminalize pizza toppings - NaturalNews.com Is it safe to cut the moldy parts off a loaf of bread and eat the rest? - NaturalNews.com Grandmother who dressed up as a witch and abused granddaughter sentenced to three life terms - NaturalNews.com Seven reasons why natural cancer remedies sometimes fail State finally releases kidnapped homeschool children after months in captivity - NaturalNews.com Schoolgirl nearly killed by toxic shock syndrome after wearing a tampon for 10 hours - NaturalNews.com New study suggests Vitamin C is cancer’s worst enemy - NaturalNews.com GLOBAL COOLING is coming, and we’re all DOOMED, warned NYT, WashPost, TIME, Cal Tech and the entire MSM throughout the 1970s - NaturalNews.com Geoengineering, long denounced as a conspiracy theory, now openly advocated by Harvard scientists to alter the climate - NaturalNews.com Sri Lanka’s massive garbage piles now collapsing in deadly avalanches like a scene ripped right out of Idiocracy - NaturalNews.com Comprehensive list of states with the highest toxic vaccine rates - NaturalNews.com Aluminum dangers - What they don't want you to know - NaturalNews.com Humanity has reached peak idiocy… what happens when the idiocy bubble bursts? - NaturalNews.com If nuclear war breaks out, which U.S. cities would be targeted first? - NaturalNews.com United Airlines drags physician kicking and screaming off a flight he PAID FOR because they overbooked and wanted the seat back - NaturalNews.com Sleepwalking toward World War III… like clockwork, the next 25-year cycle of mass human suffering and death begins NOW - NaturalNews.com Incredibly disturbing animation reveals how vaccines are really made… WARNING: this will turn your stomach - NaturalNews.com Opium-like painkiller alternative can be found growing in your backyard - NaturalNews.com Bill Nye goes FULL LUNATIC with vulgar transgender music video singing about “moist vagina” and how transgenderism is “evolution” - NaturalNews.com Collapse.news publishes comprehensive list of REAL assets that hold their value through nuclear war, social chaos or global debt collapse - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Whooping cough outbreak strikes school with unvaccinated child... what happened next will never be reported by the CDC If you’re not using OPTICAL storage, all your data may be wiped out in a nuclear war, solar flare or EMP attack - NaturalNews.com Thousands damaged by shingles vaccine are trying to sue Merck - NaturalNews.com In plain sight: How to stay hidden during a crisis - NaturalNews.com William Shatner targeted by vaccine bullies in vicious campaign to silence tweets about autism - NaturalNews.com Amazon wants to watch you get dressed: New “Echo Look” camera to spy on you in your own bedroom and bathroom - NaturalNews.com This court just ruled Coca-Cola products are POISON - NaturalNews.com Did Google just surpass Monsanto as the world’s most EVIL corporation? - NaturalNews.com ‘Fake meat’ from Impossible Foods, backed by Bill Gates and Google, is loaded with GMOs and MSG … Is anyone surprised? - NaturalNews.com Carbon dioxide “pollutant” myth totally DEBUNKED in must-see science video - NaturalNews.com In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes CONFIRMED: Cancer is entirely a man-made disease Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists And now the cover-up murders begin in Flint, Michigan: Water treatment plant foreman found dead... young mom murdered in her home after filing lawsuit against Michigan government 10 health benefits of cucumbers Hillary Clinton video: THE WALKING DEAD... collapses into security van... 'medical event'... diagnosed with 'vascular dementia' and Parkinson's... 'one year left to live' says doctor Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News Take Indian black salt for your health and beauty (Naturalnews.com) - 3 Hours Ago SCIENCE SHOCK: Almost all medical studies are "bogus" ... reproducibility approaches ZERO (Naturalnews.com) - 3 Hours Ago New opioid street drug is so dangerous, it can kill you just by touching your skin (Naturalnews.com) - 3 Hours Ago Toxic tradition: Birthday cakes can contain toxic ingredients (Naturalnews.com) - 3 Hours Ago American Academy of Pediatrics declares "no science" needed to prove vaccines are safe, because they BELIEVE (Naturalnews.com) - 3 Hours Ago Vitamin D helps friendly bacteria repopulate the gut, making it the perfect campanion to probiotic supplements (Naturalnews.com) - 3 Hours Ago Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners. The War on Independent Media Has Begun A coordinated censorship attack is being waged against the entire independent media by Google, YouTube and Facebook. After we were banned by Google for nearly a week, now Facebook is deliberately blocking the sharing of our stories to further censor our important reporting for human freedom and medical choice. Soon, the only way we will be able to reach you is via email, and Google is sometimes blocking our email delivery to gmail users. Enter your email address below to subscribe to our email announcement list (but don't use gmail). Your privacy is protected and you can unsubscribe at any time. If you don't join our email list, you may never see our valuable content again via Facebook, Google or YouTube. CENSORSHIP has now reached EXTREME levels across the 'net. The truth is being suffocated. Subscribe now if you want to escape the delusional bubble of false reality being pushed by Google and Facebook. No thank you. Don't show this again. Already have it and love it! Once you click subscribe, we will send you an email asking you to confirm your free subscription.
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Dozens of arrests made at new music festival Wine expert out at Helen restaurants Terminator coming to JJ Watt charity softball game Popular Heights restaurant to close and be rebranded Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History ICYMI: A justice of the peace's sexting and drug use could get Houston police officer relieved of duty after drunk driving Two injured overnight in three-vehicle wreck Family safe after house catches on fire US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos Class of 2017 commencement speakers Lost at the airport: Leave it behind and someone may buy it Report: $100 million lawsuit alleges Robert Durst's second wife The truth behind Ivanka Trump's controversial billboard in the Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets The best memes of the NBA playoffs, so far Cougars pick up second 2018 football recruit Texans' Tom Savage remains hungry to become starting QB High School athletes of the week: May 8 Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Indianapolis investor buys Grand Crossing II shopping center in Report: Container traffic up, leasing activity down at Port of Dollar Tree's new Pasadena store part of Texas expansion Buyer plans new eight-acre Pasadena business park A&E Restaurants & Bars Music TV Movies Preview Arts & Theater Horoscopes Books Things To Do Puzzles & Games Evan Turner out at Helen restaurants There's no tomorrow for these two cancelled CW shows; is your Shade to close and reopen as Alice Blue Star Fish restaurant and bar is new Heights-area charmer Life Society Travel Style Food & Cooking Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Luxe Life Houston Gives Weddings Sponsored Content That '70s gala featuring a performance from The Temptations VIP view: Judging a Kentucky Derby best dressed contest at Latin Women's Initiative raises a shot glass and $250,000 during 'Goodbye to High School Football' Poetry program gives students Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate Home Price Survey Senior Living My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/houston/article/Search-on-for-missing-elderly-man-11131281.php Search on for missing elderly man By Mike Glenn Updated 11:30 pm, Monday, May 8, 2017 Photo: Harris County Sheriff's Office Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Police are searching for James Maddison, 81, who was last seen on May 8, 2017 when he left his northwest Harris County home.  Police are searching for James Maddison, 81, who was last seen on May 8, 2017 when he left his northwest Harris County home.  Photo: Harris County Sheriff's Office Search on for missing elderly man 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Sheriff's deputies are asking the public to help find a missing elderly man in the early stages of dementia. James Maddison, 81, was last seen about 11 a.m. Monday when he left his home in the 13700 block of Tanvern Court in northwest Harris County. Maddison was wearing a red University of Houston T-shirt and grey trousers. He was carrying a Walmart bag, authorities said. He is missing part of his right foot because of diabetes, officials said. Anyone with information is asked to contact Harris County sheriff's deputies at 713-274-9100.   Most Read 1 Dozens of arrests made at Houston area's new Middlelands festival 2 Texas teen shot dead after attempting to lure Domino's driver... 3 Shade to close and reopen as Alice Blue 4 ‘Teen Mom’ Farrah Abraham Ripped for ‘Appropriating... 5 Group that skipped on bar bill pays up after online shaming 6 Middlelands festival brings thousands of EDM fans to Texas... 7 Simone Biles tells 'Dancing' host 'Smiling doesn't win you... 8 Controversial Texas mayor Beth Van Duyne joins Trump... 9 VIP view: Judging a Kentucky Derby best dressed contest at... 10 There's no tomorrow for these two cancelled CW shows; is your... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી E-PAPER SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Expert View LATEST NEWS Realty sales regain momentum after post-demonetisation fall Automobile market is back on track as demonetisation effect wears off Special dividends hint at P&G-Gillette merger? A tad pricey, Eicher Motors ticking over smoothly is still a draw Gold Price Chart: Find all the latest gold rate chart and news Picture abhi baaki hai! Why it's not the time to go cold on stocks Home loans are getting cheaper! SBI leads way ETMarkets Morning Podcast: What's going to sway your market through the day Gold, silver inches higher in morning trade Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Markets Stocks NewsLive BlogTrendsRecosEarningsETMarkets PodcastMarket PaathshalaAnnouncementsPolicyMarket CalendarStock Price Quotes IPOs/FPOs Market Stats Market Moguls Expert View Technicals Technical ChartVisualizeScreener Commodities ViewsNews Precious MetalsGold Petal DelhiGold PetalSilver MicroGold MGoldSilver MSilverGold GuineaSilver 1000OthersMentha Oil Oil & EnergyCrude Oil MiniBrent Crude OilNatural GasCrude OilOil Seeds & OilsCrude Palm OilRBD PalmoleinCastor seedSpicesCardamomPlantationCotton Base MetalsLead MiniNickel MiniLeadAluminium MiniAluminiumNickelCopper MiniCopperZinc MiniZinc Forex Mobile Apps ET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone App More BondsStock GameChartMantra Technicals Trading GameWebinarsSitemapDefinitions ET Home›Markets›Expert View 12:09 PM | 09 Maymarket stats SENSEX 29,94013.84 NIFTY 50 9,3228.30 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,0976.00 USD/INR 64.530.22 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW ‘Buffett has given a clear cut long term call to buy India’ By ET Now | Updated: May 09, 2017, 09.08 AM IST Post a Comment Buffett has said that for the longest time interest rates acted like gravity and if interest rates go higher it will have a impact on return ratios. Company Summary NSE BSE Axis Capital Loading data... ADD TO PORTFOLIO ADD TO WATCHLIST SHARE YOUR OULOOK ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz PEER COMPANIES Talking to Nikunj Dalmia of ET Now, Nilesh Shah, MD, Kotak AMC and Dharmesh Mehta, MD & CEO, Axis Capital, say Indian fund managers need to learn humility and flexibility from Warren Buffett. Edited excerpts: Nilesh, what is your understanding I mean for the first time I have heard Mr Buffett talk about the importance of non-American markets and he is indicating that look America is great but there are better opportunities elsewhere. Nilesh Shah: I think it is the humility of Mr Warren Buffett that he has not counted his victories but counted his defeats or lost opportunities. A person of his stature and intelligence admits that he missed Google for his investors or was not smart enough to pick up Jeff Bezos’s Amazon. This clearly shows his humility. It is true that compared to many of his peers he never invested in emerging markets as aggressively despite having a person like Ajit Jain whom he praises a lot. Jain is an Indian but he never used Ajit Jain’s talent for investment in India. So it is his humility to accept that he missed opportunities like Google, Amazon and India. Dharmesh, while he is sitting on a lot of cash -- $80 billion-- he said I have a gun which is fully loaded and I am ready to fire and now he is officially indicating that he is ready to travel. “So what, I am 86! I have got a chartered plane. I can travel as long as I can see opportunity,” he said. Dharmesh Mehta: Well obviously India will be very lucky if God comes to India to invest but the kind of rules and conditions which he needs to invest, will make it very difficult for any Indian company to qualify for his investments. We have been in touch with this company and shown them a few deals. His conditions include complete ownership, a large size market cap and going private. It is very difficult for him to find too many companies in India but I would not rule it out that may be in next few years, you may get some company which may fit his bill. But you will need a promoter who agrees to sell the company to him and then run the company for him. But obviously we will be very, very hopeful. We will be waiting for it to happen. Nilesh, Buffett has said that for the longest time interest rates acted like gravity and if interest rates go higher it will have a impact on return ratios. In India, we can be safely sure that interest rates will not go down sharply. US Fed is poised to take interest rates higher. So, if interest rates are going to go higher, the cost of capital will increase and in that time equities should underperform. Nilesh Shah: If life was so simple, all of us would have become fund managers. The reality is that there is something called real interest rate and there is something called nominal interest rates. In a scenario where nominal interest rate goes down and real interest rate goes up, there will be differential impact on to the equity return. On the other hand, if it is reversed it will have a completely different impact. In India’s case, while the nominal interest rates may not go down much, the chances of inflation coming down because of RBI getting the mandate to target inflation should create a scenario where real return could expand or could contract depending upon what is the inflation movement. We are looking at a nominal interest rate but the equity market will discount how the real interest rate moves. If real interest rate goes up then your prediction about equity market becoming expensive with higher cost of capital could come true but if real interest rate actually goes down, then probably we would not see material impact on equity market. Dharmesh, in general do you worry about what foreign investors could do in this so called rising interest rate environment? We have argued that the reason why money was coming to India was because of the float factor. That float factor still be higher with India but it will get marginalised? Nilesh Shah: You have to wait for the monsoon. It will be a real game-changer for the interest rates in India. Commodity prices globally are coming down which is a good case for India especially oil and the other commodities. So interest rate going up in India does not look like a very likely scenario. Plus with a lot of cash in the system because of demonetisation, real interest rates are not going up. In fact, they are going down. I would still make a case for the rates going down in India. The interest rates can go down further rather than staying where it is so. In that sense equity money should be flowing into India but it is only when the risk appetite goes off in the global world is when you will see the redemptions happening and obviously there is going to be one big change this year is going to be that there is lot of passive money which has come in India. That can go away if at all there is a global kind of a risk off trade that can be the risk factor for India rather than interest rates if you ask me. Another important takeaway at least for me was that Mr Buffet is talking about the disruption which could happen in the automobile industry because of driverless cars, I mean he is saying that look you may not see driverless cars on the roads of Manhattan tomorrow morning but they are coming and that will have an impact on the way how markets would value auto companies and how they would value the care insurance companies? Nilesh Shah: Undoubtedly there is the one big risk of disruption which is being faced across many industries. Amazon is disturbing or disrupting the retail sector which Mr Buffet also talked about, like driverless cars by various entities from Google to Tesla to other entities, how that will disrupt modern car retailing and modern car making industry. So these are all the disruptions which we will have to live by and we need to be preparing our investment portfolio for this potential disruptions going forward. Do you worry about suddenly getting up tomorrow morning and there is no driver and yet you are not worried because you have a driverless car? Dharmesh Mehta: We are lucky in India it is not going to happen at least for a few decades. So I am not too bothered about India in that sense but yes eventually you are going to see a lot of disruptions happening and as Nilesh right pointed out you need to balance your portfolio based on what is going to be the future but for India those technologies and those kind of disruptions are still almost a decade away, especially the automobile or those kind of things. Yes, robotics and AI will definitely be on and that should cut cost a lot for India but still India will be behind the curve as we are behind the curve in every aspect, this will also take time before India takes into the new technologies and the disruption starts in India. So the indication from Berkshire Hathaway is that they have reduced their ownership in Wal-Mart because they fear competition coming from Amazon and other e-commerce compaies. We have just taken a brick and mortar retail company public. It is quite a conundrum, is not it? Dharmesh Mehta: Well yes, but as I said India is still going to take time before all the Wal-Marts of the world are allowed here and they can destroy this or even the ecommerce takes time and nothing stops the retail companies in India to do e-commerce. In India, the brand is much more valuable and the companies which are able to give the service and deliver it on time at a right cost. will win this game. The Indian retailers are also going to be geared up for the competition which should be coming in. At the end of the day whatever happens, the profits do matter. We we need to see real profits coming out of those companies and how long they can last based on the PE investors money. Ultimately, the business has to turn around. As Mr Warren Buffet always says. end of the day you have to buy a good business which can last lifelong and make you money. So I believe the businesses which will make you money will last forever here. Over the years we have interacted and it is literally decades now. We have had some private conversations where you have given me example of Washington Post and how you have bought into companies where Buffet has been invested in them and how that has inspired you. So based on yesterday’s AGM, have you started doing your homework on a theme, idea or a mega trend? Nilesh Shah: One sector where we have been generally underweight is aviation sector and clearly Mr Buffet believes that aviation sector is something which is turning around. Now it is not worth copying his preference for the sector but what is worth copying is his humility and ability to accept changes. They were underweight on railroad sector for years and then they made biggest acquisition in the railroad sector. If I am not mistaken he has put in his largest investment in railroad sector year before last. So what we understand from this AGM is the humility to accept change. Mr Buffet at 86 years of age and with that kind of track record still believes that market is supreme and his views can change depending upon how conditions change. We are all young kids in front of Buffet yet we have far more rigidity than Mr Buffet. As fund managers we need to learn humility from the Mr Buffet and change our views depending upon changes in the market conditions. Dharmesh Mehta: Actually if you look at his entire speech and especially on India, he has given you a great indication where the money should be going. It is difficult for him to buy stocks here but for a normal investor there is enough opportunities in India and he has told the future belongs to India and the next generation will actually do much better than ours and the generation after that will do better than the next one. So he has given a clear cut long term call to buy India in that sense. What he always says is that if you are optimistic, you will always make money. If you are associated with financial markets, buy assets which are growing, buy businesses which are cheap and businesses which are adding productivity. If I blend all those things here I think we are blessed to be living in this era in India because growth is strong, demographics are looking up, not every business is expensive and if you wait for one of-- you know one bad patch in the market you can buy great companies at good prices. It is official data that Buffet has made 99% of his wealth after he turned 60, I know you are not there yet but the best of you is yet to come? Dharmesh Mehta: I hope so. I am still in my 40s. So hopefully I should be making more money going forward but yes India is where you want to be excited and to have all the money in this country which is growing very fast and we are just getting off of a bear market. The Indian economy has still not grown. People forget when the Indian economy changes and starts growing, the kind of money and the kind of profits which the companies make. For India it is a great future, we just need to stick to our discipline and our reform process and India is going to be the destination of the decade. You are already working on your calculator calculating when you will turn 60 and when you will make 99% of his wealth, right? Nilesh Shah: Let us talk about public method and as fund manager you know we have outperformed Mr Warren Buffet’s Berkshire Hathaway for the last 15 years with our fixed income fund. So it does not make us smarter than Mr Buffet. It just shows that we are on a batting pitch called India where even mediocre players like us are able to outperform Gods of investment like Mr Buffet. We are on an exciting pitch, we are in India and as the rising tide lifts all boats which is set to ensure that we are continuously generating alpha for our investors. Comments(0)Add Comments ‘Buffett has given a clear cut long term call to buy India’ To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Also Read Warren Buffet could have been worth $102 billion Warren Buffet-owned FlightSafety International signs pact with Deccan Charters Entrepreneur Siddharth Taparia on Warren Buffet's lasting impression on him 'Warren Buffet of Canada' Prem Watsa to invest $1 billion in India Taking stock: Here's why Sania Mirza & Warren Buffet's stock went up this week READ MORE ONWarren BuffetUSstocksNilesh ShahMonsoonmarketsMarket Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App.DOWNLOAD NOW FROM AROUND THE WEB 10 Indian Divas Who Never Got Married CRITICSUNION Profitable option in Bangalore property market Property Share Top 20 actors who struggled with weight issues SocialDaft!MORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Seven Indian-origin people who made it big on a global scale 6 interesting things about the new UP CM, Yogi Adityanath Actress Kalpana given state funeral, celebrities pay homage From Around the WebMore from The Economic Times 15 most beautiful women in the world CrazyFreelancer 4 Hospitals And No Diagnosis for her Cancer! Milaap Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation Ideas Enjoy $50 off on Fire HD 10 Tablet Amazon Ask why Lalu cannot contest elections: PM Modi Railways mulls underground rail link to Hyderabad airport Tata just unveiled its first sports coupe - TaMo RaceMo I value money because I have seen tough times—Ajinkya Rahane Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Hudco IPO opens today: Should you buy? Buffett talks highly of IITians, says he is eyeing the Indian opportunity Hudco IPO subscribed 63% on Day ; retail portion subscribed 1.5 times Top 10 money-making ideas for next 7-21 trading sessions Expect Sensex at 60000 in a few years: Hemendra Kothari, DSP Blackrock More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebRERA|AAP Crisis BSE Sensex|SRH vs MI Gold rate today|Sensex IPL 2017 Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Google Plus Pinterest Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
skip to main content Buffalo's NPR News Station Site Menu Donate Menu Home News Local Arts/Culture Business Canadian Affairs Crime Environment Education Great Lakes Today Health Heritage Moments Investigative Post National/International Politics Science/Technology Sports WBFO News Desks WBFO Arts & Culture Desk WBFO Business Desk WBFO Education Reporting WBFO Health & Wellness Desk Schedule Programs Staff Corporate Sponsorship Search WBFO WBFO Classical 94.5 WNED JazzWorks Menu Home News Local Arts/Culture Business Canadian Affairs Crime Environment Education Great Lakes Today Health Heritage Moments Investigative Post National/International Politics Science/Technology Sports WBFO News Desks WBFO Arts & Culture Desk WBFO Business Desk WBFO Education Reporting WBFO Health & Wellness Desk Schedule Programs Staff Corporate Sponsorship Search Related Program:  Marketplace Wind energy brings Comanche County, Texas, a bit of hope By Andy Uhler • 13 hours ago Related Program:  Marketplace TweetShareGoogle+Email Pattern Energy said its wind farm, like the one above, will bring Comanche County $80 million over the next 25 years. Andy Uhler Listen Listening... / Wind energy brings Comanche County, Texas, a bit of hope More than 20 percent of the electricity being generated in Texas now comes from wind. It's a little-known legacy of former Texas governor — now U.S. Energy Secretary — Rick Perry. He got it all going with infrastructure and incentives more than a decade ago. Developers are buying up more and more land rights to build wind turbines. In Comanche County, Texas, it's been an economic lifesaver, if an unexpected one. Judge Bobby Arthur been living in Comanche County for all 77 years of his life. “We’re primarily based strictly in agriculture,” he said. When he was a kid, Comanche was the place for one crop: peanuts. “We used to have $414 million in peanuts, but they went away,” he said. The peanut industry in Comanche collapsed in the early 2000s, when a long-standing federal subsidy disappeared. Arthur heard talk of people putting their land up for sale and leaving town. Unlike a lot of Texas, Comanche doesn’t have oil and gas under its land. He started looking around for anything to keep Comanche County going. “I don’t care where you’re from, as long as you’re willing to keep Comanche going, have the income coming to Comanche, we’ll take anything we can get," he said. Related Why two American billionaires are betting on renewable energy First US off-shore wind farm on track to generate power Portable solar units fill the electric charging void He talked with other rural judges in a similar pickle, and they told him what they were looking into: renewable energy.  In the early 2000s, then-Texas Gov. Perry started building infrastructure and financially supporting renewable energy, specifically wind and solar power. Arthur got county commissioners to approve more tax breaks and started making phone calls to energy companies. “I’d do a little research on some of these different companies," he said. "They started getting more prevalent in the area, so they started coming to me.” Arthur felt like he had found a needle in a haystack. Elements came together for a huge wind farm called Logan’s Gap. The judge went to local landowners and sold them on the project. After years of dealings, today Logan’s Gap produces enough energy for 50,000 Texas homes a year. It’s run by Pattern Energy, which sends more than half of the electricity produced there to Wal-Mart. More than half the turbines are located on the Dudley Bros. ranch.  John Dudley runs the finance side of his family’s purebred cattle company, Dudley Brothers registered Hereford operation. His family ranch has been here since 1938. When Dudley got an offer to put wind power on his property, he had just one question for other ranchers who’d signed deals: “How does that impact your cattle operation?" he asked. "And the answers I got back were, there’s no negative impact to your cattle operation, the cattle don’t care, they just graze right around and go on.” Related Imagining the future of coal in Gillette, Wyoming China taps faraway frontier for renewable energy There are four or five of the 87 Logan’s Gap turbines visible from his office. His brown Hereford bulls graze among them. He signed a nondisclosure agreement, so he won’t say how much he makes from the wind power, but says it’s made life on the ranch a lot easier. But some people around here don’t think wind farms are a good fit. Jeff Tucker retired as a firefighter in Fort Worth and bought about 300 acres. "We came here to, frankly, move our family from the city to a different time, a different style of living,” he said. He brought his wife and three kids out here for fresh air and wide-open skies. He said wind turbines ruin his Texas sunsets. He’s organized an anti-wind farm group called Won’t Feel Like Home. He posts research on Facebook casting doubt on the viability of the industry. He took me out on his land to get the picture. “See this ridge right here?" he asked. "It goes back behind us, and at night, you can see those blinking lights, looks like something out of World War III, space aliens.” Tucker said he was offered a contract to have wind turbines on his property. He refused. He holds town meetings and goes door to door, urging landowners to push back against expansion of the wind farm, which right now is just in phase one. Pattern Energy said the wind farm will bring Comanche County $80 million over the next 25 years. A lot of these Texans don’t mind wind turbines in their sunsets if it means better roads, better schools, better everyday life. TweetShareGoogle+Email View the discussion thread. © 2017 WBFO Contact Us EEO Public File The Public and Broadcasting Diversity & Inclusion Initiative Corporate Sponsor
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 8-12, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 8-12, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Saturday night, northbound traffic will be shifted to the two outside lanes beginning at 9 p.m. and the inside lane will be closed to traffic. This shift will allow the contractor to complete work in the median strip. Motorists traveling that section of Route 29 between 9 p.m. Saturday and 6 a.m. Sunday should anticipate congestion and brief delays due to the traffic switch and associated work to restripe the pavement and realign traffic signal heads. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday while the beams on the Berkmar Drive bridge are painted. The canoe/kayak put-in on the southwest corner of the intersection will be accessible during practice runs for the Rivanna River Regatta. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious EXPECT OVERNIGHT LANE CLOSURES AT DOWNING BRIDGE NEXT WEEK – Route 360 will be reduced to a single lane at Downing Bridge in the Tappahannock area overnight on Sunday, April 30 through Thursday, May 4 Next PostNext RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 1-5, 2017 Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 1-5, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 1-5, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Thursday night, northbound traffic will be shifted to the two outside lanes beginning at 9 p.m. and the inside lane will be closed to traffic. This shift will allow the contractor to complete work in the median strip. Motorists traveling that section of Route 29 between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday should anticipate congestion and brief delays due to the traffic switch and associated work to restripe the pavement and realign traffic signal heads. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 8-12, 2017 Next PostNext RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 17-21, 2017 Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Friday night, northbound traffic will be shifted to the two outside lanes beginning at 9 p.m. and the inside lane will be closed to traffic. This shift will allow the contractor to complete work in the median strip. Motorists traveling that section of Route 29 between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday should anticipate congestion and brief delays due to the traffic switch and associated work to restripe the pavement and realign traffic signal heads. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Tuesday and Wednesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org. (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 8-12, 2017 Next PostNext RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 17-21, 2017 Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 17-21, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 17-21, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. Route 29 widening – Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Tuesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. Bad weather on Tuesday will postpone the closure until Wednesday. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – A portion of Line Drive was opened to travel on April 5.  Line Drive at Zan Road remains closed in preparation for roundabout construction, scheduled to begin Monday. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org. (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SHARE YOUR INPUT ON TRANSPORTATION PRIORITIES – Comments invited in person on April 25, via mail or email by May 16 Next PostNext Efforts underway for removal of crane, debris from North Fork Holston River Search Recent Posts 2017 Top 5 Virus Filtration Manufacturers by key Regions, with sales, revenue, market share Automotive Receiver Dryer Market: Global Industry Trend Analysis 2012 to 2017 and Forecast 2017 – 2025 2017 Top 5 Pneumatic Tools Manufacturers by key Regions, with sales, revenue, market share MIM (Metal Injection Molding) Furnace Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends CustomSoft introduced Real Estate Android App for Canada based client RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Adoption Inclusion Diversity * More Tags... Industry News * Publishing * More Industries... News By Location * Bentonville   Arkansas   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News May 2017 Tu Mo Su Sa Fr Th We 9 8 7 6 5 4 3 Kharis Publishing Releases "Saving Joey," First In its Children's Book Series, Joey's Journey     Saving Joey   Spread the Word Listed Under Tag: * Adoption Inclusion Diversity Industry: * Publishing Location: * Bentonville - Arkansas - US Subject: * ProductsBENTONVILLE, Ark. - May 8, 2017 - PRLog -- Kharis Publishing announces the release of its first children's book, Saving Joey, book one in the Joey's Journey series. Joey's Journey is a children's book series based on the true story of a foundling, Mr. Joseph Wood, who is currently the County Judge for Washington County, AR. The aim of this series is to inspire young people in the foster care system, motivate parents and young children to believe in a better future, encourage adoption, and facilitate conversations about role of the family and our ability to transform lives. Saving Joey (Book 1) is the story of a young, black, teenage girl who abandons her newborn. She wraps her baby in a blanket and places him in a basket. Leaving him on the streets of Chicago in below-freezing temperature, she waits for her baby to be found. Why? Fortunately, a man rescues the newborn, Joey, from the snow and ice-covered stairs one late evening as he was going to work. With neighbors and police involved, Joey is sure to have a future, after all. Find out what happened to young Joey. Saving Joey is available on amazon.com and other major retailers online and offline. Author Profile: Joseph K. Wood is a foundling. Abandoned as a newborn on the streets of Chicago, he would later be adopted from St. Vincent's Orphanage. Joseph became a teen leader in the tough neighborhood of Jeffery Manor. Since then he has grown and has held key leadership positions as a bank examiner with Illinois Commissioner of Banks, assistant director with the University of Chicago Booth School, head of recruitment at Walmart International, and Deputy Secretary of State for the Arkansas Secretary of State Office. Joseph Wood is an elected official and currently serves in Arkansas as the Washington County Judge. Wood is the author of two children's books, Saving Joey and Adopting Joey (Joey's Journey Series). He has written the forewords of two nonfiction books and he is currently writing his autobiography. Joseph lives in Fayetteville, Arkansas with his wife, June, daughters, and mother-in-law. Illustrator Profile: Theresa Cates is a native Arkansan. She started painting as a youth and found it was a necessary expression she could share with others. Both Mr. Wood and Ms. Cates may be reached through Joey's Journey web site, where readers may sign up to be notified about upcoming releases in the Joey's Journey Series; or to make an appointment for reading and/or painting workshops for school, class, church, or business groups. Kharis Publishing, an imprint of Kharis Media LLC, is a traditional publishing house located in Northwest Arkansas. The Publisher is focused on acquiring and releasing high impact books and giving authors a trusted platform to share their stories. Kharis Publishing is however driven by a core passion to establish mini-libraries or resource centers for orphanages in developing countries, so these kids will learn to read, dream, and grow. Ten percent of each book sold goes directly towards equipping these resource centers with books and computers. Every time you publish or purchase a book from Kharis Publishing, your partnership goes a long way, literally, towards giving these kids an amazing opportunity to read, dream, and grow. Learn more at www.kharispublishing.com. Contact Mary Gibson ***@gmail.com End Source : Kharis Publishing Email : ***@gmail.com Tags : Adoption Inclusion Diversity Industry : Publishing Location : Bentonville - Arkansas - United States Subject : Products Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Kharis Publishing News Kharis Publishing Shares an Opportunity to Help Orphans Take Charge of Their Future Kharis Publishing Releases a New Title: Discovering True Love Kharis Publishing Releases a New Title, Beer, Wine or Vodka:What Should I Drink And How Much Understanding Your Destiny: Finding Meaning in the Book of Ruth Covenant Childbirth: Spiritual Hope for Expectant Mothers and Families Struggling With Childbirth Trending Nolcha Shows Artist and Designers collaborate to benefit sexual assault education  Treehouse for Business launches Custom Tracks learning program Hear from Top US and International Biologics Experts at ACI's 8th Annual Summit on Biosimilars My/Mo Mochi Ice Cream Appoints Michele Kessler To Board of Directors Roswell UFO Crash Gets Commemorative Coin Daily News Stars of TV's Ghost Asylum Return for Public Ghost Hunt at Abandoned Kentucky Hospital - 734 views World Renowned Forensics Guru to Establish New Advanced Smart Television Network Featuring "Smart U with Dr. Joye" - 732 views SKA Consulting Engineers Announces New South Carolina Office - 461 views Veterans Village Calls for Public Support for Assisted Living Home for U.S. Veterans in Las Vegas - 383 views Corey Quaglia Named Director for Northwestern Mutual – Chicago - 209 views Weekly News Richie Sambora takes one-of-a-kind guitar auction at Barnstable to whole new level - 8618 views HRO Today Announces Winners of 2017 Talent Acquisition Leader of the Year Awards - 2057 views MSys Technologies Acquires Bengaluru based DigiFutura - 1669 views XTECH Equipment, Artist Troy "Kickasso," Cole, Partner On Exclusive 5th Anniversary Pad Design - 1037 views HRO Today Announces Winners of the 2017 CHRO of the Year Awards - 990 views Daily News Stars of TV's Ghost Asylum Return for Public Ghost Hunt at Abandoned Kentucky Hospital - 734 views World Renowned Forensics Guru to Establish New Advanced Smart Television Network Featuring "Smart U with Dr. Joye" - 732 views SKA Consulting Engineers Announces New South Carolina Office - 461 views Veterans Village Calls for Public Support for Assisted Living Home for U.S. Veterans in Las Vegas - 383 views Corey Quaglia Named Director for Northwestern Mutual – Chicago - 209 views Weekly News Richie Sambora takes one-of-a-kind guitar auction at Barnstable to whole new level - 8618 views HRO Today Announces Winners of 2017 Talent Acquisition Leader of the Year Awards - 2057 views MSys Technologies Acquires Bengaluru based DigiFutura - 1669 views XTECH Equipment, Artist Troy "Kickasso," Cole, Partner On Exclusive 5th Anniversary Pad Design - 1037 views HRO Today Announces Winners of the 2017 CHRO of the Year Awards - 990 views PTC News WWE® Superstars Seth Rollins® and Alexa Bliss™ Added to Wizard World Comic Con Des Moines - 266 views Tovero at Mare Island Grand Opens this Saturday, May 6 - 245 views Dalton Place Grand Opens in Covina Saturday, May 13th - 241 views John Cusack To Appear At Wizard World Comic Con Chicago, August 26-27 - 221 views Cavium to Demonstrate Newest Enterprise Connectivity and Datacenter Solutions at Dell EMC World 2017 - 136 views May 08, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends Consumer Trends Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Easter shift, milder winter slows Ingles Q2 comps May 08, 2017 Top 10 Gallery: Chapter 7 or Chapter 11? May 08, 2017 Kroger CIO: Data collection is our present and future May 05, 2017 Central has offer for 19 Strack & Van Til stores May 04, 2017 Schnucks names Peacock president, COO May 04, 2017 Featured Stater Bros. names Ciraulo SVP, fresh foods May 03, 2017 Amazon beats Street estimates in Q1 Apr 28, 2017 Enlightening news from the cows Apr 28, 2017 Senior staff set for Ahold Delhaize brands Apr 28, 2017 PCHS-NJROTC/Wikimedia Commons News>Retail & Financial Southeastern confirms 20 store closures; store management restructuring Department lead jobs to be affected; closures set next month Jon Springer | May 08, 2017 Southeastern Grocers is planning to close 20 stores across its footprint and may lay off an unspecified number of store-level department heads, a spokesman confirmed to SN Monday. The Jacksonville, Fla.-based retailer said the store closures were part of a customary portfolio review and in some cases accompany lease expirations or the effects of renovations of neighboring stores. Two Winn-Dixie stores that were closed as a result of flooding in Louisiana will also not reopen, local reports said. The store management changes, announced to staff late last week, involve the elimination of some department lead roles at stores. Those workers are eligible to apply for other open positions at the company. Those not re-hired by the end of the month are to be offered severance. “From time to time, the successful execution of our strategy will require us to make the difficult decision to close stores,” Southeastern Grocers spokesman Joe Caldwell told SN in an email. “As part of our stores’ portfolio review, we are seeking ways to optimize our network. This has involved expansion, format development, brand development and consolidation.” Caldwell added that the company was making “a limited number” of changes to certain roles and responsibilities in stores, but declined to provide further detail. He said those changes would support the addition of hourly workers in stores. “We are working hard to improve and create an efficient and effective store experience for our customers and our teams. These changes are designed to allow us to provide additional hours in those stores to serve our customers better, and will be rolling out over the next few weeks,” he said. Southeastern has spent much of the last two years in transition. In the last year alone the company renovated 90 of its 730 stores and established two new flagships. It introduced new pricing programs, rebranded its Harveys banner, introduced a new loyalty program and introduced the Hispanic-focused Fresco Y Mas brand at some Winn-Dixie stores. But the changes alone haven’t been enough to overcome difficult conditions, sources said. Revenues in 2016 fell by more than 7%, and same-store sales slid by 3.6%, as the company faced a range of challenges including deflation, more aggressive pricing from competitors like Walmart, and effects of changes to federal food-stamp programs that disproportionately affected many of its shoppers, according to a source briefed on the private company’s latest financial results. Southeastern is also in talks to refinance its debt, the source said. The planned store closures were announced locally. A spokesman was unable to immediately provide a list of all affected locations. Through local reports and other sources, SN was able to confirm the following store closures under SEG’s various banners, most set to occur next month: Winn-Dixie Anniston, Ala. Jacksonville, Fla. (Beach Boulevard) Orlando, Fla. Columbus, Ga. Gulfport, Miss. Meridian, Miss. In addition Winn-Dixie stores in Baton Rouge and Walker, La., closed due to flooding in August would reopen with new owners under the Shoppers Value Foods banner. Harveys Albany, Ga. Bi-Lo Charlotte, N.C. Columbus, N.C. Bluffton, S.C. Boiling Springs, S.C. Fort Mill, S.C. Orangeburg, S.C. (Riverside Drive) 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Easter shift, milder winter slows Ingles Q2 compsMay 08, 2017 Top 10 Gallery: Chapter 7 or Chapter 11?May 08, 2017 Kroger CIO: Data collection is our present and futureMay 05, 2017 Natural Grocers trims unit plans after soft sales in Q2May 05, 2017 Load More Next Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Business Highlights ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Business Highlights Published May 08, 2017 Markets Associated Press Facebook Twitter Print ___ Continue Reading Below In the bag: Coach buying Kate Spade for $2.4 billion NEW YORK (AP) — Coach will spend $2.4 billion for Kate Spade, tying together two premier brands in the luxury goods sector that have fought to snare younger shoppers. Noting that crucial demographic, Coach Inc. CEO Victor Luis said in a statement Monday that Kate Spade has a "strong awareness among consumers, especially millennials." Coach executives say that 60 percent of Kate Spade customers are in that group. ___ Sinclair to buy Tribune Media, expanding its local TV reach NEW YORK (AP) — Sinclair Broadcast Group, one of the nation's largest local TV station operators, wants to get even bigger. The company announced Monday that it will pay about $3.9 billion for Tribune Media, adding more than 40 stations including KTLA in Los Angeles, WPIX in New York and WGN in Chicago. Tribune also has stakes in the Food Network and job-search website CareerBuilder. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT ___ Comcast, Charter to cooperate as threats from wireless grow NEW YORK (AP) — Cable operators Comcast and Charter Communications said Monday that they will work together as they prepare to offer cellphone plans to customers. As part of the deal, Comcast and Charter agreed that they wouldn't buy other wireless companies for one year, or make related deals without consulting each other first. ___ UN climate talks begin amid uncertainty over US position BONN, Germany (AP) — Despite uncertainties about whether the United States will remain committed to the Paris climate accord under President Donald Trump, envoys convened talks Monday in Germany on implementing the details of the deal to combat global warming. During ten days of talks in the western city of Bonn, officials will try to agree on how to implement the 2015 Paris Agreement to cut carbon emissions, a treaty that former U.S. President Barack Obama's government played a leading role in forging. ___ Trump administration hollows out EPA science integrity board WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration will not reappoint half the expert members of a board that advises the Environmental Protection Agency on the integrity of its science. The decision is the latest in a series of moves that could benefit industries whose pollution is regulated by the agency. Board of Scientific Counselors Chairwoman Deborah Swackhamer said Monday that nine of the 18 outside experts on her panel saw their three-year terms expire April 30. She said that in past they would routinely have been reappointed to a second term. ___ Trump in-laws promote thorny visa-for-sale program in China WASHINGTON (AP) — The Kushner Companies has apologized for including the name of President Donald Trump's son-in-law in materials promoting a New Jersey development to foreign investors seeking potential U.S. residency. Jared Kushner himself is not involved in his family's project. But his family ties have drawn new scrutiny to the EB-5 visa program. The program offers foreign citizens who invest at least $500,000 in the United States a fast track to a green card. ___ Bumble Bee Foods fined $25 million, admits price fixing SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Tuna-canning company Bumble Bee Foods has agreed to pay a $25 million fine after pleading guilty to conspiring with competitors to fix prices, the U.S. Department of Justice said Monday. The San Diego-based company will also cooperate with an ongoing antitrust investigation into the packaged seafood industry, the federal agency said. ___ Target testing a restocking program for household essentials NEW YORK (AP) — Target is testing a program that lets customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry, and comes as Target is trying to enhance its online services to better compete with Wal-Mart and online leader Amazon. ___ Facebook removes accounts in fight against fake news LONDON (AP) — Facebook says it has deleted tens of thousands of accounts in Britain ahead of the June 8 general election in a drive to battle fake news. The tech giant also took out newspaper advertisements in Britain's media offering advice on how to spot such stories. The ads suggest that readers should be "skeptical of headlines," and to "look closely at the URL." ___ The Standard & Poor's 500 index wafted up and down through the day before ending at 2,399.38, up by just 0.09 of a point. The Dow Jones industrial average likewise edged up a fraction of a percent, adding 5.34 points to 21,012.28. The Nasdaq composite rose 1.90 points, or less than 0.1 percent, to 6,102.66. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 21 cents to settle at $46.43 per barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, rose 24 cents to settle at $49.34 a barrel. Natural gas fell 9 cents to $3.17 per 1,000 cubic feet, heating oil rose 2 cents to $1.46 per gallon and wholesale gasoline added a penny to $1.52 per gallon. Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live The Empire State Building lit blue and yellow in honor of EU Day View of downtown Manhattan from the Brooklyn Bridge Live look of the George Washington Bridge in NYC RADAR: Severe thunderstorm watch in Colorado Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Kittens nap and play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Penguins chill at the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Live look at the beach surf in Long Beach Island, NY More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Business Highlights By the associated press May 8, 2017, 5:45 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email ___ In the bag: Coach buying Kate Spade for $2.4 billion NEW YORK (AP) — Coach will spend $2.4 billion for Kate Spade, tying together two premier brands in the luxury goods sector that have fought to snare younger shoppers. Noting that crucial demographic, Coach Inc. CEO Victor Luis said in a statement Monday that Kate Spade has a "strong awareness among consumers, especially millennials." Coach executives say that 60 percent of Kate Spade customers are in that group. ——— Sinclair to buy Tribune Media, expanding its local TV reach NEW YORK (AP) — Sinclair Broadcast Group, one of the nation's largest local TV station operators, wants to get even bigger. The company announced Monday that it will pay about $3.9 billion for Tribune Media, adding more than 40 stations including KTLA in Los Angeles, WPIX in New York and WGN in Chicago. Tribune also has stakes in the Food Network and job-search website CareerBuilder. ——— Comcast, Charter to cooperate as threats from wireless grow NEW YORK (AP) — Cable operators Comcast and Charter Communications said Monday that they will work together as they prepare to offer cellphone plans to customers. As part of the deal, Comcast and Charter agreed that they wouldn't buy other wireless companies for one year, or make related deals without consulting each other first. ——— UN climate talks begin amid uncertainty over US position BONN, Germany (AP) — Despite uncertainties about whether the United States will remain committed to the Paris climate accord under President Donald Trump, envoys convened talks Monday in Germany on implementing the details of the deal to combat global warming. During ten days of talks in the western city of Bonn, officials will try to agree on how to implement the 2015 Paris Agreement to cut carbon emissions, a treaty that former U.S. President Barack Obama's government played a leading role in forging. ——— Trump administration hollows out EPA science integrity board WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration will not reappoint half the expert members of a board that advises the Environmental Protection Agency on the integrity of its science. The decision is the latest in a series of moves that could benefit industries whose pollution is regulated by the agency. Board of Scientific Counselors Chairwoman Deborah Swackhamer said Monday that nine of the 18 outside experts on her panel saw their three-year terms expire April 30. She said that in past they would routinely have been reappointed to a second term. ——— Trump in-laws promote thorny visa-for-sale program in China WASHINGTON (AP) — The Kushner Companies has apologized for including the name of President Donald Trump's son-in-law in materials promoting a New Jersey development to foreign investors seeking potential U.S. residency. Jared Kushner himself is not involved in his family's project. But his family ties have drawn new scrutiny to the EB-5 visa program. The program offers foreign citizens who invest at least $500,000 in the United States a fast track to a green card. ——— Bumble Bee Foods fined $25 million, admits price fixing SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Tuna-canning company Bumble Bee Foods has agreed to pay a $25 million fine after pleading guilty to conspiring with competitors to fix prices, the U.S. Department of Justice said Monday. The San Diego-based company will also cooperate with an ongoing antitrust investigation into the packaged seafood industry, the federal agency said. ——— Target testing a restocking program for household essentials NEW YORK (AP) — Target is testing a program that lets customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry, and comes as Target is trying to enhance its online services to better compete with Wal-Mart and online leader Amazon. ——— Facebook removes accounts in fight against fake news LONDON (AP) — Facebook says it has deleted tens of thousands of accounts in Britain ahead of the June 8 general election in a drive to battle fake news. The tech giant also took out newspaper advertisements in Britain's media offering advice on how to spot such stories. The ads suggest that readers should be "skeptical of headlines," and to "look closely at the URL." ——— The Standard & Poor's 500 index wafted up and down through the day before ending at 2,399.38, up by just 0.09 of a point. The Dow Jones industrial average likewise edged up a fraction of a percent, adding 5.34 points to 21,012.28. The Nasdaq composite rose 1.90 points, or less than 0.1 percent, to 6,102.66. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 21 cents to settle at $46.43 per barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, rose 24 cents to settle at $49.34 a barrel. Natural gas fell 9 cents to $3.17 per 1,000 cubic feet, heating oil rose 2 cents to $1.46 per gallon and wholesale gasoline added a penny to $1.52 per gallon. 0 Shares Email Star Comments Business Highlights " Acting attorney general fired by Trump stands by decision not to defend travel ban " Phoenix police announce arrest in serial street shootings " White House climate change meeting postponed " AP Exclusive: Big child webcam sex bust reveals rising abuse " Senate confirms Trump's choice for Air Force secretary " Iran tested high-speed torpedo in the Strait of Hormuz, US official says " North Korea claims plot reveals US state-sponsored terrorism " Facebook removes accounts in fight against fake news " Everything you need to know about France's new president " Soldier surprises dad at building company where they both work " Video of 1-year-old girl speaking in perfect sentences goes viral " Mom lives out prom experience as son's date " Tiara adorned with 367 diamonds stolen from German museum " College graduate celebrates when she gets a job offer during graduation " Ohio couple with 5 biological children adopts 6 siblings: 'They're definitely my children' " Great-grandmother, 80, celebrates 60th anniversary in her vintage $69.95 wedding gown " ACLU sues for documents in Yemen raid that killed Navy SEAL " Arrest made in abduction, sexual assault of 4-year-old girl " Tillerson to discuss Syria crisis with Russian counterpart " Mattis: US reviewing Syria safe zones but has many questions " Court issues final ruling reinstating Skakel conviction " Syrian refugees name baby for Canadian PM Justin Trudeau " NYC investigators accuse Rikers Island official of spying " Kansas bail bondsman gets life for killing son fed to pigs " Georgia wildfire: evacuations ordered though many stay put " Jury selection begins in Oklahoma cop's manslaughter trial " No evidence that man accused of killing 2 Boston doctors knew victims: District attorney " How 'Trumpcare' could affect ongoing opioid epidemic " 3 generations of nurses work in same specialty over 8 decades " California teen headed from Compton to Harvard University " Sinkholes now appearing in the wrong places " What you need to know about the 4 Americans detained in North Korea " Sara Bareilles: 'My life is so different because of "Waitress"' " Meghan Markle, Prince Harry show PDA for 1st time " More distressing fashion news: Neiman Marcus sells $1,425 torn sneakers
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Joe Montana sues SF’s Millennium Tower developers Warriors-Jazz playoff series, by the numbers (part one) SF officers using less force overall, but racial disparities Trump’s travel ban faces crucial test in federal appeals court News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA Iranian state TV: Death toll in mine explosion rises to 42 France's new leader untested on foreign policy, but no dummy Shares mixed in Asia as SKorea elects new president The Latest: SKorea expects higher voter turnout than in 2012 Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Draymond Green’s triple-double only part of his contribution Lowrie’s HR is 3rd straight walk-off Warriors ride big 1st quarter, sweep Jazz Giants hit 2 homers in New York but lose again Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Coach buys Kate Spade; Facebook shaming; a $500,000 Oreo Speakeasy Ales & Lagers gets new owner, bar taps will stay open Business News Roundup, May 9 Suicide online: Facebook aims to save lives with new actions A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do Feist makes low-key return with ‘Pleasure’ The latest from Dear Abby Folk music at the core of new cello concerto Kevin Garcia, Grandaddy bassist and co-founder, dies at 41 Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog These SF spots still have reservations available for Mother's Day Häagen-Dazs' free ice cream cone day hits Bay Area Tuesday A Mano opens today in Hayes Valley Tartine Manufactory nabs spot on Food & Wine's Restaurants of the Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis People hate Dove's new ad campaign, despite well-meaning message Instagrammer discovers the shapes of San Francisco 10 clever camping hacks Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips New and renovated SF hotels ready for summer season Hangzhou: Dynamic city steeped in ancient mystique Pint-size carry-ons that fit new budget fare limits Suite Spot: Il Sereno Lago di Como, Italy Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Martinez bungalow with marine views, backyard waterfall asks Ken Fulk-designed condo in new luxury building 980-square-foot cottage in Palo Alto sells for $623K over asking Imagine the acoustics in this turreted master bath in Noe Valley Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Busting through job search fears How can I make my career dream a reality? Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/business/article/Business-Highlights-11130583.php Business Highlights The Associated Press Updated 2:48 pm, Monday, May 8, 2017 ___ In the bag: Coach buying Kate Spade for $2.4 billion NEW YORK (AP) — Coach will spend $2.4 billion for Kate Spade, tying together two premier brands in the luxury goods sector that have fought to snare younger shoppers. Noting that crucial demographic, Coach Inc. CEO Victor Luis said in a statement Monday that Kate Spade has a "strong awareness among consumers, especially millennials." Coach executives say that 60 percent of Kate Spade customers are in that group. ___ Sinclair to buy Tribune Media, expanding its local TV reach NEW YORK (AP) — Sinclair Broadcast Group, one of the nation's largest local TV station operators, wants to get even bigger. The company announced Monday that it will pay about $3.9 billion for Tribune Media, adding more than 40 stations including KTLA in Los Angeles, WPIX in New York and WGN in Chicago. Tribune also has stakes in the Food Network and job-search website CareerBuilder. ___ Latest business videos Comcast, Charter to cooperate as threats from wireless grow NEW YORK (AP) — Cable operators Comcast and Charter Communications said Monday that they will work together as they prepare to offer cellphone plans to customers. As part of the deal, Comcast and Charter agreed that they wouldn't buy other wireless companies for one year, or make related deals without consulting each other first. ___ UN climate talks begin amid uncertainty over US position BONN, Germany (AP) — Despite uncertainties about whether the United States will remain committed to the Paris climate accord under President Donald Trump, envoys convened talks Monday in Germany on implementing the details of the deal to combat global warming. During ten days of talks in the western city of Bonn, officials will try to agree on how to implement the 2015 Paris Agreement to cut carbon emissions, a treaty that former U.S. President Barack Obama's government played a leading role in forging. ___ Trump administration hollows out EPA science integrity board WASHINGTON (AP) — The Trump administration will not reappoint half the expert members of a board that advises the Environmental Protection Agency on the integrity of its science. The decision is the latest in a series of moves that could benefit industries whose pollution is regulated by the agency. Board of Scientific Counselors Chairwoman Deborah Swackhamer said Monday that nine of the 18 outside experts on her panel saw their three-year terms expire April 30. She said that in past they would routinely have been reappointed to a second term. ___ Trump in-laws promote thorny visa-for-sale program in China WASHINGTON (AP) — The Kushner Companies has apologized for including the name of President Donald Trump's son-in-law in materials promoting a New Jersey development to foreign investors seeking potential U.S. residency. Jared Kushner himself is not involved in his family's project. But his family ties have drawn new scrutiny to the EB-5 visa program. The program offers foreign citizens who invest at least $500,000 in the United States a fast track to a green card. ___ Bumble Bee Foods fined $25 million, admits price fixing SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — Tuna-canning company Bumble Bee Foods has agreed to pay a $25 million fine after pleading guilty to conspiring with competitors to fix prices, the U.S. Department of Justice said Monday. The San Diego-based company will also cooperate with an ongoing antitrust investigation into the packaged seafood industry, the federal agency said. ___ Target testing a restocking program for household essentials NEW YORK (AP) — Target is testing a program that lets customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry, and comes as Target is trying to enhance its online services to better compete with Wal-Mart and online leader Amazon. ___ Facebook removes accounts in fight against fake news LONDON (AP) — Facebook says it has deleted tens of thousands of accounts in Britain ahead of the June 8 general election in a drive to battle fake news. The tech giant also took out newspaper advertisements in Britain's media offering advice on how to spot such stories. The ads suggest that readers should be "skeptical of headlines," and to "look closely at the URL." ___ The Standard & Poor's 500 index wafted up and down through the day before ending at 2,399.38, up by just 0.09 of a point. The Dow Jones industrial average likewise edged up a fraction of a percent, adding 5.34 points to 21,012.28. The Nasdaq composite rose 1.90 points, or less than 0.1 percent, to 6,102.66. Benchmark U.S. crude rose 21 cents to settle at $46.43 per barrel. Brent crude, the international standard, rose 24 cents to settle at $49.34 a barrel. Natural gas fell 9 cents to $3.17 per 1,000 cubic feet, heating oil rose 2 cents to $1.46 per gallon and wholesale gasoline added a penny to $1.52 per gallon. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. WARRIORS GAME 4 Warriors complete second straight playoff sweep Draymond Green won’t hide feelings about Celtics’ Olynyk Warriors-Jazz playoff series, by the numbers LATEST NEWS Joe Montana sues SF’s Millennium Tower developers An Italian village wants to pay people over $2,000 to move there A’s walk off again, on Lowrie HR SF officers using less force, but racial disparities remain Man arrested in mid-afternoon East Oakland stabbing death Giants hit two homers in New York but lose again Dublin family seeks $3 million over BART teen mob robbery California high court rules on work-week issues Mill Valley 'treehouse' accessible only by mountain trail Tiny Mill Valley home on market for $649,000 Rockridge dump receives 19 offers, sells over asking In Sausalito, a massive $1.5 million home that floats FBI arrests recent Aptos High grad over child porn Sheriff: Child molester admits to ‘disturbing’ killing Why people love to hate Californians How to be a Californian: A look at the good and bad stereotypes Is this child star, 17, too young to be SF substitute teacher? Public schools balk at pediatric pot patients TODAY'S TOP PICKS California taxi driver detained at immigration check-in In-N-Out's 35-year-old president/new billionaire: What we know Man leaves pineapple in museum, people think it's art Most Popular 1 Mill Valley 'treehouse' accessible only by 130-step mountain... 2 Dublin family seeks $3 million over BART teen mob robbery 3 FBI arrests recent Aptos High grad for manufacturing... 4 Joe Montana sues SF’s Millennium Tower developers 5 Everything we know about In-N-Out's reclusive 35-year-old... 6 Sierra LaMar jury reaches verdict in murder case 7 Warriors ride big 1st quarter, sweep Jazz 8 Sad ending in search for service dog — foul play possible 9 Group that skipped on bar bill pays up after online shaming 10 2 from Daly City arrested in SF shooting death View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
2 suspects face murder charges in connection with stabbing death - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Politics Derby 2017 Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video Jefferson Awards WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford Derby 2017 U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Keith Kaiser Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Jefferson Awards Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau 2 suspects face murder charges in connection with stabbing death of man near Jefferson Memorial Forest Posted: Monday, May 8, 2017 5:43 PM EDT Updated: Monday, May 8, 2017 5:54 PM EDT Misty McKnight Robert Carpenter Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> WARNING: New street drug dubbed 'gray death' can kill with one dose WARNING: New street drug dubbed 'gray death' can kill with one dose Updated: Monday, May 8 2017 3:03 PM EDT2017-05-08 19:03:28 GMT The drug cocktail being investigated for overdose deaths in three states. More >> The drug cocktail being investigated for overdose deaths in three states.More >> Woman's body -- along with 31 dogs -- found in 'deplorable' LaRue County trailer Woman's body -- along with 31 dogs -- found in 'deplorable' LaRue County trailer Updated: Monday, May 8 2017 8:03 PM EDT2017-05-09 00:03:12 GMT A woman has been found dead in her LaRue County home, along with dozens of dogs fighting for food amid filth, feces and fleas.More >> A woman has been found dead in her LaRue County home, along with dozens of dogs fighting for food amid filth, feces and fleas.More >> Louisville man charged with attempted murder Louisville man charged with attempted murder Updated: Monday, May 8 2017 9:31 AM EDT2017-05-08 13:31:37 GMT Police say the suspect shot a victim several times. More >> Police say the suspect shot a victim several times.More >> Nelson County inmate accused of raping woman during work release Nelson County inmate accused of raping woman during work release Updated: Monday, May 8 2017 10:56 PM EDT2017-05-09 02:56:13 GMT Police say a Nelson County inmate raped a woman just minutes after was released from jail. More >> Police say a Nelson County inmate raped a woman just minutes after was released from jail.More >> Louisville man arrested after allegedly holding mother hostage, prompting SWAT situation Louisville man arrested after allegedly holding mother hostage, prompting SWAT situation Updated: Monday, May 8 2017 10:18 AM EDT2017-05-08 14:18:57 GMT Police say he got mad at his own mother when she tried to call police, so he held her hostage at gunpoint.More >> Police say he got mad at his own mother when she tried to call police, so he held her hostage at gunpoint.More >> Louisville auto shop scammed out of thousands of dollars with fake checks Louisville auto shop scammed out of thousands of dollars with fake checks Updated: Monday, May 8 2017 4:48 PM EDT2017-05-08 20:48:05 GMT The Better Business Bureau says check scams are common, but it said a new one targeting a Louisville body shop one is different because there was accurate information on the fake checks.More >> The Better Business Bureau says check scams are common, but it said a new one targeting a Louisville body shop one is different because there was accurate information on the fake checks.More >> Shively Police may know who killed man found shot in truck Saturday Shively Police may know who killed man found shot in truck Saturday Updated: Monday, May 8 2017 7:18 PM EDT2017-05-08 23:18:23 GMT Shively Police says a weekend homicide victim was running for his life after being shot while driving down 7th Street Road.More >> Shively Police says a weekend homicide victim was running for his life after being shot while driving down 7th Street Road.More >> UPS aircraft mechanics protest outside Jeffersonville Amazon fulfillment center UPS aircraft mechanics protest outside Jeffersonville Amazon fulfillment center Updated: Monday, May 8 2017 3:36 PM EDT2017-05-08 19:36:55 GMT UPS airplane mechanics and other support staff protested Monday outside the Amazon Fulfillment center in Jeffersonville. More >> UPS airplane mechanics and other support staff protested Monday outside the Amazon Fulfillment center in Jeffersonville.More >>    LOUISVILLE, Ky. (WDRB) -- The two suspects accused of killing a man who offered to give them a ride is now back in Louisville. Misty McKnight, 39, and Robert Carpenter, 37, were booked into Metro Corrections on Monday. The two are accused of stabbing 31-year-old Joshua Cambron in April and then leaving his body in a creek off Bearcamp Road near Jefferson Memorial Forest. Police say it all started after Cambron offered to give the two a ride from the Walmart on Outer Loop. The suspects were later found in Ohio with the victim's car. McKnight and Carpenter faces several charges, including murder and kidnapping resulting in murder. Related Stories: Two arrested in Ohio after man found dead near Jefferson Memorial Forest Copyright 2017 WDRB Media. All rights reserved. Sign Up for WDRB's Sports Newsletter Email Address * Logged in as: Log intoMember Center Not you?Log out * denotes required fields WDRB%20Sports%20Newsletter Thank you for signing up! You will receive a confirmation email shortly. Closed CaptioningMore>> Closed Captioning Message Thanks to support from Norton Healthcare, this story and others are available in real-time closed captioning on WDRB. Thanks to support from Norton Healthcare, this story and others are available in real-time closed captioning on WDRB.More >> WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Nonprofit News Powered by Members Raise Your Voice Donate Get the Morning Report go Facts Matter. Invest in the Truth. Help VOSD raise $100,000 in our spring campaign. Toggle navigation Voice of San Diego Topics Arts/Culture Education Economy Food Government Growth and Housing Headlines Land Use Nonprofits/Community Opinion Politics Public Safety Science/Environment Sports Top Stories All Recent Stories Border Graduation Rates Homelessness Housing Pensions Podcasts School Finances Water Programming Content Sharing Policy Events Fact Check Newsletters Podcasts Podcast Production Services San Diego Explained Scott Lewis on Politics Voice Magazine Partner Voices Partner Voices Home FAQs About Partner Voices About About Us Contact Us Content Sharing Policy What We Stand For Board of Directors Top Donors Member List Funding Options Sponsorships Podcast Production Services Submit a Commentary Join In Donate Today Renew Today Member Benefits Register to Comment/Follow Log In Jacobs Center Is Changing Its Strategy After Years of Stalled Development Progress The Jacobs Center for Neighborhood Innovation’s long-running effort to revitalize 60 acres in southeastern San Diego has been plagued by roadblocks, including some of the its own making. Photo by Jamie Scott Lytle Jacobs Center CEO Reginald Jones surveys one of the nonprofit's properties. Partner Voices Subscribe to San Diego's top stories. Sign Up By Lisa Halverstadt | 10 hours ago Years ago, southeastern San Diego residents were urged to imagine something more on 60 vacant, grass-covered acres that sit just blocks from a bustling trolley stop and a freeway exit – properties that would be highly coveted if they were almost anywhere else in San Diego. But more than half of the properties the Jacobs Center for Neighborhood Innovation began buying up about a decade ago still sit dormant. Disillusionment and frustration has set in among residents who were told the properties would be developed into community assets that would revitalize the neighborhood. Now the Jacobs Center is trying a different tack to bring in businesses, retail and housing. CEO Reginald Jones, who took the helm four years ago, has declared that the nonprofit will partner with developers rather than do that work itself. It’ll likely even sell some of its land. Jones says the nonprofit’s committed and that obstacles are falling away but it’s difficult to predict exactly what’s going to happen. He’s not offering specifics yet. What is clear is that the nonprofit has struggled to cope with an onslaught of roadblocks, including some of its own making. On top of the recession and long-standing infrastructure and zoning challenges, it’s wrestled with doubts about whether it’s got the mettle to do what it’s promised amid waves of layoffs and stalled progress. Community support has fallen off, and the residents who are interested want different things. Along the way, Jacobs managed to build a shopping center at Market Street and Euclid Avenue with a grocery store and a Starbucks. It’s welcomed the area’s first drugstore, teamed with a developer on an affordable housing project, invested millions into a creek restoration project and opened the Joe and Vi Jacobs Center, a community meeting space that’s also the nonprofit’s headquarters. Help Us Raise $100k By the End of May I would like to donate $ Per Month Per Year One Time Donate Now What benefits do VOSD members get? Under Jones’ watch, the nonprofit’s hired a well-respected real estate consultant to help create a new development plan and promote its properties. It’s also celebrated the City Council approval of a new community plan, an upcoming street upgrade project and a unique agreement with Mayor Kevin Faulconer’s office meant to prioritize approvals on Jacobs properties. Last year, Jacobs brought in former Civic San Diego official Richard Seges to implement its new master plan. “We have removed the barriers,” Jones said. Jones now wants to have all the Jacobs land developed by 2021. Walking the properties last month, he spoke passionately about the potential of empty lots he hopes will soon be home to mixed-use developments. He also hinted at coming announcements of deals with developers. Yet skepticism remains among residents and those who’ve worked with the nonprofit. “I don’t know if they have the wherewithal,” said Kahlada Salaam-Alaji, a resident who was once more involved in Jacobs efforts. Like many others, Salaam-Alaji lost faith when projects didn’t materialize. Brian Trotier, who once led southeastern San Diego’s redevelopment agency, commended Jacobs for its more recent adjustments to address what wasn’t working – including the new master plan and partnership strategy – but noted years of stagnation could have a chilling effect. “They’re pivoting,” Trotier said. “I just question if they’re pivoting too late.” Even Charles Davis, who served as Jacobs’ director of project development from 2006 to 2013, questions whether Jacobs has what it takes. “You just don’t have the expertise and commitment to get this done,” said Davis, who said he appreciates the investment the Jacobs family has made up to this point. Photo by Sam Hodgson Charles Davis, then the project development director for the Jacobs Center for Neighborhood Innovation, shows off plans for the area surrounding Market Creek Plaza in 2013. The land and the market are ripe for transformational development, Davis said, but it’s not clear whether Jacobs has the technical expertise and capacity to do all it’s promised. Former Jacobs executives including Davis say the family predicted some of the challenges their effort faced when they first set their sights on southeastern San Diego years ago. They recognized the area’s bad reputation had deterred others and that the neighborhood was in need of many amenities and upgrades. Former Jacobs Center CEO Jennifer Vanica, who led the nonprofit until mid-2011, said the Jacobses chose to invest in southeastern San Diego precisely because they believed their effort would spur more development and that residents could support the development. They believed their work could help counteract years of disinvestment. The former community plan for the area and requirements set by now-shuttered redevelopment agency Southeastern Economic Development Corporation added uncertainties and costs. The city’s community plan for the area didn’t allow for much density or mixed-used developments, so pursuing them meant enduring drawn-out permitting processes. At the same time, southeastern San Diego was beset with decades-old infrastructure and wasn’t receiving significant city resources for upgrades. In late 2015, the City Council approved a new, less restrictive community plan for the area that includes the Jacobs properties, and the city’s started to step up its infrastructure investments. The city’s also committed to a large-scale street upgrade project Jones believes could make projects in the area more attractive to developers. Vanica said the nonprofit had waited on those things for years. “If you were looking for an easy property to develop and wanted a smooth timeline and wanted limited risk, this would not be the part of town you would pick,” Vanica said. The Jacobs Center managed to build Market Creek Plaza and the Joe and Vi Jacobs Center despite the risks. Then a recession hit, stalling development throughout the city. Gov. Jerry Brown’s decision to end redevelopment, which had provided a revenue stream for revitalization projects, didn’t help either. Still, development experts who’ve talked with the Jacobs Center over the years say its leadership bears some responsibility for the lack of progress. The Jacobs family and the nonprofit’s former leaders had been in denial about challenges they faced and were for years unwilling to act on outsiders’ advice on what wasn’t working, they say. “Early on, the Jacobses thought they could do everything,” said Mirle Rabinowitz Bussell, a San Diego State researcher who co-wrote a 2013 book on philanthropic community-building efforts, including Jacobs. “I think they were unrealistic in their ambitions.” Bold proposals Jacobs leaders described to residents only complicated matters. Hundreds attended meetings to offer feedback on plans over the years. Jacobs publicly floated the possibility of a movie theater, a charter school, a Walmart, a hotel and an In-N-Out Burger, among many other ideas, for its properties. All that discussion was by design. Jacobs wanted the community to drive its development plans. They sought feedback on what residents wanted and then consulted them as possibilities seemed to solidify. Many things they discussed didn’t happen. Fearing that outcome, Trotier said he tried to warn the Jacobs years ago. He recalls telling Jacobs family members that much of the development residents wanted wasn’t feasible in southeastern San Diego at the time they sought it, and that they needed to be more honest about that. “Nobody wanted to tell the community the whole truth and nothing but the truth,” Trotier said. “Everybody wanted to tell the community what they wanted to hear.” Davis said Jacobs failed to fully educate residents about what the market could support and compromises that could facilitate development. The family seemed to naively think it could succeed despite others’ warnings, he said. “I don’t think they purposely misled,” Davis said. “They thought if the people wanted it, that was gonna happen, marketplace be damned.” The Jacobs’ approach differs from that of Price Philanthropies, a similar place-based charitable effort. That foundation bought and developed more than 50 acres in City Heights with a new library, police station and housing over a decade. Price sought community feedback but then quickly proceeded. When that effort started, City Heights didn’t have the outspoken roster of community activists present in southeastern San Diego. “[Jacobs was] more of a planning agency and we were more of an action, build-it-now kind of organization,” said former city manager Jack McGrory, who led Price’s development effort. Davis, who worked for Jacobs and assisted on multiple Price projects, said the team behind the Price developments also benefited from a willingness to invite outside experts to lead the way on projects they had experience executing. “Jacobs never would do that,” Davis said. Vanica defended Jacobs’ past decisions and messaging to the community. She said Jacobs leadership tried to be open about obstacles as they came up and invited the community to grapple with them. She also said Jacobs hired rather than partnered with experts due to a general lack of interest from developers. “If you only look at it only from a development point of view, you probably would do it differently but if you have to balance that with community-building, and not coming in and taking over the right for people to weigh in on what their own historical neighborhoods have been like, then you’ve got to think about it differently,” Vanica said. The Jacobs Center has since changed a key aspect of its approach. Jones, the current Jacobs CEO, said he recognized the need for a shift toward partnerships with outsiders. He points to the 2016 opening of Trolley Park Terrace, a 52-unit affordable housing project developed by Chelsea Investment Corp., as an example of a successful partnership. Jones has said the nonprofit remains focused on luring development that reflects what southeastern San Diego residents want. But Jacobs’ balancing act with the community has led to decisions that frustrate developers interested in working with the nonprofit. For example, residents have emphasized they want new housing to serve varied income levels rather than solely low-income residents. Yet Jones said nearly all the responses Jacobs received following a recent request for proposal process for two Jacobs parcels pitched affordable-housing projects. “I will go on record saying you can’t build out a community through all low-income housing tax credit projects,” Jones said. “We must have a mixed-income strategy. Our community roundtable, residents at the roundtable, have spoken to that.” Jacobs’ feeling that it must proceed with the right kinds of development, plus multiple staffing cuts and the need for the entirely family-run Jacobs board to sign off on proposals, have led to confusion about what Jacobs wants to pursue on its properties. Stories abound of stops and starts, and of initiatives and plans that later faded. Diane Moss, managing director of urban agriculture nonprofit Project New Village, said she submitted a proposal to Jacobs last year for a temporary community garden on one of Jacobs’ vacant properties only to go months without hearing from the nonprofit. Jacobs had urged her to get involved. Like many longtime southeastern San Diego residents, Moss recalls once feeling optimistic about possibilities for the Jacobs properties. Now she’s cautious – including about her own proposal. “We are told they have a master plan,” Moss said. “They are moving forward, we hear, and that’s all we know.” Jones and the Jacobs family said the nonprofit is taking steps to make the longtime vision a reality. “Work is in process and we expect to succeed,” they wrote in a statement. This article relates to: Must Reads, Nonprofits/Community, Southeastern San Diego Written by Lisa Halverstadt Lisa writes about nonprofits and local progress in addressing causes like homelessness and Balboa Park’s needs. She welcomes story tips and questions. Contact her directly at lisa@vosd.org or 619.325.0528. Partner Voices Related Articles Jacobs Center Uncertain How to End Itself as Promised Nonprofits/Community, Southeastern San Diego Jacobs Center, Southeastern San Diego Landholder, Sheds Key Staff in Upheaval Nonprofits/Community, Southeastern San Diego San Diego Explained: Chollas Creek to Get an Artful Upgrade Arts/Culture, Parks, Public Art, San Diego Explained Comments We're striving for the best possible discussion and may delete comments using our editorial judgment. To read our full comment policy, click here. This entry was posted in Must Reads, Nonprofits/Community, Southeastern San Diego and tagged Jacobs Center For Neighborhood Innovation, jacobs center, Southeastern San Diego. Bookmark the permalink. Post navigation ← Morning Report: Some Climate Action Plan Goals Are Baseless, Emails Say Mayor’s Homelessness Czar Is Out → 0 comments   Get Livefyre FAQ Sign in + Follow Post comment   Link Newest | Oldest The Latest San Diego Labor Council Leaders Form New Coalition After Being Ousted by National AFL-CIO Mayor’s Homelessness Czar Is Out Morning Report: Some Climate Action Plan Goals Are Baseless, Emails Say Emails: Some Climate Action Plan Goals Were ‘Not Based on Anything’ What We Learned This Week Morning Report: Summer Stephan, No Holds Barred Top Stories: Apr. 29-May 5 VOSD Podcast: Why You Should Care About Electricity Contracts Special Podcast: What Makes Summer Stephan Throw Up Stephan to a Growing Chorus of DA Appointment Critics: ‘Come Out and Face Me’ Sacramento Report: What NAFTA Means to California Morning Report: Hard Numbers on Students Leaving Schools San Diego Explained: Replacing District Attorney Bonnie Dumanis New San Diego Unified Data Offers Clearest View Yet of How Many Students Left for Charters Good Schools for All: What Works Best for English-Learners Morning Report: What to Do with SDG&E’s Long Contracts North County Report: Will Oceanside Council District Shakeup Create Business Deserts? Under New SDG&E Plan, Customers Who Leave Could Keep Paying for Decades Morning Report: Chula Vista Clears Out Car Bound Culture Report: Tidelands Turned Community Stage Chula Vista Sees Homelessness Drop Following Measure Targeting Large Vehicles Morning Report: San Diego’s Wary Eye on the Peso District Layoffs Will Push More Families to Charters and Private Schools ‘Our Economies Are Completely Tied': Why Trump’s Threats Worry Business Leaders Border Report: Border Wall Funding Still Uncertain as Plans Move Forward Morning Report: Top DA Candidate Talks ICE, Body Cameras and More DA Candidate Fields Our Biggest Criminal Justice Questions What We Learned This Week Morning Report: Water Authority Doesn’t Want to Pay to Test Water Top Stories: Apr. 22-Apr. 28 VOSD Podcast: Why We Stood and Delivered Grad Rate Reporting Sacramento Report: A Social Media Star Is Born in the Assembly Water Authority Rejects ‘Sexy’ Proposal to Test Schools’ Water for Lead San Diego Is Awash in Craft Beer – and Its Sticky, Smelly Byproduct Morning Report: When Children Are Stranded By Deportation San Diego Explained: District Layoffs Hit Poor Schools Hardest East Village Is Quietly Becoming an Education Powerhouse When Deportations Leave Children Stranded, a Messy System Takes Over Lilac Hills Ranch Is Still Alive Morning Report: Top Cop Points Finger at Media Once More Zimmerman Blames SDPD’s Struggle to Recruit on the Media — Again SANDAG Bill Would Set Up a Classic Case of Taxation Without Representation North County Report: Street Homelessness Is on the Rise Morning Report: State’s Not to Blame for District’s Mess Culture Report: Building Art, Not Walls Fact Check: California’s Not to Blame for District Budget Woes Morning Report: San Diego’s Starring Role in the Border Wall Plans San Diego Braces for Role as Border Wall Guinea Pig Morning Report: San Diego Unified Unlawfully Kept Emails Secret San Diego Unified Improperly Withheld Emails in Marne Foster Scandal Kelly Abbott “VOSD answers the questions I had in mind” - Kelly Abbott Anthony Wagner "Our greatest civic accomplishments have yet to be realized." - Anthony Wagner Samantha Olinger “San Diego ought to be the world’s best city for bicycling.” - Samantha Ollinger Carolyn Chase “I simply care about a world that works.” - Carolyn Chase Chelsea Klaseus "An engaged community creates a thriving city." -Chelsea Klaseus Dede Alpert “I care about educating the next generation.” -Dede Alpert Jocelyn Maggard "I care about encouraging civic engagement to make a difference in our community."  - Jocelyn Maggard Dennis Doyle “We need to focus on innovation and critical thinking in our schools.” -Dennis Doyle Murtaza Baxamusa “We need a voice for the middle class.” - Murtaza Baxamusa Leslie Eagan “I care about neighborhood development.” - Leslie Eagan Sheri Harris “I care about restoring public services beyond what is currently planned.” - Sheri Harris Dale Peterson “I care about access to municipal parks and city recreational facilities.” - Dale Peterson David Oates “I care about the socioeconomic issues we deal with as a community.” - David Oates Topics Arts/Culture Education Economy Food Government Growth and Housing Headlines Land Use Nonprofits/Community Opinion Politics Public Safety Science/Environment Sports Top Stories All Recent Stories Border Graduation Rates Homelessness Housing Pensions Podcasts School Finances Water Programming Content Sharing Policy Events Fact Check Newsletters Podcasts Podcast Production Services San Diego Explained Scott Lewis on Politics Voice Magazine Partner Voices Partner Voices Home FAQs About Partner Voices About About Us Contact Us Content Sharing Policy What We Stand For Board of Directors Top Donors Member List Funding Options Sponsorships Podcast Production Services Submit a Commentary Join In Donate Today Renew Today Member Benefits Register to Comment/Follow Log In facebook twitter instagram podcast stitcher 110 West A St. Suite 650 San Diego, CA 92101 Phone: (619) 325-0525 Contact Us About Voice of San Diego Content Sharing Policy Terms of Use Privacy Policy Listen to the VOSD Podcast Network Voice of San Diego is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization. Learn more... VOSD Comment Policy Voice of San Diego’s Comment Policy We expect all commenters to be constructive and civil. The best comments come from people who use their real names, but anonymous comments are allowed. If your comment includes profanity, looks like spam, personally attacks someone else or is otherwise deemed offensive, we reserve the right to delete it. Sometimes we might edit out profanity instead of deleting an entire comment. We reserve the right to delete comments at any time without explanation. If you use a handle similar to “Voice of San Diego,” we may ask you to change it or disable your commenter account until you do. This comment policy is subject to change at any time. If you have any questions about this policy please email info@voiceofsandiego.org. If you have a longer, more thoughtful comment, consider submitting a commentary. × San Diego’s Top Stories Delivered to Your Inbox Get the FREE daily Morning Report. Email Sign Up Choose your newsletters: Morning Report VOSD Podcast Network What We Learned This Week Border Report Culture Report Education Report North County Report Sacramento Report To stop this message from appearing for 30 days, Log in. If you’re a current subscriber, you can update your preferences by choosing a new combination. × San Diego’s Top Stories Delivered to Your Inbox Get the FREE daily Morning Report. Email Sign Up To stop this message from appearing for 30 days, Log in. × Log In or Register Registered users can follow narratives, comment on articles, check donation history and more. Note: If you’ve never logged in before, you may need to create a new user account. please create a free account. If you’re a VOSD donor, please use the email address associated with your donations. Username or Email Password Please enter an answer in digits: twelve − 1 = Remember Me Forgot Password? ×
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Business Consumer News Gander Mountain closing in Lake Mary after bankruptcy, Camping World purchase Gander Mountain Handout Outdoors retailer Gander Mountain said it would close 32 stores after filing bankruptcy. It has since been acquired by Camping World. Outdoors retailer Gander Mountain said it would close 32 stores after filing bankruptcy. It has since been acquired by Camping World. (Handout) Kyle ArnoldContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Gander Mountain will close its Lake Mary store in the coming weeks after the sporting goods retailer filed for bankruptcy and was sold. The retailer, which focused on hunting and fishing, is closing about half of its stores nationwide. An employee that answered the phone at the Lake Mary store said his store would be shut down, but he didn’t know when. Gander Mountain’s website has a large banner advertising that all 126 locations are going out of business. Gift cards, the website said, will be accepted through May 18. The company filed for bankruptcy in March, planning to close 32 stores, but eventually sold all of its assets to Camping World. Camping World CEO Marcus Lemonis, a reality television star on CNBC, has shared on his confirmed Twitter account that about 70 Gander Mountain stores would be saved. However, the lone Central Florida store in Lake Mary was not on the list of stores that would stay open. Gander Mountain’s Lake Mary store was built in 2006 in a dedicated 80,000-square-foot building near Interstate 4. It was constructed when gun and sporting goods sales were booming, and the St. Paul, Minn.-based retailer was expanding nationwide. The store opened with a shooting range and gun safety classes. It catered to the growing number of serious gun owners and sportsmen. But it also faced growing competition from retailers such as Wal-Mart, Bass Pro Shops, Dick’s Sporting Goods and Academy Sports & Outdoors. A statement on Gander Mountain’s website said Camping World will announce more news about the Gander Mountain brand in fall. Camping World is the namesake of Orlando’s formerly named Citrus Bowl stadium. It has two local stores in Kissimmee and Winter Garden. It is focused on RV servicing and camping equipment. Got a news tip? karnold@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5664; Twitter, @kylelarnold or facebook.com/bykylearnold Caption SegAna startup pitches 'phantom lung' innovation, seeks investors - Orlando News Now UCF incubator startup SegAna has created a system which allows oncologists to replicate a patient’s lung with 3D printing to practice before performing radiation on the patient. UCF incubator startup SegAna has created a system which allows oncologists to replicate a patient’s lung with 3D printing to practice before performing radiation on the patient. Caption SegAna startup pitches 'phantom lung' innovation, seeks investors - Orlando News Now UCF incubator startup SegAna has created a system which allows oncologists to replicate a patient’s lung with 3D printing to practice before performing radiation on the patient. UCF incubator startup SegAna has created a system which allows oncologists to replicate a patient’s lung with 3D printing to practice before performing radiation on the patient. Caption Could new law spell the end of mom-and-pop liquor stores? - Orlando News Now Liquor stores are worried that a new law allowing the sale of spirits in grocery stores will mean the end of their business Liquor stores are worried that a new law allowing the sale of spirits in grocery stores will mean the end of their business Caption UCF startup develops simulator for 3D-printed artificial lung Rodney Bosley, Jr., CEO of Segana, Inc. talks about using 3D printing to produce articial lungs in a simulator he developed at the lab of University of Central Florida engineering professor Dr. Jan Gou, Friday, May 5, 2017.   (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel)  Rodney Bosley, Jr., CEO of Segana, Inc. talks about using 3D printing to produce articial lungs in a simulator he developed at the lab of University of Central Florida engineering professor Dr. Jan Gou, Friday, May 5, 2017.   (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel)  Caption Delta Airlines wins $6M judgment against Orlando businessman The judgment against Fletcher is the latest in a series of lawsuits Delta, and American Airlines, have filed against travel planning companies that use airline logos to attract victims, according to the litigation. The judgment against Fletcher is the latest in a series of lawsuits Delta, and American Airlines, have filed against travel planning companies that use airline logos to attract victims, according to the litigation. Caption Orlando-based video game firm launched - Orlando News Now Electronic Arts, Zynga veteran is launching an Orlando video-game firm. Electronic Arts, Zynga veteran is launching an Orlando video-game firm. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel NBCUniversal Gander Mountain closing in Lake Mary after bankruptcy, Camping World purchase Pictures: 62 U.S. supermarkets ranked from worst to first Nik Patel formally indicted on 5 counts of wire fraud All Sections News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Obituaries 69°
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Health News   Cancer   Heart   Brain Health   Diabetes   Natural Health   Anti-Aging   Diet & Fitness   Health Wire   Newsletters Special Test Your Thyroid At Home. Doctor Shows How. Tags: bagged | lettuce | contamination | bat 'Bat Salad Case' Spotlights Potential Bagged Lettuce Contamination (Copyright AP) (Copyright AP) By Frances Chamberlain   |   Monday, 08 May 2017 04:16 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    If you’re doing your best to eat lots of fresh fruits and vegetables, the convenience of pre-washed bagged salads may be too hard to resist. The problem is such products can contain contaminants and foreign substances that can make you sick. That reality was dramatically spotlighted last month when two people ate fresh salad from a bagged lettuce product before discovering the remains of a bat in it. Further complicating things, the unfortunate were treated for rabies as a precaution (although lab tests later showed the bat was not rabid). Peter Cassell, spokesperson for the Food and Drug Administration (FDA), noted the case was extremely rare and not a reason for a larger public health concern. “Packaged salads are generally safe to eat right out of the package,” he said. “Most salads are double-washed or triple-washed and dried under managed conditions. Packaged salads are widely sold for consumer’s convenience.” But he acknowledged such products can contain contaminants, so consumers need to take precautions to be sure they are not consuming anything dangerous or, at least, unappetizing. “The most common extraneous materials that can be found in produce grown close to the ground include stones, rocks and dirt,” he noted. “One way consumers can identify and remove these materials is to pour the salad out into a bowl and lightly sift it with clean hands or utensils. There is no need to rewash salads that have already been washed before packaging.” It’s not the first time that consumers have encountered problems with pre-washed salads, veggies, and fruit. Last year, four people died and 33 became ill from listeria in packaged salads. Listeria found in food processing plants is not uncommon, but it isn’t always toxic. Dole salads, the problem in the case of listeria, closed the offending plant, issued a recall, and followed FDA requirements to sanitize its processing systems. The salad with the dead bat was in Organic Marketside Spring Mix, produced by Fresh Express. It was only distributed at Walmart stores in the Southeastern United States. The odds of finding a bat or dangerous pathogen in your salad are quite rare, experts say. According to Cassell, people can generally trust that pre-washed salads are handled correctly and present little to no risk to the consumer. But health specialists say a handful of safe food-handling practices, especially for produce, are a good idea for consumers to follow. Among them: Wash your hands thoroughly before starting to prepare food. Sort through bagged or boxed greens and/or vegetables carefully. Rinse thoroughly and inspect the contents of bagged greens, even if they are already pre-washed. Do not use special “veggie soaps.” They don’t do much and remain on the food that you eat. Look for “best used by” dates and buy foods accordingly. If food is really fresh it will be better for you. Cut away damaged or bruised areas on fruits and vegetables. Throw it away if it looks rotten. Even if you plan to peel the produce, it is a good idea to wash it. Scrub things like melons or cucumbers with a clean produce brush. Use a paper towel to dry produce because it can help to get rid of bacteria. When you purchase and store your produce, bag it and store it separately from other foods like meat, seafood, and poultry. Refrigerate any produce that is pre-cut or peeled. Additional advice from the FDA: Wash hands and surfaces often when preparing food. Wash your cutting boards, dishes, counters frequently to avoid cross contamination with bacteria and other microbes. If you use cloth dishtowels to wipe counters clean, make sure you wash them in hot water. Consider using paper towels instead of cloth towels. Most of us face some risk from foods — even fresh foods — that aren’t properly washed or cleaned, or that may have been contaminated by other foods like fresh meat. About 48 million cases of foodborne illness occur each year, with one in six Americans becoming ill from some sort of food contamination. Illness usually starts within days after eating contaminated food, and can include vomiting, diarrhea, abdominal pain, fever, and headache. Most people recover from food poisoning, according to the FDA. But pregnant women, young children, the elderly, and those with weakened immune systems face a greater risk of complications. The bottom line: Take a look at that pre-washed salad, toss it with some utensils, and be wary, but be aware that it is probably safe, according to Cassell. For more information about recalls, or to file a complaint about purchased food, visit the FDA Website. © 2017 NewsmaxHealth. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Diet-And-Fitness The recent case involving a dead bat found in a prepackaged salad has spotlighted the rare, but real risks that some bagged greens may pose. While most products are safe and healthy, experts say a few precautions are worth taking to make sure you're not eating anything that can make you sick. bagged, lettuce, contamination, bat 761 Monday, 08 May 2017 04:16 PM 2017-16-08 Take A Look At This Powered by Newsmax Comments Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Find Your Condition Cancer Heart Disease Obesity Arthritis Alzheimer's/Dementia Digestive Problems Cold/Flu Depression Allergies High Cholesterol Chronic Pain Thyroid Disorders Menopause Osteoporosis Autism Anxiety High Blood Pressure Diabetes More Conditions Take A Look At This Powered by Newsmax Home   Health News   Cancer   Heart   Brain Health   Diabetes   Natural Health   Anti-Aging   Diet & Fitness   Health Wire   Newsletters The information presented on this website is not intended as specific medical advice and is not a substitute for professional medical treatment or diagnosis. Read Newsmax Terms and Conditions of Service. Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives |Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest            Finding Its Niche In A Crowded Field, Gateway Market Thrives by Patt Johnson, Des Moines Register Posted: Monday, May 8, 2017 at 3:11PM EDT Gateway Market, the organic and gourmet grocery store perched on the edge of downtown Des Moines, has become the David to several Goliaths during its first 10 years. It’s emerged from each battle a little stronger and a little smarter, said Paul Rottenberg, one of Gateway’s owners and president of Orchestrate Hospitality, the Des Moines umbrella that also operates area restaurants Zombie Burger, Centro, South Union Bakery, Malo and Django. The grocery industry — ranging from major players like Wal-Mart, Costco, Target and Hy-Vee Inc. to regional chains like Fareway to specialty markets like Whole Foods, Trader Joe’s, Aldi and Campbell’s Nutrition — are all vying for food dollars as shoppers look for value, convenience and selection. To read the rest of the story, please go to: Des Moines Register Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2017 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:01 GMT, May 09, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More WATCH LIVE: Moscow marks Victory Day with parade on Red Square HomeAmerica Investors, top businesses urge Trump to stay in Paris climate deal on eve of decision Published time: 8 May, 2017 20:56 Get short URL © Nadine Y. Barclay / Reuters Major global investors and American-based businesses have joined environmental and public health advocates in calling on the US to remain committed to the Paris climate change agreement that President Donald Trump has threatened to "cancel." Major investors addressed their concerns in a letter to Group of Seven (G7) governments that are set to meet in Italy on May 25, as well as to leaders of the Group of 20 (G20) who will meet in July. "As long-term institutional investors, we believe that the mitigation of climate change is essential for the safeguarding of our investments," says the letter, signed by 214 institutions with more than $15 trillion of assets. Majority of Americans in EVERY SINGLE U.S. STATE supports participation in the #ParisAgreement on #climatechange. Why would Trump pull out? pic.twitter.com/VMc8c4WUwZ— Ralien Bekkers (@RalienBekkers) May 8, 2017 Trump is expected to make a decision as early as this week on whether to keep the United States involved in the 2015 Paris climate accord. Pursuant to the agreement, global governments committed cutting their nations' carbon emissions, the driver of climate change, in pursuit of "efforts to limit the (global average) temperature increase to 1.5 °C above pre-industrial levels." "We urge all nations to stand by their commitments to the Agreement," the letter says, as the groups called on world leaders to remain focused on climate change "and the advancement of sustainable energy supply and energy efficiency." The letter by investors was coordinated by the Institutional Investors Group on Climate Change, which calls itself a "forum for collaboration on climate change for investors." Read more California's cap-and-trade on carbon emissions upheld "The implementation of effective climate policy mechanisms and the regular monitoring of outcomes is vital for investors to make well-informed investment decisions that can also better support governments in delivering their national commitments and priorities," wrote the investors. The letter's signatories include major firms like HSBC Global Asset Management, as well as pension funds such as California Public Employees Retirement System and a host of faith-based groups. Top American-based businesses, meanwhile, are also on record as supporters of the US government's sustained involvement in the accord. At least about 1,100 US businesses – including Apple, Exxon Mobil and Walmart – are on record as supporting the Paris agreement, according to the National Resources Defense Council. "We are for staying in" the accord, General Electric CEO Jeff Immelt said late last week, according to the Financial Times. Since taking office in January, Trump has made it a priority to roll back several environmentally-friendly regulations and initiatives advocated by the previous presidential administration of Barack Obama. Trump has asked his daughter, Ivanka Trump, to lead a review process over the decision before he makes the final call. Should Trump decide to withdraw from the pact's requirements, the US would still remain involved at least until about 2020, based to the accord's stipulations, AP reported. Supporters of the US government's role in the accord say withdrawal could be disastrous for a variety of reasons. ‘Uncharted territory’: Drastic #ClimateChange in 2016 will continue this year – report https://t.co/uAZUvF392bpic.twitter.com/4ArYSZ6MPk— RT America (@RT_America) March 21, 2017 "If the US pulls out, it will be a pariah," Andrew Light, a climate adviser at the World Resources Institute, told AP. "It will be on the sidelines, and that's going to hurt American businesses." In addition to environmental concerns, business and national security interests should lead the US to remain in the pact, says Todd Stern, the US special envoy for climate change during the Obama administration. "Recognizing that negotiations on guidelines and rules will continue and that their interests on matters such as intellectual property, trade and transparency could be affected, business leaders care — a lot — about having US negotiators at the table to protect those interests," Stern wrote Monday in his defense of the accord. Where to watch Schedule Earth's hottest year: 2016 sets sizzling new record US Defense Secretary says climate change poses national security challenge Trump revokes Obama climate change rules, declares end to ‘war on coal’ Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Research and Markets – Global Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) Market 2017-2021: Key Vendors are Vanderlande Industries, SSI Schaefer, Dematic & Daifuku DUBLIN, May. 08, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Research and Markets has announced the addition of the „Global Automated Guided Vehicle (AGV) Market 2017-2021” report to their offering. The global AGV market to grow at a CAGR of 8.15% during the period 2017-2021. Global AGV Market 2017-2021, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years. The report also includes a discussion of the key vendors operating in this market. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of AGV. The growing trend of using robotic systems by various industries, such as the automation and e-commerce, and increased interest among various countries, such as China, UAE, and Switzerland, are driving the demand for AGV robotic systems. Robotic systems are among the highest growing products in the global AGV market, expected to post a CAGR of above 8% during the forecast period. Traditional industries such as automotive are investing in robotics. Amazon has also set a trend of using robotic systems for better operational efficiency and cost saving. Amazon claimed to have achieved 20% cost saving using robotics in its warehouse. Other vendors with high warehouse requirements such as Walmart and Target are likely to follow the trend in the forecast period. According to the report, various end-user segments are adopting automated systems throughout their supply chain. This is driving the market for AGVs, as the entire lifecycle of products, from manufacturing to distribution, consumption, and disposal is being automated. Some of the most advanced automation systems include baggage transport systems in airports, automated storage systems in warehouses, and automated dispatching systems. Key vendors Other prominent vendors Key Topics Covered: Part 01: Executive summary Media Contact: Research and Markets Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com SOURCE Research and Markets CategoriesUncategorized TagsSurveys, Polls and Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Taurine Market Research, Growth Opportunities, Key Players, Outlook and Forecasts Report 2017-2021 Next PostNext Research and Markets – Global Hazelnut Market 2017-2021 – Key Vendors are Balsu Gida, Chelmer Foods, Kanegrade, Olam International & Oregon Hazelnuts Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
null
News Sports Things to Do Life Obituaries e-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site Archive Business roundup: Cell stores and selling groceries Monday May 8, 2017 at 11:13 AM May 8, 2017 at 5:01 PM What's hopping in local retail? Well, it looks like a number of cellphone stores are moving and shaking. Here's the run-down. Jolene Cleaver @OD_Cleaver What's happening in local retail? It looks like a number of cellphone stores are moving into the area. Here's the run-down. A Cricket Wireless store, located at 396 East State St. in Herkimer, held its grand opening at the end of April. Offering customers monthly rate plans along with standard bells and whistles of most cell phone carriers, the site is advertising "a great selection of smartphones from Samsung, LG, Alcatel, ZTE and others." “We’re proud of our recent expansion in Herkimer, which provides more Cricket store locations in Herkimer County so residents and small businesses have a convenient place to shop for a simple and smart wireless experience,” said Andy Cook, market director New York, Cricket Wireless, in a release. “At Cricket, our goal is to give wireless customers something to smile about.” Another Cricket store has opened in Oneida. The Cricket Wireless location at 2152 Glenwood Shopping Plaza in Oneida held its grand opening in late April. In attendance were retail location owner Anas Almaletti, store manager Chris Peters, customer representatives Adam Allen and Heather Pawlak, and sales executive Sunday Fauci, as well as Oneida city councilors, according to a release from the Greater Oneida Chamber of Commerce. In other cellphone store news, a T-mobile location will be opening in New Hartford's Sangertown Square some time in late summer 2017. "... Now offering the 'One plan guarantee,' new customers are not locked into a set price and customers can receive a 'KickBack' for unused data," according to a mall release. The store will be located in the Target wing between Hannoush Jewelers and Tuxedo Junction. In other news, some Central New York Walmart locations will be offering a free online grocery pickup service, that begins this week. "This free service allows customers to shop on their mobile devices or computers for more than 30,000 grocery items. A Walmart personal shopper then picks out the items from the order, bags them up, and hand delivers them straight to the trunk of the vehicle where the customer is waiting outside," reads a company release. Right now, the service is available locally at the Oneida Walmart Supercenter, 2024 Genesee St., in Oneida and the Camillus Walmart Supercenter, 5399 W. Genesee St. in Camillus. Follow @OD_Cleaver on Twitter or call her at 315-792-4956.                 About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Classifieds Submit Announcements & News Market Place Classifieds Real Estate Your Community News Blotters Herkimer County Oneida-Verona New Hartford Rome Utica Whitestown Blogs - Living - Sports Boilermaker College Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Uticaod ~ 221 Oriskany Plaza, Utica, NY 13501 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Nation & World Police & Fire Shareable State News Public Eye Blotters Databases Sports High School Utica Comets College Outdoors Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music Scene TV Guide Calendar Life Boomers Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Shareables Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Records Obituaries iSpy More State of Addiction 200th Anniversary MV All-Stars Photos Videos Calendar Blogs Games Contests History Branded Content Submit your news Subscriber e-Edition Subscriber Services Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Local Directory Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Sponsored By Listen By Genre News & Talk Sports Pop Rock Country Classic Urban Alternative Latin Christian/Gospel Jazz/Blues Specialty Stations Listen By Location Arizona California Connecticut Florida Georgia Illinois Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Minnesota Missouri Nevada New York Ohio Pennsylvania Texas Washington Washington, D.C. SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTERS FacebookTwitterYouTubeGoogle Plus Featured Listen Live Shows News Podcasts Sweeps All Pop Rock Urban Country Classic Entertainment Music DNCE, HAILEE STEINFELD, JASON DERULO, NIALL HORAN, POST MALONE TO PLAY SPF  Read More Brad Paisley Announces 2017 Tour Dates May 8, 2017 3:44 PM Filed Under: Brad Paisley, tours Photo: Courtesy Sony Music Nashville Brad Paisley has announced his tour dates for 2017. The massive trek kicks off on May 18 in Saratoga Springs, NY. Related: Brad Paisley Album Release Show Features John Fogerty, Timbaland The US dates will feature opening acts Dustin Lynch, Chase Bryant and Lindsay Ell. Check out the full Weekend Warrior Tour itinerary below. 5/18 — Saratoga Springs, N.Y. @ Saratoga Performing Arts Center 5/19 — Philadelphia, Pa. @ BB&T Pavilion 5/20 — Raleigh, N.C. @ Coastal Credit Union Music Park 6/16 — Wheatland, Calif. @ Toyota Amphitheatre 6/17 — Mountain View, Calif. @ Shoreline Amphitheatre 6/23 — San Diego, Calif. @ Mattress Firm Amphitheatre 6/24 — Anaheim, Calif. @ Honda Center 6/25 — Phoenix, Ariz. @ Ak-Chin Pavilion 6/29 — Portland, Ore. @ Sunlight Supply Amphitheater 6/30 — Seattle, Wash. @ White River Amphitheatre 7/14 — Albuquerque, N.M. @ Isleta Amphitheater 7/15 — Denver, Colo. @ Pepsi Center 7/24 — Gavle, Sweden @ Furuviksparken 7/25 — Gavle, Sweden @ Grona Lund 7/28 — Seljord, Norway @ Countryfestivalen 8/3 — Wantagh, N.Y. @ Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater 8/4 — Holmdel, N.J. @ P.N.C. Bank Arts Center 8/5 — Mansfield, Mass. @ Xfinity Center 8/6 — Hartford, Ct. @ Xfinity Theater 8/10 — Cincinnati, Ohio @ Riverbend Music Center 8/11 — Cincinnati, Ohio @ Klipsch Music Center 8/12 — Mt. Pleasant, Mich. @ Soaring Eagle Casino 8/13 — Springfield, Ill. @ Illinois State Fair 8/18 — Springfield, IL @ Country Thunder 8/19 — Saskatoon, SK @ SaskTel Centre 8/20 — Winnipeg, MB @ MTS Centre 8/25 — Winnipeg, MB @ Nebraska State Fair 8/26 — Red Wing, Minn. @ Treasure Island Casino 9/1 — Rogers, Ark. @ Walmart Amp 9/2 — Dallas, Texas @ Irving Music Factory 9/8 — Charlotte, N.C. @ PNC Music Pavilion 9/9 — Bristow, Va. @ Jiffy Lube Live 9/10 — Virginia Beach, Va. @ Veterans Amphitheater 9/15 — West Palm Beach, Fla. @ Perfect Vodka Amphitheatre 9/16 — Tampa, Fla. @ MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre 9/22 — Cleveland, Ohio @ Blossom Music Center 9/23 — Chicago, Ill. @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre 9/24 — St. Louis, Mo. @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre Never miss a tour date from Brad Paisley with Eventful. Comments Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Listen Live Follow Us On FacebookTwitterYouTubeGoogle PlusSign Up for Newsletters More From Radio.com Chris Stapleton Drip Pan Kendrick Lamar Damn Drip Pan Drake More Life Drip Pan Follow Us FacebookTwitterYouTubeGoogle Plus ©2017 CBS Radio Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP By viewing our video content, you are accepting the terms of our Video Services Policy About Us Contact Us FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Use Your California Privacy Rights Mobile User Agreement Ad Choices Advertise With Us Listen Live
News News Crime Business Politics Local News Local News Temecula Riverside San Bernardino Moreno Valley Corona Lake Elsinore Murrieta Riverside County Hemet San Jacinto Norco Sports Sports HS GameTime Rams Lakers Clippers Dodgers Angels Padres Chargers USC UCLA College Sports Kings Ducks MMA/Boxing Soccer Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Casinos Music + Concerts Movies + TV Theater Events Home + Garden Travel Obituaries Opinion The Cannifornian Newsletters E-edition Subscribe + Subscriber Services News News Crime Business Politics Local News Local News Temecula Riverside San Bernardino Moreno Valley Corona Lake Elsinore Murrieta Riverside County Hemet San Jacinto Norco Sports Sports HS GameTime Rams Lakers Clippers Dodgers Angels Padres Chargers USC UCLA College Sports Kings Ducks MMA/Boxing Soccer Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Casinos Music + Concerts Movies + TV Theater Events Home + Garden Travel Obituaries Opinion The Cannifornian $60 million worth of projects proposed in Lake… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Suspect arrested after fatal sucker punch Teens arrested following pursuit Adult, child killed in crash More rain on the way? Local News $60 million worth of projects proposed in Lake Elsinore for coming year Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) FILE PHOTO The city of Lake Elsinore is embarking on a major renovation of its campground at Lake Elsinore Resort and Boat Launch. By Michael Williams | PUBLISHED: May 8, 2017 at 12:47 pm | UPDATED: May 8, 2017 at 3:56 pm Lake Elsinore’s quest to improve its appeal as a regional destination as well as residents’ lives is reflected in a public works spending plan scheduled for the City Council’s review Tuesday, May 9. The proposed capital improvements budget calls for the city to spend $260 million over the next five years, including $60 million in the fiscal year starting July 1. “We’re putting a significant amount of money into circulation and transportation projects,” Assistant City Manager Jason Simpson said. Major expenditures scheduled in the coming year on visitor-serving improvements include the following: Nearly $14 million on Interstate 15 interchanges at Railroad Canyon, Main Street, and Highway 74 $13.6 million on transforming the La Laguna Resort and Boat Launch campground into a recreational vehicle destination $4.6 million on renovations to the city’s minor-league baseball stadium $3 million to widen Railroad Canyon Road to three lanes in each direction between 15 and the city of Canyon Lake $775,000 on a downtown Main Street parking lot replacing a dirt surface Simpson said major work on the campground should commence after the beginning of the year and take from 14 to 18 months to complete. Senior Management Analyst Nicole Dailey said the project should be a catalyst for the northwest side of the city. “It’s really going to be the destination on Lake Elsinore,” she said. “We expect this will be a place where people want to be and to come to. This will be a top-notch state-of-the-art facility in terms of campground RV resorts.” On the local front, more than $3 million is earmarked for annual road maintenance, pavement rehabilitation and sidewalk work. Nearly $4 million would go toward the installation of the Third Street drainage system, which could hasten Walmart’s plan to build a supercenter. The corporation’s property is situated between Third and Highway 74, called Central Avenue in Lake Elsinore. Plans for a new city library would be jump-started with a $1.7 million infusion, though the locale has not yet been identified. The revenue for public works expenditures comes from a variety of sources, including state and federal grants, lease revenue bonds, fees paid by developers and transportation taxes. Major spending in future years is expected on the completion of the interchange expansions as well as bridge projects. The proposed Lucerne Street bridge would span the inlet channel to the lake near the baseball stadium and a new Temescal Canyon Road bridge would be built to bypass a nearly 100-year-old structure now in use. In the coming years, the city wants to build a community center on property turned over to the city by the county at Limited and Langstaff streets and a civic center. The council is scheduled only to review the capital improvements budget Tuesday, followed by the Planning Commission’s review on May 16, and a council public hearing on June 13. “We’re actively getting things done to improve the community,” Simpson said. “The staff is working hard and diligently to bring projects to completion.” IF YOU GO What: Lake Elsinore’s City Council is scheduled to consider various items, including a review of the city’s proposed capital improvements plan through the year 2021-22 When: 7 p.m., Tuesday, May 9 Where: Lake Elsinore Cultural Center, 183 N. Main St. Contact: 951-674-3124 or lake-elsinore.org Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Immigrant felon facing deportation: ‘Just let me stay here, so I can take care of my kids.’ What Cal Baptist University plans for more than 5,000 pieces of old dorm furniture Five Riverside County teens arrested following high-speed chase, crash in Rancho Cucamonga ‘Star Wars’ Land update: Disneyland’s Rivers of America route nearly done Fiery Highland crash claims life of child, 2 adults Who’s leaving Riverside County? Who’s coming? 7 trends you must know Tags:  Echo Code Michael Williams View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in Local News Postmus says $102 million Colonies settlement was ‘the right thing’ Arrest made in connection with $200,000 Menifee vandalism spree 1 dead in Valle Vista crash along Highway 74 Five Riverside County teens arrested following high-speed chase, crash in Rancho Cucamonga Live Traffic Map Weather Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Company Store How to Advertise with Us Media Kit Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Advertising Sections Cars Classifieds Directory Real Estate Jobs Top Workplaces Find Us on Other Platforms Email Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Site Map Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Photo Reprints Reader Rewards Partners San Bernardino Sun Redlands Daily Facts The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
  Register Sign In × Sign In Register home practice areas + − Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry + − Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools alm intelligence Rankings resources events About Us Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy eNewsletters Subscribe FOLLOW US facebook twitter linkedin rss feed All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools practice areas All Practice Areas Appellate Class Actions & Product Liability Corporate & Securities Intellectual Property Labor & Employment The Legal Industry Industry News Contributors Law Firms In House Law Schools Rankings resources Podcast: An Ex-Prosecutor’s Take on the Fight Over Foreign-Stored Data Ben Hancock CONTINUE All the Presidents’ Kids: Where’d They Go to Law School? ALM Staff Feds Settle First Ever Civil Suit Against Financial Chief Compliance Officer Sue Reisinger Corporate Counsel Fourth Circuit Grills Trump Administration on Travel Ban Cogan Schneier The National Law Journal Dewey & LeBoeuf Trial Ends in Guilty Verdict for Sanders; DiCarmine Cleared Scott Flaherty New York Law Journal Cannabis Industry Creates Haze of Uncertainty, Opportunity for Legal Business › In-Depth Analysis California Prepares to Ramp Up Push for Marijuana Rules By Cheryl Miller|The Recorder News NYC Boutique Makes Bet on Big Weed front News Legal Weed Company Gets Some More Lawyer-Shareholders News California Judges Are Told to Stay Away from Pot Businesses Instant Insights LATEST LEGAL NEWS Richard Susskind on the Growing Influence of the Legal Operations Boss David Ruiz Big Law Partner Makes Lateral Move for a Lifestyle Brian Baxter New York Law Journal Law Schools Play Prominently in Trump’s Judicial Nominations Karen Sloan Law.Com Class Action, Trial Pros Form New National Plaintiffs Firm Scott Flaherty The AmLaw Daily When Firm Life Makes Them Flabby, Lawyers Call This Trainer Leigh Jones The Recorder Ousted Cincinnati Law Dean Settles Suit Against School Karen Sloan The 12 Core Competencies that Define the Future of Legal Operations Zach Warren Popular     Law Student’s Harassment and Bullying Ran Amok, Claims Professor’s Suit Out of a Job, Sally Yates' Future Looks Bright Who Got Those Social 'Influencer' Letters From the FTC? Read the Full List. When Firm Life Makes Them Flabby, Lawyers Call This Trainer In First, 4th Circuit to Livestream Travel Ban Hearing PRACTICE UPDATES Latest Practice Areas Your H-1B Petition Was Not Selected in the Lottery; Now What? Michael J. P. Schewe Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Kimberly Rice Structuring and Managing Practice Groups Joel A. Rose MORE NEWS Appellate Corporate and Securities Intellectual Property Labor and Employment Class Actions and Product Liability MORE NEWS Helping legal professionals through the maze of international data sharing Most mid-size to large companies now share data with suppliers and customers across borders. As such, they face a growing body of international regulation on data sharing. Download Baker McKenzie launches 2017 Global Privacy Handbook The 2017 Global Privacy Handbook is now available gives a glimpse of notable privacy developments and emerging privacy issues and trends in 58 jurisdictions across the globe. Download Video: Brexit - a look at the UK's Great Repeal Bill What is the Great Repeal Bill - and how will it work in practice? DLA Piper Brexit Committee Chairman Richard Bonnar and Brexit Counsel Camilla Macpherson examine the key issues. Download Enterprise Act 2016: Q&A On 4 May 2017, the Enterprise Act 2016 inserts new provisions into the Insurance Act 2015. Here are the key points you need to know. Download The increasing use of estoppel in construction disputes Shoosmiths construction partner, Ian Yule, discusses the increasing use of estoppel in construction disputes. Download Supreme Court examines the principles of contractual interpretation Supreme Court confirms that both commercial common sense and the natural meaning of the words matter in contractual interpretation. Download Australian Securities and Investments Commission consults on industry funding model The Federal Government has released the draft regulations on the operation of the industry funding model for ASIC. Download Argos v Argos – a virtual race for dominance? A recent cross-Atlantic dispute between Argos Limited and Argos Systems Inc, considered the extent to which legitimate Google advertising can give rise to a claim of trade mark infringement or passing off. Download Trying to hit a moving target Practical advice for mitigating litigation risk under the DOL Fiduciary Rule. Download The uncertain future of the Renewable Fuel Standard The new Administration faces consequential near-term court decisions and policy choices as it charts a future course for the RFS. Download PRACTITIONER INSIGHTS Lessons Learned from a Quarter Century in Legal Marketing Structuring and Managing Practice Groups The Science and Magic of Content Marketing Lawyers Are Interesting People, Too Expedite your Settlement Using Bracketing CONTINUE FEATURED FIRMS Law Offices of Joe Bornstein 5 Moulton St, Portland, ME 04101 207-772-4624 | www.joebornstein.com The Mike Slocumb Law Firm 111 S. Calvert Street Suite 2700, Baltimore, MD 21202 334-741-4110 | www.slocumblaw.com Pasternack Tilker Ziegler Walsh Stanton & Romano L.L.P. 233 Broadway, Suite 820, New York, NY 10279 347-983-1764 | www.workerslaw.com HOT SEAT Nelson Mullins Partner Settles With SEC in Pay-to-Play Suit When Work and Politics Collide, What Is an Employer to Do? 25 Years Later: Anita Hill On Sexual Harassment, Pay Equity and Title IX Federal Circuit Slams Acacia for Fostering Attorney Conflict ‘Blurred Lines’ Lawyer Keeps On Rocking the Recording Industry CONTINUE SOCIAL Tweets by @lawdotcom © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved Privacy Policy | ALM License Agreement Sections Practice Areas The Legal Industry Insights Resources Tools Search Legal Dictionary Mobile App Site Map Law.com About ALM Reprints Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Law.com Law Journal Newsletters The American Lawyer Litigation Daily Asian Lawyer Corporate Counsel Legaltech News The National Law Journal Legal Times The Supreme Court Brief Commercial Litigation Insider Connecticut Law Tribune Daily Business Review (FL) Delaware Law Weekly Delaware Business Court Insider Daily Report (GA) The Legal Intelligencer (PA) New Jersey Law Journal New York Law Journal The Recorder (CA) Texas Lawyer ALM Network of Legal Publications, Events, Research, and Intelligence Tools + LIST SITES © 2017 ALM Media Properties, LLC. All Rights Reserved.
Search Contact Us Home News Artists Songs Videos Top 10 Store Festivals RISERS Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram subscribe via RSSTip Us Trending: Jason Aldean Baby Brad Paisley Tour Dates Loretta Lynn Stroke New Scotty McCreery RISERS Original Songs Brad Paisley Announces 2017 Weekend Warrior World Tour By Mike Thiel May 8, 2017 3:07 PM SHARE TWEET EMAIL EMAIL REDDIT Gustavo Caballero, Getty Images Brad Paisley has announced his 2017 Weekend Warrior World Tour, which will see the country superstar performing across the United States and internationally, with stops in Norway and Sweden. The U.S. leg of the tour will host opening acts Dustin Lynch, Chase Bryant and Lindsay Ell, while Bryant will also tag on to all international dates. Ell will be part of all U.S. and Canadian dates. The tour, sponsored by Band Against Cancer with Sarah Cannon/the Cancer Institute of HCA Healthcare, launches May 18 in Saratoga Springs, N.Y. As part of the partnership, Paisley is providing an opportunity for fans to engage in the cause by creating a ‘Get One, Give One’ campaign for his new album Love and War. When fans purchase the album via bandagainstcancer.com or bradpaisley.com for $15, they can also send a free additional copy to a cancer patient. Love and War is Paisley’s eleventh album and ninth consecutive album to hit No. 1 on Billboard‘s Top Country Albums chart. Released on April 21, Paisley co-produced all 15 tracks with Luke Wooten, getting production assists from John Carter Cash on “Gold All Over the Ground” and famed R&B/hip-hop producer Timbaland on “Grey Goose Chase” and “Solar Power Girl.” Fans got a taste of Love and War early, as Paisley promoted singles such as “Today” and “Selfie #theinternetisforever” on digital services prior to the release. His latest single, “Last Time for Everything,” currently sits at No. 42 on Billboard’s Hot Country Songs chart. Brad Paisley’s 2017 Weekend Warrior World Tour Dates: May 18 — Saratoga Springs, N.Y. @ Saratoga Performing Arts Center May 19 — Philadelphia, Pa. @ BB&T Pavilion May 20 — Raleigh, N.C. @ Coastal Credit Union Music Park at Walnut Creek June 16 — Wheatland, Calif. @ Toyota Amphitheatre June 17 — Mountain View, Calif. @ Shoreline Amphitheatre June 23 — San Diego, Calif. @ Mattress Firm Amphitheatre June 24 — Anaheim, Calif. @ Honda Center June 25 — Phoenix, Ariz. @ Ak-Chin Pavilion June 29 — Portland, Ore. @ Sunlight Supply Amphitheater June 30 — Seattle, Wash. @ White River Amphitheatre July 14 — Albuquerque, N.M. @ Isleta Amphitheater July 15 — Denver, Colo. @ Pepsi Center July 24 — Gavle, Sweden @ Furuviksparken July 25 — Stockholm, Sweden @ Grona Lund July 28 — Seljord, Norway @ Countryfestivalen August 3 — Wantagh, N.Y. @ Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater Aug. 4 — Holmdel, N.J. @ P.N.C. Bank Arts Center Aug. 5 — Mansfield, Mass. @ Xfinity Center Aug. 6 — Hartford, Ct. @ Xfinity Theater Aug. 10 — Cincinnati, Ohio @ Riverbend Music Center Aug. 11 — Indianapolis, Ind. @ Klipsch Music Center Aug. 12 — Mt. Pleasant, Mich. @ Soaring Eagle Casino Aug. 13 — Springfield, Ill. @ Illinois State Fair Aug. 18 — Calgary, Alberta, Canada @ Country Thunder Aug. 19 — Saskatoon, SK @ SaskTel Centre Aug. 20 — Winnipeg, MB @ MTS Centre Aug. 25 — Grand Island, Neb. @ Nebraska State Fair Aug. 26 — Red Wing, Minn. @ Treasure Island Casino September 1 — Rogers, Ark. @ Walmart Amp Sept. 2 — Dallas, Texas @ Irving Music Factory Sept. 8 — Charlotte, N.C. @ PNC Music Pavilion Sept. 9 — Bristow, Va. @ Jiffy Lube Live Sept. 10 — Virginia Beach, Va. @ Veterans United Home Loans Amphitheater Sept. 15 — West Palm Beach, Fla. @ Perfect Vodka Amphitheatre Sept. 16 — Tampa, Fla. @ MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre Sept. 22 — Cleveland, Ohio @ Blossom Music Center Sept. 23 — Chicago, Ill. @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre Sept. 24 — St. Louis, Mo. @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre More Country Tours on the Road This Year Image of Brad Paisley Feels He’s Right About Veterans on “Love and War” Subscribe to Taste of Country on Next: Brad Paisley Has One of the Best Albums of 2017 Filed Under: Brad Paisley | Chase Bryant | Dustin Lynch | Lindsay Ell Category: Country Music News | Live Country Music SHARE TWEET EMAIL More Leave a comment EMAIL Print this page Pin it! REDDIT Share on Tumblr! Recommended For You ZergNet Around the Web ZergNet Best of Taste of Country See Country’s Best Dressed at the Kentucky Derby Forever and Ever: Randy Travis Through the Years [Pictures] Country Prom Pictures: See What Top Nashville Singers Wore for Their Big Night See Highlights From Day One of the 2017 Stagecoach Festival [Pictures] Leave a Comment RISERS Live 7 Original Performances Loretta Through the Years Latest News Featured Loretta Lynn’s Sister Crystal Gayle Makes a Statement After Legend’s Stroke May 5, 2017 10:13 PM Aliyah Moulden Delivers Tearful Performance on ‘The Voice’ Top 10 [Watch] May 8, 2017 11:02 PM ‘The Voice': Brennley Brown Amazes With Martina McBride’s ‘Anyway’ [Watch] May 8, 2017 10:56 PM Blake Shelton Jams to ‘Every Time I Hear That Song’ on ‘The Voice’ [Watch] May 8, 2017 10:47 PM ‘The Voice': Lauren Duski Goes Uptempo With Wynonna Judd Song [Watch] May 8, 2017 10:40 PM Jason Aldean and Wife Brittany Kerr Expecting a Baby May 8, 2017 7:26 PM Luke Bryan Brings Cole Swindell Out to Sing ‘Roller Coaster’ in Nashville [Watch] May 8, 2017 5:51 PM Kelsea Ballerini Sings ‘Different for Girls’ With Dierks Bentley at iHeartCountry May 8, 2017 5:20 PM Country Stars Send Love and Prayers to Loretta Lynn After Stroke May 8, 2017 4:57 PM Country's Best Couples Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! Country Stars Who've Tried It Photo Galleries See Country’s Best Dressed at the Kentucky Derby May 7, 2017 9:45 AM Forever and Ever: Randy Travis Through the Years [Pictures] May 4, 2017 9:45 AM Country Prom Pictures: See What Top Nashville Singers Wore for Their Big Night May 1, 2017 2:17 PM See Highlights From Day One of the 2017 Stagecoach Festival [Pictures] April 29, 2017 1:00 PM 7 Country Stars Who’ve Changed Names Mid-Career April 28, 2017 6:00 PM Taste Of Country Network Contact Us Privacy Advertise Mobile App Welcome back to Taste of Country It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! Welcome back to Taste of Country It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://tasteofcountry.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Taste of Country (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Taste of Country brought to you by: Sign up for Taste of Country Register Now Sign up for Taste of Country quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Taste of Country brought to you by: Taste of Country Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Home Weather 69° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Toys R Us finally gets serious about e-commerce Charisse Jones , USA TODAY , KHOU 1:19 PM. CDT May 08, 2017 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST While Toys R Us was minding the store, it admits that it fell behind on e-commerce. Now the company is taking action in a bid to make up for it. At a time when shoppers increasingly browse online and head to a store just to close the deal, Toys R Us is announcing Monday that it is revamping its website to woo back customers who may have fled to Amazon or other retail rivals. The toy giant’s new site will debut to a small number of users before a full rollout that is expected by early July. The revamp is part of a nearly $100 million investment by Toys R Us over the last three years that is geared toward jump-starting an e-commerce experience that it acknowledges lagged some of its retail peers. “The website really represents the front door of our brand,’’ said Lance Wills, Toys R Us’ first global chief technology officer who noted that more than 60% of the company’s customers visit its website before deciding to go to an actual store. “In a year to two years, we have to catch up on 10 years of innovation and that’s no small feat.’’ That was a deficit the toy chain could ill afford when 15.1% of retail sales, not counting gas stations, car dealerships, groceries and restaurants, occurred online in the last quarter of 2016, according to the financial information services and analytics firm IHS Markit. Last year, the company's same-store sales, an industry measurement that excludes revenue from newer locations, fell 1.4%. And in the fourth quarter, which includes the benefit of holiday sales, same-store sales dropped 3%.   “Some organizations recognize faster than others there are shifts in the ways customers want to be communicated with and the way customers want to purchase products,’’ says Toys R Us CEO David Brandon. “It probably took us a while." .’’ The makeover means that instead of constantly clicking through choices, customers can tap once on a category like "dolls'' or "bicycles'' and be led to a fine-tuned list. Check out for basic purchases will shrink from at least five steps to two. And for the first time, visitors to the baby registry will get notifications alerting them to a sale on bottle warmers or a stroller recall. Retailers of all stripes are fighting to compete with online powerhouse Amazon, But for Toys R Us, chains like Target and Walmart have also become fierce competitors, vying for shoppers seeking out toys and baby products. So it is counting on its expertise in those areas, as well as the new, streamlined website, to help it stand out from the crowd. “We view anyone who sells toys and anyone who sells juvenile (or) baby products to be a competitor,’’ Brandon says. But “we’re not a big box retailer or an online retailer. We’re a specialty retailer ... That’s a unique position we have that other people frankly can’t provide.’’ The new site features larger images along with streamlined menus that make it easier for shoppers to find items. And customers who are simply shipping items to an address, instead of asking for gift wrapping or another extra service, will be able to complete the purchase in two steps. That pared down check-out can mean the difference between finalizing a sale or losing a frustrated customer, Wills says. “We look at our existing experience and the checkout is challenging,’’ he says. “Industry research suggests that the longer that process takes, the more likely you’re going to have a customer abandon that process.’’ Meanwhile, the Babies R Us registry is replacing its current, squint-worthy print with a dashboard that boldly displays details like the number of gifts already purchased for the parent-to-be.  A new notifications tab will alert visitors when a requested gift has been discontinued, or more critically, when a baby monitor, crib or other item has been recalled. By June, the site will also offer shoppers a little advice. A car seat finder page will help new parents learn the difference between an infant carrier and a "travel system,'' explain how a five-point harness works, and other facts that can help them figure out the right car seat to buy. “What we’re doing is experimenting with different ways of helping customers to go through this process,’’ says Victor Ortiz, Toys R Us’ vice-president, digital product management, who says a similar page dedicated to strollers is also being planned. A website overhaul was overdue, says Neil Saunders, managing director of the retail analytics firm Global Data. "I don’t think the Toys R Us website is particularly good,'' Saunders said prior to the unveiling of the revamped site. "It requires a lot of clicking and searching to browse through products. This isn’t ideal when consumers have such short attention spans..'' Separate from the website overhaul, Toys R Us is also aiming to offer a more personalized experience to customers that includes targeted email and tailored presentations of Web content, specific to a shopper's interests, that will start later this year. © 2017 USATODAY.COM CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Grandmother shot, killed in gang-related shooting Pearland student, 18, beats incumbent for school board seat Driver rescued as car dangles on parking garage ledge Customer held at gunpoint in local restaurant calls 911 Friends describe moment they saw Jordan Edwards fatal shooting Grandmother killed in drive-by shooting GCSO: 10 arrested on felony drug charges at Middlelands festival Pearland mayoral, city council, and school board election results Officials believe electrical shortage started elementary school fire Voters approve HISD's Proposition 1 for recapture payment More Stories Racist graffiti painted on church facility and car… May. 8, 2017, 10:28 p.m. Texas House passes pension reform bill May. 8, 2017, 4:59 p.m. Magnolia West football star killed in car crash May. 8, 2017, 10:21 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Animals Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Two Louisiana youth honored for volunteerism at national award ceremony in Washington, D.C. Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps pays tribute to Ruston and Denham Springs students News provided by Prudential Insurance 08 May, 2017, 14:07 ET Share this article WASHINGTON, May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Louisiana's top two youth volunteers of 2017, Anna Katherine Tollett, 16, of Ruston and Zach Morgan, 12, of Denham Springs, were honored in the nation's capital last night for their outstanding volunteer service during the 22nd annual presentation of The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. Anna Katherine and Zach – along with 100 other top youth volunteers from across the country – each received $1,000 awards and personal congratulations from Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps at an award ceremony and gala dinner reception held at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History. The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program, sponsored by Prudential Financial in partnership with the National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP), named Anna Katherine and Zach Louisiana's top high school and middle level youth volunteers in February. In addition to their cash awards, they each received an engraved silver medallion and an all-expense-paid trip with a parent to Washington, D.C., for four days of recognition events. Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps congratulates Anna Katherine Tollett, 16, of Ruston (center) and Zach Morgan, 12, of Denham Springs (right) on being named Louisiana's top two youth volunteers for 2017 by The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. Anna Katherine and Zach were honored at a ceremony on Sunday, May 7 at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History, where they each received a $1,000 award. Anna Katherine, a junior at Cedar Creek School, has worked tirelessly over the past eight years on behalf of kids who, like her, suffer from Type 1 diabetes, raising funds to find a cure, enhancing public awareness of the disease, campaigning for legal rights and protections for students with diabetes, and providing support to newly diagnosed children and their families. "When I was first diagnosed, the daily demands of managing this relentless disease combined with the often-misinformed public perception of diabetes left me feeling overwhelmed and alienated," said Anna Katherine. But "because of the support and guidance of family, friends and community, I became determined to reach out to those living with diabetes, and challenge the public perception of the disease." The day after she left the hospital, Anna Katherine participated in the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation's annual fundraising walk, and in subsequent years led a team of her own. With help from her father, she shot a 30-second public service announcement about diabetes, which won the top prize in a national contest and has been seen by more than 16,000 viewers. In 2012, Anna Katherine helped successfully lobby her state legislature to make it easier for kids to manage their diabetes at school, and also took part in a lobbying effort in Washington, D.C., in 2011 and 2012 with the American Diabetes Association that secured millions of dollars for diabetes research. She also helped start a foundation that aids kids and their families immediately following a new diagnosis of Type 1 diabetes. Zach, a sixth-grader at Live Oak Middle School, collected more than 5,000 hats and 2,000 toys for kids with cancer, and secured a grant to fund a weeklong summer camp for children with the disease. It all started when Zach saw a TV commercial about childhood cancer. "I felt bad for kids who had cancer," he said. "I felt bad that it changed their childhood. I wanted to make them feel better." Since he already liked to collect baseball caps, Zach decided to begin collecting them for kids who lose their hair to chemotherapy. He received 250 new caps and hats in his first drive at a local Walmart store, and then threw a pizza party at a local children's hospital to hand them out. Subsequent drives have yielded thousands of additional hats, which have gone to kids across the country. "I have learned that even the smallest things – like a baseball cap – can put the biggest smile on a kid," said Zach. He also distributes toys through "Treasure Chests of Courage" that he has placed at several cancer treatment facilities. To date, Zach has mobilized more than 2,000 students in several states to help kids with cancer. He has also hosted events that have generated more than 1,000 pounds of food for students at local schools who have little to eat on weekends. "These honorees have done exemplary work to contribute to the health and vitality of their communities, and we look forward to seeing the great things they achieve in the future," said John Strangfeld, chairman and CEO of Prudential Financial, Inc. "Congratulations to each of these extraordinary young volunteers." "It's a privilege to celebrate these students not only for outstanding volunteer service, but for the example they've set for their peers," said Jayne Ellspermann, president of NASSP. "These honorees prove that one person truly can make a difference." Youth volunteers in grades 5-12 were invited to apply for 2017 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards last fall through schools, Girl Scout councils, county 4-H organizations, American Red Cross chapters, YMCAs and affiliates of the HandsOn Network. More than 31,000 middle level and high school students nationwide participated in this year's program. The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program was created in 1995 to identify and recognize young people for outstanding volunteer service – and, in so doing, inspire others to volunteer, too. In the past 22 years, the program has honored more than 120,000 young volunteers at the local, state and national level. For more information about The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards and this year's honorees, visit  http://spirit.prudential.com or www.nassp.org/spirit. About NASSP The National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP) is the leading organization of and voice for middle level and high school principals, assistant principals, and school leaders from across the United States. The association connects and engages school leaders through advocacy, research, education, and student programs. NASSP advocates on behalf of all school leaders to ensure the success of each student and strengthens school leadership practices through the design and delivery of high quality professional learning experiences. Reflecting its long-standing commitment to student leadership development, NASSP administers the National Honor Society, National Junior Honor Society, National Elementary Honor Society, and National Association of Student Councils. For more information about NASSP, located in Reston, VA, visit  www.nassp.org. About Prudential Financial Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE: PRU), a financial services leader, has operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Prudential's diverse and talented employees are committed to helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth through a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management. In the U.S., Prudential's iconic Rock symbol has stood for strength, stability, expertise and innovation for more than a century. For more information, please visit www.news.prudential.com. Editors: For pictures of the Spirit of Community Awards program logo and medallions, visit https://spirit.prudential.com/resources/media. For B-roll of Louisiana's honorees at the 2017 national recognition events, contact Prudential's Harold Banks at (973) 216-4833 or harold.banks@prudential.com. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/two-louisiana-youth-honored-for-volunteerism-at-national-award-ceremony-in-washington-dc-300452906.html SOURCE Prudential Insurance Related Links http://www.PRUDENTIAL.com 08 May, 2017, 14:07 ET Preview: Two Florida youth honored for volunteerism at national award ceremony in Washington, D.C. 08 May, 2017, 14:07 ET Preview: Two Idaho youth honored for volunteerism at national award ceremony in Washington, D.C. My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 08 May, 2017, 14:07 ET Two South Dakota youth honored for volunteerism at national award... 08 May, 2017, 14:07 ET Two Indiana youth honored for volunteerism at national award... Explore More news releases in similar topics Banking & Financial Services Insurance Education Awards Corporate Social Responsibility You just read: Two Louisiana youth honored for volunteerism at national award ceremony in Washington, D.C. News provided by Prudential Insurance 08 May, 2017, 14:07 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Buy These Stocks Today! (Free Report) Home | Street Talk Tags: Doug Kass | Warren Buffett | IBM | investing Doug Kass: Buffett's 'Old Economy' Investing Strategy Is Faltering Warren Buffett, chairman and CEO of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (AP file) By R Williams   |   Monday, 08 May 2017 01:53 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Doug Kass, president of Seabreeze Partners Management Inc., says that Warren Buffett has made several investing mistakes in addition to the billion-dollar purchase of shares in International Business Machines Corp. Last week, Buffett’s company Berkshire Hathaway Inc. disclosed that it had sold about one-third of its holdings in IBM. The news contributed to a 4 percent drop in IBM shares that pressured the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Buffett acknowledged, “I was wrong” about IBM in an interview with CNBC. While Kass applauds Buffett for showing the flexibility to admit a mistake and move forward, he also points out other mistakes by the “Oracle of Omaha.” “Berkshire's investment portfolio consists of a number of old-economy companies with ‘breached moats’ and less-defensible franchises,” Kass writes on Real Clear Markets, referring to a core principal in Buffett’s investment strategy: Buy companies that have a “moat,” or a strategic competency that wards off competition. Berkshire Hathaway held its annual shareholder meeting on Saturday in Omaha,Nebraska.With thousands people attending or watching the proceedings online, Buffett and Berkshire Vice Chairman Charles Munger answered questions for five hours from the audience, analysts and reporters.  Kass says Buffett investments like Coca-Cola, IBM, American Express, Wells Fargo, Deere and Wal-Mart are part of the “old economy” that’s missing out on technological innovation and changing consumer behaviors. “Buffett used to 'chase gazelles' in his acquisitions, buying companies that were available on the cheap due to controversies (i.e., Geico, Coca-Cola and American Express). But now, he chases elephants -- slow-growing and mature companies that sell for expensive prices,” Kass says. He points to the auto dealership business that Buffett acquired as a sign of the old economy thinking. “Auto dealerships are highly dependent on repairs and maintenance as revenue sources,” Kass says. “But these seem vulnerable to what many see as inevitable, swift market-share gains for electric cars that have fewer parts and require far less maintenance than gas-powered models do.” Related Stories: Doug Kass: 'I Have Moved to a Large Holding in Gold' Doug Kass: Top 10 Reasons Investors Should Sell Now © 2017 Newsmax Finance. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk Doug Kass, president of Seabreeze Partners Management Inc., says that Warren Buffett has made several investing mistakes in addition to the billion-dollar purchase of shares in International Business Machines Corp. Doug Kass, Warren Buffett, IBM, investing 320 Monday, 08 May 2017 01:53 PM 2017-53-08 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Vermont news: Breaking, in-depth and investigative coverage of politics, business and public affairs Home Projects About Tipster Commentary Data   Categories  Business & Economy Courts & Corrections Education Energy Environment Health Care People & Places Politics Menu DONATE Home News by Subject Business & Economy Courts & Corrections Education Energy Environment Health Care People & Places Politics Commentary Special Projects About Share Secure Tips Events Calendar Donate SEARCH 2017 Legislature EB-5 Legislator Guide Burlington Campaign Finance Database Bernie Sanders   New Hotel Coming to Berlin May. 8, 2017, 2:23 pm by Press Release Leave a Comment News Release — Heidenberg Properties Group May 8, 2017 Contact: Michael Rushman, Land Strategies Cabot, Vermont (802) 563-2151 [email protected] Ken Simon, Berlin Mall, LLC c/o Heidenberg Properties Group (201) 768-1300 ext. 21 [email protected] As part of its ongoing transformation of the 65-acre Berlin Mall site into a mixed-use town center, Heidenberg Properties Group announced today that it will be developing a five story, 120-room hotel with 15,000 square feet of meeting and special event space along with a freestanding restaurant. Both the Berlin hotel and restaurant will be nationally-franchised, branded operations. With easy access to I-89 and an abundance of free parking already available on the site, as well as additional parking that will be constructed for the hotel and restaurant, this will be a particularly attractive venue for the full range of business, civic and social functions serving the needs of central Vermonters. “I’m excited to be part of the New Town Center process and continue the conversation that began with the Berlin select board in February of 2016” said Land Strategies’ Mike Rushman, the director of marketing and strategic planning for the Mall, “We have owned this 65-acre parcel for many years and are excited about making use of the entire site and its easily accessible location to create a variety of a new uses. The hotel and restaurant are the next steps in achieving the ambitious goal of transforming the property into a vibrant town center. With these additions, we move one step closer to our long-term vision of creating a mixed-use center that includes housing, shopping, a park and more.” As part of this ongoing transformation, last summer the Mall hosted Big Art, Little Art – an exhibit of large scale works by 16 Vermont artists and weekly art workshops for families. The just completed Walk the Long Trail at Berlin Mall attracted over 600 registered walkers who covered 12,290 miles and raised $5,280 for the Green Mountain Club. In response to popular demand, the Walk will become an annual event at the Mall. In 2012, the Berlin Mall received Act 250 and local zoning approval to expand the Walmart Superstore at the Mall to include a full-service grocery store serving customers from all over central and northern Vermont. The Mall added a third department store when Kohl’s opened in March 2016. It has been a major success cementing the Mall’s position as the dominant shopping complex in central Vermont. Ken Simon of Heidenberg Properties Group, who managed both of these earlier projects said, “The proposed construction of the hotel and restaurant furthers our goals of revitalizing the mall property, providing more options for tourists and business travelers, creating jobs and building more confidence in the Berlin-Barre-Montpelier area’s economic future. The project represents ‘in-fill’ development of under-utilized land in a developing area of Berlin and furthers the Berlin Town Plan’s goals of concentrating growth in an area where growth is already occurring.” Heidenberg Properties is currently preparing for the approval process and will unveil a conceptual site plan shortly. An opening date has not been set for the hotel, but the mall owners look forward to working with the town, the broader community and the appropriate state agencies to make sure the project advances important state and local public policies regarding economic growth. Recent Stories Judge asks Quebec counterpart to compel testimony… Health leaders call new Obamacare repeal worse… Prosecution: Keep ex away from I-89 wrong-way… Vermont Yankee money fuels clean energy projects Lawmakers to negotiate differences on TIF district… Vernon wetland to receive more protection Filed Under: Vermont Press Releases Tagged With: Berlin, Heidenberg Properties, Land Strategies Cabot VTDigger.org posts press releases as a way of providing readers with information directly from businesses, state agencies, political organizations and nonprofits. Read more Email: [email protected] Latest stories by Vermont Story Lab to host skill-building workshops this Summer Keep BT Local Prepares Bid for Burlington Telecom Women Attorneys of Langrock Sperry & Wool make the 2017 Best Lawyers in America List Report an Error Upload a DocumentTip Drop Comment Policy VTDigger.org requires that all commenters identify themselves by their authentic first and last names. Initials, pseudonyms or screen names are not permissible. No personal harrassment, abuse, or hate speech is permitted. Be succinct and to the point. If your comment is over 500 words, consider sending a commentary instead. We personally review and moderate every comment that is posted here. This takes a lot of time; please consider donating to keep the conversation productive and informative. The purpose of this policy is to encourage a civil discourse among readers who are willing to stand behind their identities and their comments. VTDigger has created a safe zone for readers who wish to engage in a thoughtful discussion on a range of subjects. We hope you join the conversation. If you have questions or concerns about our commenting platform, please review our Commenting FAQ. Privacy policy VTDigger.org does not share specific information about our readers with other entities. Email addresses we collect through our subscription list and comment submissions are kept private. We use Google analytics to generate aggregated data regarding the size and geographic distribution of our readership. This information helps us gauge how many readers come to the website and what towns they live in. It does not include addresses or other identifying characteristics about our readers. Why I Support VTDigger Over the years I've watched VTDigger become the best, most accurate, unbiased source of Vermont news. If I only have time to read one, this is the one I use. – Michel Consejo, Saint Albans DONATE NOW LIKE US:     FOLLOW: Get the Daily Digger top stories, no fees, no paywalls Daily Digger & Weekly Wrap Up Weekly Wrap Up Only Learn more about Underwriting Why I Support VTDigger "VTDigger provides much needed scrupulously researched, well written information about current events affecting our state, enhancing our ability as citizens to think critically and make informed decisions about political choices. This service is invaluable in my opinion." – Daniel Lustgarten, Burlington DONATE NOW Upcoming Events Tue 09 Bulgarian Folk Music May 9 @ 5:30 pm - 7:00 pm Tue 09 Jennifer McMahon Book Launch & Reading: BURNTOWN May 9 @ 7:00 pm - 8:30 pm Tue 09 Onion River Press Launch Event! May 9 @ 7:00 pm - 8:00 pm Thu 11 Green Mountain Care Board Meeting May 11 @ 1:00 pm - 4:00 pm Thu 11 Book Launch for Collateral Trout by Peter Shea May 11 @ 7:00 pm - 8:00 pm View More… Donate Today We're an independent nonprofit organization, your donation helps fund the digging, and, it's tax deductible. Thanks for reporting an error with the story, "New Hotel Coming to Berlin" Name* First Last Email* Error* CAPTCHA VTDigger A publication of Vermont Journalism Trust 26 State Street, Suite 8 Montpelier, VT 05602 [email protected] (802) 225-6224 www.vtdigger.org About Our Story Contact Us Underwriting Site Policies Share Secure Tips Social Media Facebook Twitter Youtube RSS Writing Staff Cate Chant Jasper Craven Mike Faher Anne Galloway Ruth Hare Elizabeth Hewitt Mark Johnson Alan J. Keays Erin Mansfield Jon Margolis Kevin O'Connor Tiffany Danitz Pache Mike Polhamus Jim Therrien Morgan True Publishing Staff Phayvanh Luekhamhan Theresa Murray-Clasen VTDigger: Led by journalists, powered by the public. The go-to source for Vermont news. Copyright © 2017 VT Digger All rights reserved.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Two Indiana youth honored for volunteerism at national award ceremony in Washington, D.C. Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps pays tribute to Carmel and Zionsville students WASHINGTON, May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Indiana's top two youth volunteers of 2017, Grace Zhang, 18, of Carmel and Tara Harmon, 14, of Zionsville, were honored in the nation's capital last night for their outstanding volunteer service during the 22nd annual presentation of The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. Grace and Tara – along with 100 other top youth volunteers from across the country – each received $1,000 awards and personal congratulations from Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps at an award ceremony and gala dinner reception held at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History. The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program, sponsored by Prudential Financial in partnership with the National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP), named Grace and Tara Indiana's top high school and middle level youth volunteers in February. In addition to their cash awards, they each received an engraved silver medallion and an all-expense-paid trip with a parent to Washington, D.C., for four days of recognition events. Grace, a senior at Carmel High School, organized a one-day "street store" in Indianapolis last year that enabled more than 200 struggling families to obtain free, gently used clothing. A couple of winters ago, Grace watched as a homeless man tripped on his baggy pants and fell to the sidewalk. "No one helped him," she said. "I watched as his dog licked the tears off his face." That sad image stuck with Grace and prompted her to begin researching organizations that help the poor. She came across Street Store, an international project started in South Africa to give the homeless and people in need a dignified shopping experience. After obtaining instructions and materials from the organization, Grace went to work. She enlisted the help of fellow students in her high school club, contacted local organizations that serve the poor, solicited clothing donations at schools and in the community, and lined up sponsors. The week before her event, Grace was devastated to learn that her beloved grandfather in China was dying. She had a choice: cancel the Street Store or risk never seeing him again. "I knew my grandfather wouldn't have wanted his illness to impede on charity for the homeless," she said. So she proceeded to set up her store, and welcomed needy shoppers to choose from among 16,000 articles of donated clothing. Sadly, Grace's grandfather died without hearing about her successful event. "But I saw my grandfather in every shopper," she said. Tara, an eighth-grader at Zionsville West Middle School, secured $4,000 in grants and donations over the past three years to provide weekend meals, healthy snacks and school uniforms for inner-city kids in her community. While walking around downtown Indianapolis with her family, Tara frequently encountered homeless people, and it broke her heart. But after seeing a homeless mother and son sleeping on the street, "I went home and thought long and hard," she said. With encouragement from her parents, Tara began researching ways to help. Through an online search, Tara identified an elementary school with a high rate of free and reduced- price lunches, and while visiting the school, learned about its desperate need for uniforms. She then sought a grant from the Indianapolis Colts and a donation from Walmart; the result was 200 new uniforms for the school. Tara also learned that without subsidized lunches at school, many students go hungry over the summer. She responded by securing another grant and more store donations, and used the money to provide 100 weekend meal packages to summer campers. To encourage healthy eating, Tara also planted a vegetable garden and donated 600 pounds of produce for an inner-city summer camp. She estimated more than 500 kids in need have benefited from her activities. "These honorees have done exemplary work to contribute to the health and vitality of their communities, and we look forward to seeing the great things they achieve in the future," said John Strangfeld, chairman and CEO of Prudential Financial, Inc. "Congratulations to each of these extraordinary young volunteers." "It's a privilege to celebrate these students not only for outstanding volunteer service, but for the example they've set for their peers," said Jayne Ellspermann, president of NASSP. "These honorees prove that one person truly can make a difference." Youth volunteers in grades 5-12 were invited to apply for 2017 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards last fall through schools, Girl Scout councils, county 4-H organizations, American Red Cross chapters, YMCAs and affiliates of the HandsOn Network. More than 31,000 middle level and high school students nationwide participated in this year's program. The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program was created in 1995 to identify and recognize young people for outstanding volunteer service – and, in so doing, inspire others to volunteer, too. In the past 22 years, the program has honored more than 120,000 young volunteers at the local, state and national level. For more information about The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards and this year's honorees, visit  http://spirit.prudential.com or www.nassp.org/spirit. About NASSP The National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP) is the leading organization of and voice for middle level and high school principals, assistant principals, and school leaders from across the United States. The association connects and engages school leaders through advocacy, research, education, and student programs. NASSP advocates on behalf of all school leaders to ensure the success of each student and strengthens school leadership practices through the design and delivery of high quality professional learning experiences. Reflecting its long-standing commitment to student leadership development, NASSP administers the National Honor Society, National Junior Honor Society, National Elementary Honor Society, and National Association of Student Councils. For more information about NASSP, located in Reston, VA, visit  www.nassp.org. About Prudential Financial Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE: PRU), a financial services leader, has operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Prudential's diverse and talented employees are committed to helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth through a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management. In the U.S., Prudential's iconic Rock symbol has stood for strength, stability, expertise and innovation for more than a century. For more information, please visit www.news.prudential.com. Editors: For pictures of the Spirit of Community Awards program logo and medallions, visit https://spirit.prudential.com/resources/media. For B-roll of Indiana's honorees at the 2017 national recognition events, contact Prudential's Harold Banks at (973) 216-4833 or harold.banks@prudential.com. SOURCE Prudential Insurance CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Banking/Financial Services, Children-Related News, Corporate Social Responsibility, Education, Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Research report explores Alginates & Derivatives market for 2017-2022 Next PostNext Intumescent Coatings Market: Impact of Existing and Emerging Flexible Market Trends and Forecast 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Two Louisiana youth honored for volunteerism at national award ceremony in Washington, D.C. Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps pays tribute to Ruston and Denham Springs students WASHINGTON, May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Louisiana's top two youth volunteers of 2017, Anna Katherine Tollett, 16, of Ruston and Zach Morgan, 12, of Denham Springs, were honored in the nation's capital last night for their outstanding volunteer service during the 22nd annual presentation of The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards. Anna Katherine and Zach – along with 100 other top youth volunteers from across the country – each received $1,000 awards and personal congratulations from Olympic gold medalist Michael Phelps at an award ceremony and gala dinner reception held at the Smithsonian's National Museum of Natural History. The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program, sponsored by Prudential Financial in partnership with the National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP), named Anna Katherine and Zach Louisiana's top high school and middle level youth volunteers in February. In addition to their cash awards, they each received an engraved silver medallion and an all-expense-paid trip with a parent to Washington, D.C., for four days of recognition events. Anna Katherine, a junior at Cedar Creek School, has worked tirelessly over the past eight years on behalf of kids who, like her, suffer from Type 1 diabetes, raising funds to find a cure, enhancing public awareness of the disease, campaigning for legal rights and protections for students with diabetes, and providing support to newly diagnosed children and their families. "When I was first diagnosed, the daily demands of managing this relentless disease combined with the often-misinformed public perception of diabetes left me feeling overwhelmed and alienated," said Anna Katherine. But "because of the support and guidance of family, friends and community, I became determined to reach out to those living with diabetes, and challenge the public perception of the disease." The day after she left the hospital, Anna Katherine participated in the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation's annual fundraising walk, and in subsequent years led a team of her own. With help from her father, she shot a 30-second public service announcement about diabetes, which won the top prize in a national contest and has been seen by more than 16,000 viewers. In 2012, Anna Katherine helped successfully lobby her state legislature to make it easier for kids to manage their diabetes at school, and also took part in a lobbying effort in Washington, D.C., in 2011 and 2012 with the American Diabetes Association that secured millions of dollars for diabetes research. She also helped start a foundation that aids kids and their families immediately following a new diagnosis of Type 1 diabetes. Zach, a sixth-grader at Live Oak Middle School, collected more than 5,000 hats and 2,000 toys for kids with cancer, and secured a grant to fund a weeklong summer camp for children with the disease. It all started when Zach saw a TV commercial about childhood cancer. "I felt bad for kids who had cancer," he said. "I felt bad that it changed their childhood. I wanted to make them feel better." Since he already liked to collect baseball caps, Zach decided to begin collecting them for kids who lose their hair to chemotherapy. He received 250 new caps and hats in his first drive at a local Walmart store, and then threw a pizza party at a local children's hospital to hand them out. Subsequent drives have yielded thousands of additional hats, which have gone to kids across the country. "I have learned that even the smallest things – like a baseball cap – can put the biggest smile on a kid," said Zach. He also distributes toys through "Treasure Chests of Courage" that he has placed at several cancer treatment facilities. To date, Zach has mobilized more than 2,000 students in several states to help kids with cancer. He has also hosted events that have generated more than 1,000 pounds of food for students at local schools who have little to eat on weekends. "These honorees have done exemplary work to contribute to the health and vitality of their communities, and we look forward to seeing the great things they achieve in the future," said John Strangfeld, chairman and CEO of Prudential Financial, Inc. "Congratulations to each of these extraordinary young volunteers." "It's a privilege to celebrate these students not only for outstanding volunteer service, but for the example they've set for their peers," said Jayne Ellspermann, president of NASSP. "These honorees prove that one person truly can make a difference." Youth volunteers in grades 5-12 were invited to apply for 2017 Prudential Spirit of Community Awards last fall through schools, Girl Scout councils, county 4-H organizations, American Red Cross chapters, YMCAs and affiliates of the HandsOn Network. More than 31,000 middle level and high school students nationwide participated in this year's program. The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards program was created in 1995 to identify and recognize young people for outstanding volunteer service – and, in so doing, inspire others to volunteer, too. In the past 22 years, the program has honored more than 120,000 young volunteers at the local, state and national level. For more information about The Prudential Spirit of Community Awards and this year's honorees, visit  http://spirit.prudential.com or www.nassp.org/spirit. About NASSP The National Association of Secondary School Principals (NASSP) is the leading organization of and voice for middle level and high school principals, assistant principals, and school leaders from across the United States. The association connects and engages school leaders through advocacy, research, education, and student programs. NASSP advocates on behalf of all school leaders to ensure the success of each student and strengthens school leadership practices through the design and delivery of high quality professional learning experiences. Reflecting its long-standing commitment to student leadership development, NASSP administers the National Honor Society, National Junior Honor Society, National Elementary Honor Society, and National Association of Student Councils. For more information about NASSP, located in Reston, VA, visit  www.nassp.org. About Prudential Financial Prudential Financial, Inc. (NYSE: PRU), a financial services leader, has operations in the United States, Asia, Europe, and Latin America. Prudential's diverse and talented employees are committed to helping individual and institutional customers grow and protect their wealth through a variety of products and services, including life insurance, annuities, retirement-related services, mutual funds and investment management. In the U.S., Prudential's iconic Rock symbol has stood for strength, stability, expertise and innovation for more than a century. For more information, please visit www.news.prudential.com. Editors: For pictures of the Spirit of Community Awards program logo and medallions, visit https://spirit.prudential.com/resources/media. For B-roll of Louisiana's honorees at the 2017 national recognition events, contact Prudential's Harold Banks at (973) 216-4833 or harold.banks@prudential.com. SOURCE Prudential Insurance CategoriesUncategorized TagsAwards, Banking/Financial Services, Children-Related News, Corporate Social Responsibility, Education, Insurance Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Research report explores Alginates & Derivatives market for 2017-2022 Next PostNext Intumescent Coatings Market: Impact of Existing and Emerging Flexible Market Trends and Forecast 2017-2022 Search Recent Posts Vascular Graft Market 2017-2021 2017-2021 Voice Prosthesis Device Market Research Report Robert Lee Ahn Denounces Latest North Korean Provocation; Calls Trump Approach to Rogue Nation „Incomprehensible” The New Ireland Fund, Inc. — Tender Offer Update Global ITO Glass Market Share, Size, Trends and Forecast by 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump North Korea ObamaCare Just In... GOP senator to Jimmy Kimmel: We must fulfill 'Trump's contract' on healthcare Floor Action — 2h 25m ago Dem senator rips GOP insurance claim: 'What the f--k is that?' Floor Action — 4h 34m ago Antonio Sabato Jr. to run for Congress in California Campaign — 5h 4m ago Social media reacts after Trump adds his own tweet to profile News — 5h 8m ago Republican rep. calls healthcare bill celebration 'irresponsible' House — 5h 25m ago Iowa congressman walks out during interview with local TV station House — 5h 30m ago Trump to nominate two energy regulators Energy & Environment — 6h 5m ago More than one-third of Americans oppose GOP healthcare bill Healthcare — 6h 19m ago view all   Business coalition: Trump tax plan 'will spark an economic boom' By Naomi Jagoda - 05/08/17 01:34 PM EDT 49   © Getty Images A coalition of businesses is praising President Trump's tax plan, arguing that it would boost the economy and stop companies from moving overseas. Trump's plan, released last month, proposes lowering the corporate tax rate from 35 percent to 15 percent. The Reforming America’s Taxes Equitably (RATE) Coalition argued that the current corporate tax rate is not competitive and has given its members a disadvantage over its competitors from other countries. "We believe that your proposal will spark an economic boom and make all American companies more competitive in the global marketplace," RATE said in a Monday letter to Trump. "We also believe that your proposal would stop the steady erosion of America's corporate tax base by removing the incentive for companies to flee in pursuit of a more favorable tax rate." In the letter, RATE criticizes the current corporate tax rate. ADVERTISEMENT "It has made it more difficult to invest in our American employees and operations, while limiting the value we're able to create for our shareholders," the group said. The coalition's members include Ford, Boeing, Verizon and Walmart. According to the group's letter, its members currently have an average effective tax rate of 32 percent. The coalition said that it wants to work with the White House and Congress on an overhaul of the tax code. "The RATE Coalition applauds you for providing the presidential leadership that is critical to advancing tax reform," the group told Trump in its letter, which was signed by co-chairs Elaine Kamarck and Jim Pinkerton.    View the discussion thread. Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 The 43 people who might run... The 2020 presidential election could feature the most crowded Democratic... 391 Shares 2 FCC site crashes after John Oliver... The Federal Communications Commission's website went down Sunday night... 387 Shares 3 Five takeaways from Yates’s... Former acting Attorney General Sally Yates testified to a Senate Judiciary... 357 Shares 4 Social media reacts after Trump... Social media swiftly reacted Monday night, when President Trump updated... 331 Shares 5 Live coverage: Sally Yates... The Hill will be providing live updates as two former senior Obama... 197 Shares 6 Dem senator rips GOP insurance... Harris added that Republicans should lose their job if individuals lose... 118 Shares 7 Trump call for Muslim ban deleted... President Trump’s campaign appears to have removed the 2015 press release... 115 Shares 8 CNN anchors liken Trump's Yates... CNN’s Dana Bash and John King slammed President Trump on Monday for... 89 Shares 9 Iowa congressman walks out during... Rep. Rod Blum (R-Iowa) on Monday quickly walked out of an interview with a... 73 Shares 10 Obama to discuss climate change in... Former President Barack Obama is traveling to Italy, where he will speak... 69 Shares 11 Republican rep. calls healthcare... Freshman Rep. Mike Gallagher (R-Wis.) slammed his fellow Republicans for... 58 Shares 12 FCC to investigate, 'take... FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said fines are "typically what we do" for... 58 Shares 13 Judd Gregg: Dems embrace... OPINION: Democrats have chosen the path of knee-jerk opposition, to their... 55 Shares 14 FBI investigating Jane Sanders for... Federal investigators are looking into allegations that Sen. Bernie... 54 Shares 15 Five things to know about Texas'... Texas Gov. Greg Abbott (R) signed into law a controversial immigration... 52 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
TD Ameritrade Investor Movement Index: IMX Breaks Streak of Record-Breaking Highs, Declines for First Time in Three Months Retail investors are net buyers, despite lower exposure to equity markets TD Ameritrade April 2017 Investor Movement Index (Graphic: TD Ameritrade) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? TD Ameritrade April 2017 Investor Movement Index (Graphic: TD Ameritrade) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail TD Ameritrade's IMX vs. S&P 500 (Graphic: TD Ameritrade) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 08, 2017 12:41 PM Eastern Daylight Time OMAHA, Neb.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--The April 2017 Investor Movement Index® reading fell for the first time in three months, dropping to 6.06, TD Ameritrade, Inc. (“TD Ameritrade”), a broker-dealer subsidiary of TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation (Nasdaq: AMTD) announced today. The Investor Movement Index, or the IMXSM, is a proprietary, behavior-based index created by TD Ameritrade that aggregates Main Street investor positions and activity to measure what investors are actually doing and how they are positioned in the markets. The April 2017 Investor Movement Index for the four weeks ending April 28, 2017, reveals: Reading: 6.06 (compared to 6.22 in March) Trend direction: Negative Trend length: 1 month Score relative to historic ranges: High TD Ameritrade client exposure to equity markets decreased as there was lower relative volatility in widely held names, including Apple Inc. (AAPL) and Facebook Inc. (FB). Volatility was modest during the month, with a slight uptick in the volatility of the S&P 500 Index early in the period. Markets posted losses early in the month following poor economic data, yet rebounded at month-end following strong earnings reports. Despite the negative downtrend in April, TD Ameritrade clients were net buyers overall in April with increased interest in the tech sector and dividend stocks. “Although this is the first decline in recent months, market optimism appeared to remain strong as our clients were net buyers for the fifth month in row. We saw a similar trend a year ago, where retail clients lowered their equity exposure and the IMX broke a seven month high streak,” said Victor Jones, director of trading for TD Ameritrade. “A third of the S&P 500 will report earnings in May, so we will see how much our clients stay engaged in the markets.” TD Ameritrade clients were net buyers of dividend stocks in the April period, including AT&T Inc. (T) and Verizon (VZ), both of which traded down following their earnings reports early in the period. Clients were net buyers of Amazon Inc. (AMZN) and Facebook Inc. (FB) with both stocks reaching all-time highs during the period. Apple Inc. (AAPL) was net bought as the stock reached a 52-week high. Investors will likely keep an eye on the stock as the company is expected to release the 10th anniversary iPhone later this year. Finally, Plug Power Inc. (PLUG) was also a net buy following a deal to sell $70 million of fuel-cell forklifts to Amazon. Additional popular names bought in April included Dry Ships Inc. (DRYS) and Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (BRK.B). TD Ameritrade clients were net sellers of Consumer Goods and Service companies during the April period. Starbucks Inc. (SBUX) was net sold for a second month in a row, after an analyst upgrade pushed the stock to a 52-week high. Panera Inc. (PNRA) was also net sold after being acquired by JAB Holdings for $315 per share. Whole Foods Market Inc. (WFM), a net sold, reached a 52-week high after Jana Partners took nearly a 9% stake in the company. Finally, with plans to launch a mobile money transfer app in partnership with American Express Inc. (AXP), Walmart (WMT) stock reach a 52-week high and was net sold. Net selling activity also occurred within the Energy sector as ConocoPhillips Corp. (COP) and Kinder Morgan Inc. (KMI) were net sold. About the IMX The IMX value is calculated based on a complex proprietary formula. Each month, TD Ameritrade pulls a sample from its client base of 7 million funded accounts, which includes all accounts that completed a trade in the past month. The holdings and positions of this statistically significant sample are evaluated to calculate individual scores, and the median of those scores represents the monthly IMX. For more information on the Investor Movement Index, including historical IMX data going back to December 2010; to view the full report from April 2017; or to sign up for future IMX news alerts, please visit www.tdameritrade.com/IMX. Additionally, TD Ameritrade clients can chart the IMX using the symbol $IMX in either the thinkorswim® or TD Ameritrade Mobile Trader platforms. Inclusion of specific security names in this commentary does not constitute a recommendation from TD Ameritrade to buy, sell, or hold. Past performance of a security, strategy, or index is no guarantee of future results or investment success. Historical data should not be used alone when making investment decisions. Please consult other sources of information and consider your individual financial position and goals before making an independent investment decision. The IMX is not a tradable index. The IMX should not be used as an indicator or predictor of future client trading volume or financial performance for TD Ameritrade. For the latest TD Ameritrade news and information, follow the company on Twitter, @TDAmeritradePR. Source: TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation About TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation Millions of investors and independent registered investment advisors (RIAs) have turned to TD Ameritrade’s (Nasdaq:AMTD) technology, people and education to help make investing and trading easier to understand and do. Online or over the phone. In a branch or with an independent RIA. First-timer or sophisticated trader. Our clients want to take control, and we help them decide how — bringing Wall Street to Main Street for more than 40 years. TD Ameritrade has time and again been recognized as a leader in investment services. Please visit TD Ameritrade’s newsroom or www.amtd.com for more information. Brokerage services provided by TD Ameritrade, Inc., member FINRA (www.FINRA.org)/SIPC (www.SIPC.org). Contacts TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation For Media: Christina Goethe, 201-369-8510 Corporate Communications christina.goethe@tdameritrade.com @TDAmeritradePR or For Investors: Jeff Goeser, 402-597-8464 Investor Relations jeffrey.goeser@tdameritrade.com Contacts TD Ameritrade Holding Corporation For Media: Christina Goethe, 201-369-8510 Corporate Communications christina.goethe@tdameritrade.com @TDAmeritradePR or For Investors: Jeff Goeser, 402-597-8464 Investor Relations jeffrey.goeser@tdameritrade.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: A Foolish Take: The Biggest Corporate Taxpayer in America Under Trump’s proposed tax cut, Apple would pay billions less in taxes each year. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) May 8, 2017 at 12:00PM There's a lot of talk right now about President Donald Trump's proposal to lower the top corporate income tax rate from 35% down to 15%. This would be a boon to companies. It would make them more profitable and thereby encourage them to invest more aggressively in growth. It would also allow companies to return more capital to shareholders through dividends and stock buybacks, as the government would be getting a smaller piece of the pie. Of course, some companies would benefit more from Trump's proposed tax cuts than others. Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL) ranks at the top. It earned $61 billion in pre-tax net income last year, remitting $15.7 billion, or 26%, to the government in the form of income taxes. Data source: Apple 2016 10-K and author's calculations. Chart by author. Under Trump's proposed 15% rate, Apple would have saved somewhere in the neighborhood of $6.5 billion last year. That's enough to buy 812.5 million "Make America Great Again" hats at Wal-Mart, or 7,065 hats for every Apple employee. But a hat-buying spree seems unlikely. Apple would probably just raise its dividend or repurchase more stock. Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!* Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Click here to get access to the full list! *Stock Advisor returns as of 5/1/2017. John Maxfield has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info May 8, 2017 at 12:00PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $153.01 up $4.05 (2.72%) Read More A Foolish Take: Which Companies Dominate the Wearables Market? Apple Inc.'s Mac Accelerates Its Rebound Is This Crazy Apple Inc. iPhone 8 Rumor Likely to Be True? A Noted Investing Guru Has Some Advice for Apple Apple Inc.'s iPad Does Better Than Expected Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current A Foolish Take: The Biggest Corporate Taxpayer in America @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL
Lehigh Valley proms: See all our photo galleries Severe weather alert in Northampton, Lehigh, Berks, Monroe and Carbon counties. May 9 News Breaking News DA: Whitehall couple accused of stealing from West Catasauqua Fire Company Fire truck FILE PHOTO/THE MORNING CALL Two former West Catasauqua Fire Company officials have been charged with theft. Two former West Catasauqua Fire Company officials have been charged with theft. (FILE PHOTO/THE MORNING CALL) Matt CoughlinContact ReporterOf The Morning Call DA: Whitehall couple accused of stealing from West Catasauqua Fire Company A Whitehall Township husband and wife have been charged with stealing more than $6,000 from the West Catasauqua Fire Company, the Lehigh County District Attorney's office said Monday. Harrison E. Bruder Jr., 53, and Brenda L. Bruder, 52, of South First Avenue, are charged with theft, receiving stolen property and criminal conspiracy, according to a news release. Harrison Bruder was president of the fire company and Brenda Bruder was the recording secretary. Martin said the couple used the fire company's checkbook and credit card to make purchases for their own benefit. The couple spent $6,388.47 on purchases at various stores in the area, according to officials. The thefts were uncovered by the fire company's treasurer, Barbara Bedocs, in March when she discovered irregularities in the company's savings and checking accounts, according to Martin. The charges were filed Monday morning with District Judge Robert C. Halal. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call Theft POLICE VIDEO Breaking Popular Obits Arts & Ent Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 41°
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Hot Topics MSFT AAPL Best Stocks for 2017 Top Investments Trade of the Day Dividends More Dow Jones crawls despite a monster day for Apple >>> READ MORE Breaking news sponsored by Home > Stock Picks > Stock Market Today > JD.com (JD) Stock Jumps as Chinese E-Tailer Swings to a Profit JD stock is up 8% Monday morning as the Chinese e-commerce giant draws new customers with global home products and other brands May 8, 2017, 7:27 am EDT  |  By Robert Lakin Get BABA alerts: Submit     JD.Com Inc (ADR) (NASDAQ:JD) announced a strong first quarter of 2017 that saw China’s No. 2 e-commerce operator flip to a profit. As a result, JD stock is up more than 8% in Monday’s premarket trade. Source: Daniel Cukier via Flickr JD.com announced that first-quarter 2017 net income from operations was $122.5 million compared to a $126 million loss in the comparable period last year. Earnings were 2 cents per share of JD stock, according to a company announcement. The swing to profit came as net revenue reached $111.1 billion, up 41.2% from last year’s first quarter. JD.com is China’s second-largest e-commerce firm, smaller than only Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:BABA). It also operates an online marketplace for third-party sellers to sell their products to customers. In recent months, JD.com has added household goods from producers such as Bayer (OTCMKTS:BAYRY) and Cetaphil, along with expanding into data, cloud and artificial intelligence services. Non-GAAP EBITDA for the first quarter of 2017 totaled $300 million, with a non-GAAP EBITDA margin of 2.9% versus 0.2% for the comparable quarter last year. “We are pleased to report another strong quarter of top and bottom line growth, as margins benefited from our rapidly growing scale across all of our product categories, as well as improved operating leverage,” said Sidney Huang, JD.com’s chief financial officer. “In the quarters ahead, we will continue to invest in innovative technologies to ensure long-term growth across our platform.” JD.com said it had approximately 120,000 merchants on its online marketplace as of April 30. During the quarter, it debuted a partnership with U.K. retailer and Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) unit ASDA to bring British products to Chinese consumers. “The Chinese market is embracing our model of a high-quality online shopping experience,” said Richard Liu, Chairman and CEO of JD.com. Looking Ahead Directing guidance, JD.com said net revenue for the second quarter of 2017 is expected to be between $12.8 billion and $13.1 billion, or a growth rate between 35% and 39% compared with the second quarter of 2016. Net revenue excluding JD Finance for the second quarter of 2017 are expected to be between $12.5 billion and $13.0 billion, representing a growth rate between 33% and 37%. JD stock is up more than 40% this year, gaining almost 12% in the last month alone. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/jd-com-jd-stock-jumps-profit/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 10 Hot Stocks to Sell Before They Hit the Wall 3 Alternative Funds to Save You From the Next Market Crash Why Apple Just Became an $800 Billion Company Coach Stock Is a Screaming Buy After Kate Spade Buyout How High Can Tesla Climb Without Regular Profits? Facebook Is Losing a War With Itself ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 10 Hot Stocks to Sell Before They Hit the Wall 3 Alternative Funds to Save You From the Next Market Crash Should Warren Buffett Buy Alphabet Inc (GOOGL) Stock? 3 Bank Stocks That Can Bank You Free Profits Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Is a Great Buy … If You Wait Most Popular The 10 Best Growth Stocks You Can Buy Right Now The 3 Best Comeback Stocks to Buy in 2017 10 Simply Safe Dividend Stocks to Buy for Retirement 7 Mid-Cap Stocks to Buy for ‘Sweet Spot’ Returns 10 Dividend Stocks That Will Deliver Double-Digit Returns Every Year The Top 5 Stocks to Buy in May Poll of the Day View and vote in our Will Snap beat expectations in its first quarterly report? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments100+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Opinions President Trump, stay in the Paris agreement. You’ll regret it if you don’t. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it A section of a glacier is seen from NASA's Operation IceBridge research aircraft on March 29 above Ellesmere Island, Canada. The ice fields of Ellesmere Island are retreating due to warming temperatures. (Mario Tama/Getty Images) By Todd Stern By Todd Stern May 8 at 9:16 AM Todd Stern was U.S. special envoy for climate change from 2009 to 2016. President Trump is reportedly considering whether to pull the United States out of the Paris climate agreement. That would be a huge mistake, and you don’t have to be a softhearted environmentalist to understand why. Hardheaded analysis based on the interests of national security and U.S. business leads to the inescapable conclusion that remaining in the agreement is in America’s best interest. Start with national security, and listen to what the Pentagon said in its most recent (2014) Quadrennial Defense Review. After noting that climate change will increase sea levels, temperature and severe weather patterns, the review described “the pressures caused by climate change” as “threat multipliers that will aggravate stressors abroad such as poverty, environmental degradation, political instability, and social tensions — conditions that can enable terrorist activity and other forms of violence.” Could the Pentagon reason that climate change is important but the Paris agreement is not? No. Climate change is a global threat that can be countered only by global action, so an international regime is essential. After more than 20 years of trying, world leaders, with U.S. leadership, finally established that regime in Paris — strong, flexible, durable and fair. It would be an act of careless disregard for national security to walk away. As a matter of diplomacy, withdrawing from the Paris agreement would be a stain on the legacies of both the president and Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, an act of diplomatic malpractice. Countries large and small, rich and poor, are deeply invested in Paris because they understand the peril of climate change and know the Paris agreement cannot be truly effective without U.S. engagement. They would see withdrawal as a slap in the face, disrespecting their fundamental interests and, in turn, eroding the United States’ diplomatic capital. (Daron Taylor/The Washington Post) This matters. In diplomacy, as in life, if you tell someone, “to hell with what you care about,” don’t expect open arms when you come calling with your own needs. Finally, if any one country stands to profit from the diplomatic capital the United Sates would waste from withdrawal, it’s China, which would depict itself as the hero willing to lead while the United States goes AWOL. It is unclear whether Tillerson, Defense Secretary Jim Mattis and national security adviser H.R. McMaster have been full-throated, aggressive participants in this debate, but they should be, considering the fateful stakes and their own equities. Now should be a look-in-the-mirror moment for them. They should go to the mat to prevent withdrawal. As for big business, the corporate community, from oil giants to tech firms to industrial behemoths, is strongly in favor of continued U.S. participation. Business support reads like a who’s who of major players, including DuPont, Hewlett-Packard, Apple, BP, General Mills, Google, PG&E, The Hartford, GE, ExxonMobil, ConocoPhillips, Microsoft, Johnson & Johnson, Cargill, General Motors, Bank of America, Intel, American Express, AT&T, Monsanto, Procter & Gamble, Nike, Coca-Cola, Pepsi, Walmart and NRG Energy. The reasons for this support are clear. Business leaders are fact-based. There is no room for ideological nonsense in the “C-suite.” Whatever their political party, corporate executives get that climate change is real and most are actively planning business strategy to manage its consequences and limit their own emissions. They see Paris as a balanced agreement they can work with. Recognizing that negotiations on guidelines and rules will continue and that their interests on matters such as intellectual property, trade and transparency could be affected, business leaders care — a lot — about having U.S. negotiators at the table to protect those interests. They also value predictability and hate the political gamesmanship of pulling out of Paris. Finally, corporate leaders understand that the transition to clean energy presents one of the biggest economic opportunities of this century, that climate change is a major driver of this transition and that the United States is perfectly positioned to lead it with our unmatched culture of innovation. They also know, conversely, that opting out on climate change will undermine this chance to create jobs and wealth. So my advice to the president is: Listen carefully to the views of your national-security and diplomatic team as well as top business executives. Reach a decision soon, but don’t let anyone tell you that a final decision must be made before the G7 Summit later this month. There is no such deadline; the right decision is better than a hasty one. And keep in mind that — as much as I would be sorry to see any retrenchment — countries can adjust their emissions targets downward. The agreement permits it, and I know because I helped negotiate that flexibility. So don’t pull out — it’s a decision you’d live to regret. Read more here: The Post’s View: Trump wants to leave the Paris agreement. That would be a huge mistake. Todd Stern: Trump can make the deal of the century on climate The Post’s View: The case for saving the Paris agreement David Ignatius: Not even Trump can easily reverse our progress on climate change opinions Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 100+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 125 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Most Read 1 Opinion GOP grownups debunk fake AHCA defenses 2 Opinion The health bill is a total disaster. That’s why Republicans keep lying about it. 3 Opinion I saw Laura Poitras’s Julian Assange movie 10 days ago. I’m still struggling with it. 4 Opinion Trump’s low-growth trap 5 Opinion Think you’re living in a ‘hellhole’ today? Try being a billionaire in 1916. The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game opinions Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman ChannelAdvisor Wins Dismissal of Patent Lawsuit RESEARCH TRIANGLE PARK, N.C.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–ChannelAdvisor Corporation (NYSE:ECOM), a leading provider of cloud-based e-commerce solutions that enable retailers and branded manufacturers to increase global sales, today announced the patent lawsuit filed by Lexos Media IP, LLC (“Lexos”) against ChannelAdvisor’s customer Costco Wholesale Corporation has been dismissed. After a critical favorable ruling from the court in the Eastern District of Texas in connection with the claim construction process, Lexos dismissed the lawsuit. The dismissal by Lexos was not tied to any payment or settlement agreement, Lexos simply “walked away” after the court’s ruling. “As a technology company, we strongly believe in legitimate intellectual property rights. However, it is important to take a stand against entities like Lexos to prevent them from bullying an entire industry with dubious or abusive patent claims,” said David Spitz, CEO. About ChannelAdvisor ChannelAdvisor (NYSE:ECOM) is a leading provider of cloud-based e-commerce solutions that enable retailers and branded manufacturers to integrate, manage and optimize their merchandise sales across hundreds of online channels including Amazon, eBay, Facebook, Google, Walmart and more. Through automation, analytics and optimization, ChannelAdvisor customers can leverage a single inventory feed to more efficiently list and advertise products online, and connect with shoppers to increase sales. Billions of dollars in merchandise value are driven through ChannelAdvisor’s platform every year, and thousands of customers use ChannelAdvisor’s solutions to help grow their businesses. For more information, visit www.channeladvisor.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Escalade Sports Implements NGC’s Andromeda Product Testing and Compliance Software Next PostNext Verint to Explore Customer Experience Trends and Best Practices in Customer Engagement at Industry Events This Month Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 107% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/8/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Why Plug Power Skyrocketed 64% in April Besides showers for the May flowers, April brought smiles to plenty of Plug Power's shareholders. Scott Levine (TMFProudMonkey) May 8, 2017 at 8:40AM What happened Shares of Plug Power (NASDAQ:PLUG), an industry leader in fuel-cell solutions, soared last month as investors celebrated the company's announcement of a strategic agreement with Amazon (NASDAQ:AMZN). So what Following the successful deployment of Plug Power's fuel-cell solution at one of its warehouses in the fourth quarter of 2016, Amazon will now transition its forklifts to hydrogen power at several other distribution centers. According to Plug Power's press release, the recently signed deal with Amazon could be worth as much as $70 million in revenue for fiscal 2017 and $600 million overall. Considering Plug Power reported $86 million in revenue for fiscal year 2016, and the company currently has a market cap of about $494 million, it's clear why investors took so kindly to news of the deal. Image source: Getty Images. Plug Power, as part of the agreement, also provided Amazon with a warrant to purchase up to 55,286,696 shares. Approximately 35 million shares will have an exercise price of $1.1893 per share; however, the exercise price of the remaining shares will be determined at a later date. According to the deal, the warrant is exercisable through April 4, 2027. Now what Those bullish on Plug Power may see the deal with Amazon as vindication -- proof that fuel-cell solutions are a valid alternative to traditional power sources. But people interpreting the deal as a harbinger of profitability must temper their enthusiasm and recall the company's deal with Wal-Mart. Forged in 2013, the relationship has led to significant top-line growth for Plug Power but unremarkable bottom-line growth. PLUG Revenue (Annual) data by YCharts. Investors should be circumspect about the deal -- not just in terms of annual revenue, but how it affects shareholder value. For all of its financial woes, Plug Power has managed to operate without burdening itself with substantial debt. Unable to generate positive operational cash flow, though, the company has relied on raising equity to keep the lights on. The deal with Amazon further exemplifies this. Currently, Plug Power has about 233 million shares outstanding, according to Morningstar; however, the deal with Amazon could result in notable dilution: The share count could rise by as much as 24%. As auspicious as Plug Power's deal with the leading online retailer may be, those who follow the company know that announcements of deals with big-name customers is not uncommon. What is uncommon, though, is bottom-line growth. Perhaps this deal will be different, but we'll have to wait several quarters before we have our answer. Scott Levine has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Scott Levine (TMFProudMonkey) A member of The Motley Fool since 2006, Scott began contributing content in 2013. He focuses on the energy sector, specifically renewable energy companies, and the Internet of Things. Follow him on Twitter for renewable energy and IoT news. . . Follow @scott81236 Article Info May 8, 2017 at 8:40AM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $949.04 up $14.89 (1.59%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $76.12 down $0.38 (-0.50%) Morningstar NASDAQ:MORN $73.25 up $0.01 (0.01%) Plug Power NASDAQ:PLUG $2.26 down $0.03 (-1.31%) Read More 3 Top Hydrogen Fuel Cell Stocks You Can Buy Right Now 5 Things Investors Will Look For When Plug Power Reports Q3 Earnings Why Shares of Plug Power Plunged 11% in November How Fuel-Cell Stocks Could Fare During a Donald Trump Presidency Does China Offer Plug Power a Path to Profitability? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Why Plug Power Skyrocketed 64% in April @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $MORN, $PLUG
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse At Berkshire Hathaway General Meeting, Charlie Munger Apologizes For Not Buying Google And Wal-Mart Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 08, 2017 8:30am   Comments Share: Warren Buffett and his right-hand man Charlie Munger delivered Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE: BRK-A) (NYSE: BRK-B) shareholders a nearly 2-million-percent return over half a century period. Yet despite a seven-digit return, Berkshire's vice chairman Munger still feels it necessary to apologize to investors for not doing more. According to Yahoo! Finance, Munger acknowledged during Berkshire Hathaway's annual general meeting over the weekend the company's mistake in missing out on technology stocks. Back when the internet was beginning to gain traction, Munger said he and his team were "probably smart enough" to be able to envision the long-term prospects of Alphabet Inc (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL). Yet at the same time, no one was "smart enough to do it." Munger emphasized he and his team were not technology investors at the time, and it is "a good idea to not play where the other people are better." "I would say that we failed you there," Munger also said. Second Mistake: Wal-Mart While sticking to the topic of mistakes and missed opportunities, Munger also explained the firm's failure to invest in Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT) earlier than it did. Berkshire bought a stake in Wal-Mart in the second quarter of 2005, but the firm didn't invest prior to that and "blew" missed opportunities. Not Yet A Mistake But Could Be Finally, Buffett himself acknowledged that his investment in International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM) could prove to be a mistake — although it isn't one just yet. To this, Buffett merely said that "it's harder to predict." Related Links: What Will Berkshire Look Like Post-Buffett? Are You Selling IBM Just Because Buffett Trimmed His Position? ________ Image Credit: By Nick (Charlie Munger) [CC BY 2.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/2.0)], via Wikimedia Commons Posted-In: Alphabet Berkshire Hathaway Charlie Munger Google IBM Technology StocksMarkets Media Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (BRK-A + BRK-B) What Will Berkshire Look Like Post-Buffett? Heading To Berkshire Hathaway's Annual Meeting? Here's 8 Other Things To Do While You're In Omaha Warren Buffett Compares Buying An iPhone To Buying A Car Is Buffett Shopping Around For A 12-Digit Acquisition? Barron's Picks And Pans: Caterpillar, NextEra, Chipotle And More What Donald Trump And Warren Buffett Have In Common View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on GOOG Trending Recent 1 FB, AAPL: Tim Cook Explains How Apple Services Is On Track To Be The Size Of A For... 2 FB, TWTR: A Snapshot Of Snap Inc's First Earnings Report 3 NVS, AMZN: Barron's Picks And Pans: Amazon, Novartis, Tesla A... 4 TXMD, PFE: Will TherapeuticsMD's Yuvvexy Pass The FD... 5 F, FTR: Value Or Value Trap? A Closer Look At 4... 6 FB, SNAP: Wall Street's Reaction To F... 7 AAPL: Analyst Takes Deep Dive Into... 1 KLAC, KATE: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 KORS, COH: Coach Will Buy Kate Spade For $2.4 Billion 3 JWN, KSS: Fast Money Traders Share Their Retail Trades 4 KATE, BDC: A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures... 5 FDP, DOLE: Goldman's Bill Libby Focuses O... 6 SLV: Carter Worth And Mike Khouw'... 7 DIS: Dan Nathan's Disney Call... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session
null
null
Skip to content Menu Our Bloggers Topics Contribute/Contact Site Search Retail armageddon: More bankruptcies in four months than all of 2016 May 7, 2017 This year has been particularly cruel to chains across all market segments as more have filed for bankruptcy protection in four months than did during the entirety of 2016. USC experts in business, architecture and culture are available to discuss the current sea change in the retail market as storefronts continue to shutter under the weight of fixed costs, low-margin big boxes and “e-tailers” that keep shipping faster and cheaper. Living in a less material world “Historically, consumers paid top dollar for material goods — particularly luxury goods — that reveal status. This practice is classically known as ‘conspicuous consumption.’ “In today’s contemporary retail market, a new phenomenon is emerging, what I call ‘conspicuous production,’ whereby consumers are more concerned with the process by which an item is made and where it is from than they are with how the item looks. “People seek out curated consumer experiences and meaning in the items they buy, which for many of us means we buy less, and we are much more discriminatory about what we buy and where we buy it. “With all of this information available, we are becoming conscious of reckless materialism and how it affects our world. As a result, for many of us, the retail process has become streamlined and pared down. “We want much more meaningful retail experiences and our purchases must symbolize more than just acquisition of material things.” ELIZABETH CURRID-HALKETT Professor of public policy at the USC Price School of Public Policy Decaying advantages for brick and mortar “Many brick-and-mortar stores could survive for years despite the lower prices and convenience of online retailers. They had the consumer’s trust and the advantage of a physical shopping environment to inspect products. But these advantages are decaying. “Consumers are increasingly more trustworthy of web-based payment systems. And new technologies like virtual mannequins and showrooming apps diminish the advantage of having a physical environment. So it is not surprising to see so many conventional retailers closing. “It may not be the end of brick-and-mortar stores entirely, however, because many people still enjoy the shopping experience. Shopping with a good friend, followed by coffee or a movie, is impossible to deliver online. This could explain why many malls have repackaged themselves as ‘experiential retail’ centers.” ANTHONY DUKES Associate professor of marketing at the USC Marshall School of Business More than a container for goods “In the age of e-commerce, the physical space of retail might better be seen as a showroom rather than a sales floor. As the point of sale becomes more and more virtual, we are seeing a move toward retail spaces being more experiential as opposed to transactional. “In its most pragmatic capacity, this shift defines the physical space of retail as an opportunity to browse and inspect goods prior to purchase. However, the biggest potential impact this shift in thinking provides is the elevation of physical space to be more than a container for goods, but rather the embodiment and, more importantly, the experience of brand identity.” ALVIN HUANG Associate professor of architecture at the USC School of Architecture A perfect storm of negative factors “There are many reasons why store chains are closing locations. Among these are the disruptive force of the internet, the hassle of driving and traffic, price competition, aging storefronts, poorly trained and unhappy salespeople, lower promotional budgets and the laziness of the modern consumer. “Since time immemorial, companies and end buyers alike have been looking to cut out the resellers, or middle people, to save money and sell more. This is to be expected, and many middle people that have not succeeded in proving their added value to end buyers have gone out of business. “Retail stores, however, can still be successful in the age of the internet. Many people will always like the social interaction and comfort of checking out the products in person, asking questions of knowledgeable sales people and making sure the products fit their needs.” IRA KALB USC Marshall assistant professor of clinical marketing (comments adapted from The Huffington Post) Two decades in the making “The current situation is likely the result of a number of factors that have occurred over the last two decades. “Retail is extremely sensitive to volumes since there are high fixed costs. Thus, a small decline in sales volumes can have a large impact. “The siphoning of sales to online merchants clearly has had some impact.  Showrooming has occurred to some extent, but more and more, many consumers are likely to buy online, based in large part on ratings and reviews. “A much bigger impact than online merchants has been the proliferation of discount stores such as Walmart and Target. With large volumes, they can maintain relatively low margins. Stores such as Sears and Macy’s, which have been heavily hit, are known as being ‘stuck in the middle’ — they have to compete on the upside against high-service chains such as Nordstrom and on the downside with Target and Walmart, which offer deep discounts.”  LARS PERNER USC Marshall assistant professor of clinical marketing   Rethinking ‘post-mall’ priorities “In Relocations, I wrote about how service and retail replaced the defense industry [which replaced agriculture and citrus] in SoCal’s suburban economies. Given the current administration’s budget proposal, it looks like the increase in defense spending is a compensatory gesture for this ‘apocalypse’ in the retail sector. “As enclosed malls are phased out in working-class, ex-urban regions, will cities have the wherewithal to rezone malls for mixed-use space [community centers, churches, libraries, etc.] as they did during the sub-prime crisis of 2008-09?” Categories Brain & Behavior Post navigation New biomarkers help predict outcomes in diabetic kidney disease Non-surgical weight-loss treatment found safe, effective for those with limited options Leave a Comment Cancel reply Our Bloggers Summer is Coming: Time to Shine a Light on Melanoma Gaia Cantelli New Study Will Help Giraffe Conservation Derek Lee CATS: Energy from tree leaves. One company’s products spark excitement Alan Kandel Digesting Waste Samuel Illingworth Clean-air Adventure Series: Loyalton, California Alan Kandel Clean-air Adventure Series: Dunsmuir, Mount Shasta, etc. Alan Kandel Window of Mathematics: The Language of Prime Numbers Neeti Sinha Comments Carrie K Truxall on A unique enzyme pill could be a game-changer for gluten-sensitive patients Jackie Beard on Team cures diabetes in mice without side effects Theodre Kennedy on Fewer kids get shot in areas with stronger gun laws Devon Jenks on Fewer kids get shot in areas with stronger gun laws Ronald Derkis on Weight-Based Teasing Has Long-Term Impact Recent Posts ‘Humanlike’ ways of thinking evolved 1.8 million years ago Narrative journaling may help heart health post-divorce Scientists find skin cells at the root of balding, gray hair Greater capacity to detect sound gives autistic people an advantage Research shows prejudice, not principle, often underpins ‘free-speech defense’ of racist language © 2017 ScienceBlog.com Pin It on Pinterest Get more stuff like this in your inbox Subscribe to our mailing list and get interesting stuff and updates to your email inbox. We respect your privacy and take protecting it seriously Scroll back to top
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global Alternative Online Payment Methods Report 2017 With Full Market Data for 2016 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 08 May, 2017, 08:15 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 08, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Alternative Online Payment Methods: Full Year 2016" report to their offering. Despite over half of worldwide online customers using credit cards to make purchases, more than 50% of E-Commerce sales are completed through alternative payment methods. Information cited in the report estimates that the combined share of different alternative payment methods in global E-Commerce sales will rise, leaving the share of bank cards at a decrease. Alternative payment methods are particularly favored over bank cards in emerging markets such as China. Here, E-Wallets like Alipay made up for more than half of online sales. Research within the report also found that in Indonesia and Thailand, online consumers prefer bank transfers, but in Vietnam, this method comes second after cash on delivery. Cash on delivery is also the most favored method from E-Commerce consumers in many select developing markets due to the level of banking penetration being lower than in other advanced economies. In advanced markets such as the USA, Canada, Japan, South Korea, the UK, and Sweden, credit card online payments remain in the lead. Notably, exceptions to this trend are in Germany and the Netherlands where alternative payment methods outrank bank card payments. This key information from the new report reveals that online retailers understand the necessity of providing different payment options to meet different customers' needs in that two-thirds of these E-Commerce merchants provide a minimum of 3 varying payment methods. Key Questions Answered - What are the leading alternative payment methods used by online shoppers worldwide? - How do online payment method preferences vary across 25+ markets in different regions? - How large is the share of alternative payment methods in global E-Commerce predicted to be in 2020? - What are the most important criteria applied by online shoppers when choosing a method to pay? Key Topics Covered: 1. Management Summary 2. Global Developments 3. Asia-Pacific 4. Europe 5. North America 6. Latin America 7. Middle East 8. Africa Companies Mentioned - Airtel Payments Bank Ltd - Alipay.com Co. Ltd. - Amazon.com Inc. - American Express Co. Inc. - Android Inc. - Apple Inc. - Axis Bank Ltd - Bank of America Corp. - Bank of Tokyo - Bic Camera Inc. - BillSAFE GmbH - Braspag Ltda. - Cielo S.A. - CurrentC - Deutsche Telekom AG - Discover Financial Services Inc. - Dotpay S.A. - Family Mart Co. Ltd. - FeliCa Networks Inc. - Flipkart Online Services Pvt. Ltd. - Freecharge Payment Technologies Pvt Ltd - HDFC Bank Ltd - ICICI Bank Ltd - iPag Ltda. - JCB Co. Ltd. - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Ltd. - Klarna AB - Lawson Inc. - MasterCard Inc. - MaxiPago Serviços de Internet S.A. - McDonald's Corp. - Mercedes Corp. - Microsoft Corp. - Mi-Pay Inc. - Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc. - Mundipagg S.A. - Nanaco Co. Ltd. - Oxxo S.A. - PagBrasil Ltda. - PagSeguro Ltda. - PayCash S.A. - Paydirekt GmbH - PayPal Inc. - Paytm Ltd. - PayU S.A. - Prezelewy24 S.A. Rakuten Edy Inc. - Rede S.A. - Samsung Pay Inc. - SBI Inc. - Shopclues.com Ltd. - Snapdeal - Starbucks Corp. - Suica - Target Co. - Tencent Holdings Ltd. - Tenpay Ltd. - Visa Inc. - Wal-Mart Stores - Waon Development Ltd. - Wells Fargo & Co. - Worldpay Inc. - Yodobashi Camera Co. Ltd. For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/4sl6fr/global Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-alternative-online-payment-methods-report-2017-with-full-market-data-for-2016---research-and-markets-300452962.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 08 May, 2017, 08:30 ET Preview: Europe Online Payment Methods Report 2017: Full Year 2016 Data - Projected Updates to Online Payment Methods in Europe - Research and Markets 08 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Preview: Global Online Payment Methods Report 2017: Full Insights on 2016 - Online Payment Fraud Projected to Increase on a Global Scale - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 08 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Global Sports Medicine (Body Reconstruction, Body Support &... 08 May, 2017, 19:15 ET United States Essential Oil Market Analysis 2014-2017 & 2024:... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Web Site Publishing & Information Services Banking & Financial Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Alternative Online Payment Methods Report 2017 With Full Market Data for 2016 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 08 May, 2017, 08:15 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Global Online Payment Methods Report 2017: Full Insights on 2016 - Online Payment Fraud Projected to Increase on a Global Scale - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 08 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article DUBLIN, May 08, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Online Payment Methods: Full Year 2016" report to their offering. E-Commerce consumers have varying attitudes per region regarding online payment methods. Research in the report reveals the multiplicity of these differences. For example, consumers from the Asia-Pacific and the Americas prefer to make online purchases via credit card, whereas online consumers from other areas have a preference towards alternative payment methods such as digital payment services or cash on delivery. Additionally, another survey conveys that online consumers prefer credit cards as the top payment method when buying cross-border, with online payment services such as E-Wallets coming in second. Third party research cited in the report relays that E-Wallets are the top payment method by share of E-Commerce sales worldwide, whereas credit cards come in second place. E-Wallets presumably outperform credit cards on a global scale due to China, the biggest online retail market in the world, where they account for over 50% of E-Commerce sales. For both online retailers and consumers, payment security is a top concern, even in advanced markets such as the USA and the UK. The report includes estimations that losses due to online payment fraud will increase yearly at double digit rates by 2020. Key Questions Answered - Which payment method is the online shoppers' first choice worldwide? - How large is the contribution of alternative payment methods to global E-Commerce compared to credit cards? - What are online shoppers' preferences regarding payment methods in 30+ countries around the world? - How large is the volume of global mobile payments? - What do digital consumers think about payment security? Key Topics Covered: 1. Management Summary 2. Global Developments 3. Asia-Pacific 4. Europe 5. North America 6. Latin America 7. Middle East 8. Africa Companies Mentioned - 7-Eleven Inc. - Alipay.com Co. Ltd. - Amazon.com Inc. - Android Inc. - Apple Inc. - Axis Bank Ltd - Bank of America Corp. - Bank of Japan - Bic Camera Inc. - BillSAFE GmbH - Cielo S.A. - Braspag Ltda. - Deutsche Telekom AG - Dotpay S.A. - FeliCa Networks Inc. - Flipkart Online Services Pvt. Ltd. - Freecharge Payment Technologies Pvt Ltd - Google Inc. - GMV Innovating Solutions - HDFC Bank Ltd - ICICI Bank Ltd - iPag Ltda. - JCB Co. Ltd. - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Ltd. - Klarna AB - Lawson Inc. - MasterCard Inc. - MaxiPago Serviços de Internet S.A. - McDonald's Corp. - Mercedes Corp. - Microsoft Corp. - Mi-Pay Inc. - Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc. - Moip Pagamentos S.A. - Mundipagg S.A. - Nanaco - PagBrasil Ltda. - PagSeguro Ltda. - Paydirekt GmbH - PayPal Inc. - Paytm Ltd. - PayU S.A. - Prezelewy 24 S.A. Rakuten Edy Inc. - Rede S.A. - Samsung Pay Inc. - SBI Inc. - Shopclues.com Ltd. - Snapdeal - Starbucks Corp. - Suica - Tenpay Ltd. - Visa Inc. - Wal-Mart Stores - Waon Development Ltd. - Yodobashi Camera Co. Ltd. - Wells Fargo & Co. For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/nw84p6/global_online Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-online-payment-methods-report-2017-full-insights-on-2016---online-payment-fraud-projected-to-increase-on-a-global-scale---research-and-markets-300452959.html SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 08 May, 2017, 08:15 ET Preview: Global Alternative Online Payment Methods Report 2017 With Full Market Data for 2016 - Research and Markets 08 May, 2017, 07:45 ET Preview: 2017 Drug Delivery in Cancer Research Report - 2026 Projections on Technologies, Markets and Companies - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 08 May, 2017, 19:15 ET Global Sports Medicine (Body Reconstruction, Body Support &... 08 May, 2017, 19:15 ET United States Essential Oil Market Analysis 2014-2017 & 2024:... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Web Site Publishing & Information Services Banking & Financial Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Online Payment Methods Report 2017: Full Insights on 2016 - Online Payment Fraud Projected to Increase on a Global Scale - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 08 May, 2017, 08:00 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent Jaime Brandt leaving Linn-Mar for Liberty Area softball Super Ten Hancher Auditorium announces 2017-18 shows Matt Orton steps down as Cedar Rapids Jefferson wrestling coach Cedar Rapids firefighters battle blaze at Cambridge Townhomes apartment complex off Blairs Ferry Road Cedar Rapids firefighters battle blaze at Cambridge Townhomes apartment complex off Blairs Ferry Road Cedar Rapids schools still sticking with plan to close at least 8 elementary schools Corbett’s run for governor hinges on book tour reception Yates warned White House that Flynn ‘could be blackmailed’ by Moscow Democratic ad blitz takes aim at vulnerable House Republicans on Obamacare Obituaries Obits submitted to The Gazette are published online and in the newspaper the next day. Sign up for our newsletter to get obituary headlines sent to your inbox every day. Search for obits using site search in the top right corner. Thank you for subscribing. Your newsletters will begin to arrive in the next day or two. Your Email All Newsletters Submission form Daniel Dyer Daniel Dyer Photo Photo DANIEL BRUCE DYER Cedar Rapids Daniel Bruce Dyer, 54, of Cedar Rapids, died at home Tuesday, May 2, 2017. Celebration of Life will be at 11 a.m. Friday, May 12, at Zion Lutheran Church, Hiawatha, by Pastor Daniel Krueger. Visitation will be from 9 to 10:45 a.m. Friday at the church. Survivors include his sisters, Pamela (Jeff) Brammann, Sandra (Steve) Black Wolf, Wendy Dyer, Laura (Dave) Kenneson, Kimberly Morning, Kellie (Doug) Franklin and Kerrie (Bryan) Merck; his mother and stepfather, Nancy and Carl Morning; nine nieces; and 11 nephews. He was preceded in death by his grandparents, Leonard and Erna Petsel. Born March 29, 1963, in Tucson, Ariz., he graduated from Kennedy High School in Cedar Rapids. He was employed at Wal-Mart. Danny loved music, fishing, pool and his truck. He was a loving son and enjoyed spending time with his large family and all of his nieces and nephews. Posted on Monday, 8 May 2017 Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Streetwise Our Favorite Security Blanket: Big Tech Investors are flocking to tech stocks on worries that the economy may be rolling over. And all are waiting for the new iPhone. By Kopin Tan Biography May 6, 2017 12:03 a.m. ET Just in time for spring, our love affair with big technology stocks has reached full bloom. Tech shares are up 16.5% this year, far lovelier than the overall market’s 7.2%, and the chosen few making serial all-time highs include Apple (ticker: AAPL), Facebook (FB), Amazon.com (AMZN), Netflix (NFLX), and Google parent Alphabet (GOOGL).... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. AT&T, Verizon’s 5G Will Be a Cable Killer First, Say Cowen Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. Costco’s Special Payout Comes With Trade-Offs Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Snap Estimates Big Enough to Drive a Truck Through Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. SOHN Spotlight: Tesla is Just Like Apple…Except in This Important Way Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Best ETFs for Income Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 At Age 20, Amazon Stock Can Fly Higher Still 2 JetBlue Should Thrive With Legroom Lead 3 Barron's Buzz: Amazon Stock at 20: Now What? Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 53° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Cloudy. Slight chance of a rain shower. High around 60F. Winds light and variable.. Tonight Considerable cloudiness. Low 49F. Winds SE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: May 9, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close Buy Now Peter Thomson, La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Gander Mountain featured New owner: Gander Mountain store in Onalaska not closing after all MARC WEHRS MARC WEHRS May 7, 2017 2 Buy Now Peter Thomson, La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Gander Mountain The new owner of Gander Mountain says he hopes to keep at least 70 of the 162 stores open, and Onalaska’s looks to be one of them. The Onalaska Gander Mountain store’s liquidation sale is what’s going on at all stores, said CNBC’s “The Profit” Marcus Lemonis, the chain’s new owner. He said on his Twitter feed that that Gander Mountain locations are having clearance sales because his purchase did not include inventory. Camping World Holdings Inc. announced last week it and a group of liquidators won a bankruptcy auction for the St. Paul-based Gander Mountain Co. and its Overton’s boating business. Gander Mountain declared bankruptcy in March. The Onalaska store was spared earlier this year when Gander announced it was closing 32 “under-performing” locations around the country, including a store in Eau Claire. The 57,120-square-foot Onalaska Gander Mountain store, which opened in 2011, was built at a former Onalaska Walmart store site and replaced a 33,000-square-foot Gander Mountain that opened in 1995 along Hwy. 16 in Onalaska. “So Gander Mountain filed bankruptcy as you know, and about 10 days ago I bought all of the assets, all of the intellectual property, all of the trademarks, all of the leases and the Overton’s business. Except for the fact that I did not buy, intentionally, the inventory that’s in the stores,” Lemonis told IndyStar on Sunday morning. “A liquidator bought the inventory that’s in the stores and they have the right to sell that inventory down and out as if it’s going away. But the confusing message is whether a store is staying open or not. “And ultimately we control the leases ... every single property. And my intention is to keep at least 70 open.” A tweet by Lemonis on Saturday afternoon said Onalaska will make the cut. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Angry 2 Sad 0 Funny 6 Wow 3 Love 2 Local From Tribune files: Openings and closings of La Crosse area businesses May 2, 2017 0 Each week, Tribune business columnist Steve Cahalan reports on the latest openings and closings in the La Crosse area. Related Links Video: Gander Mountain owner Marcus Lemonis Tags Onalaska Gander Mountain Store Economics Inventory Marcus Lemonis Store Commerce Mountain Liquidator Clearance Sale MARC WEHRS Follow MARC WEHRS Close Get email notifications on MARC WEHRS daily! Your notification has been saved. There was a problem saving your notification. Whenever MARC WEHRS posts new content, you'll get an email delivered to your inbox with a link. Email notifications are only sent once a day, and only if there are new matching items. Save Manage followed notifications Follow MARC WEHRS Close Followed notifications Please log in to use this feature Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (2) comments (2) comments Frangel45 May 8, 2017 1:46pm Good to be rid of the 'gun hangout'. RVer's - great!! Report Add Reply Muddy May 8, 2017 4:28pm So RVer's aren't gun owners too? Report Add Reply Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. POPULAR IN THIS SECTION New owner: Gander Mountain store in Onalaska not closing after all Steve Cahalan: Grand reopening set at Iron Physique Gym Going-out-of-business sale underway at Onalaska Gander Mountain Marineland Pet & Dive Center marks 50 years in business Good Steward Resale Store debuts new store at former Edwardo's location Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Lithiumion-Batterypack.Com Introduces Custom and Standard 224v Li-Ion Batteries FOR IMMEDIATE RELEASE China (May 06, 2017) – Lithiumion-batterypack.com brings lithium Ion batteries in custom configurations and also in 24V rechargeable battery packs. These high power batteries are for use in high performance machines and appliances, and can be recharged and made while maintaining very high quality. These batteries are complaint with standards like FCC, UL, BSMI, CE, PSE, ROHS and UN38.3 etc. They are making custom 24v lithium battery, which can be used for any project users think fit for. Custom batteries are made as per user requirements and specifications. The sales engineer of the company passes requests for the 24v lithium battery pack. Batteries are delivered within one or two weeks in case of small or sample orders. For bulk orders they take 4 to 6 weeks for delivering batteries. While they make and sell 24v lithium ion battery with various specifications, they also sell the mold to make batteries, which may come in any color, body type, and battery and function type as per order. The manufacturing unit of the factory is spread across 1000 sq meters, and they are operational since 2002. With certifications from ISO9001/14001/18001 Walmart, BSCI, and MFi, and with a big team consisting of 60 R&D experts, and 400 staffs in various cadres, they are running for years to manufacture Li-ion batteries in bulk. Their units are compliant and running successfully for advanced testing, international certifications and professional manufacturing. Their products have already been sold to, Australia, Japan, Brazil, UK, France, Germany, Canada, Mexico, India, USA, Spain and China. Brands like Samsung, Panasonic, Sanyo, Sony LG, ATL, Lishen, and BAK, are available with Lithiumion-batterypack.com. With professional aging centre and testing centre, they are fully equipped to cater to custom and standard Li-ion battery solutions. More information about their products and services can be obtained from http://www.lithiumion-batterypack.com/products_list/24v-lithium-ion-battery.html About: Lithiumion-batterypack.com sells standard and custom 24v lithium ion batteries in bulk or sample orders through all countries of the world. ### CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious HR Fix Helps Employers with Employee Related Risks Next PostNext A PCD Pharma Company – Best Possible Way To Success Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home Download News App Rebuilding Gatlinburg Live Video Channel 1 Channel 2 Traffic Map Incidents Weather Color The Weather 7 Day Forecast Alerts Forecast Hourly Radar School/Business Closings Web Cameras News Local Tennessee Kentucky National/World Consumer Investigations Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School Community Community Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes Power in Purple As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It! Send News Tips Meet the Team Contact Meet the Team Contact Us 57° F Overcast Hi: 72° F Lo: 55° F Forecast Radar WebCams Menu Skip to content   Home News News Traffic Local Tennessee Kentucky Watercooler National/World Closings Food For Thought Consumer Investigations Rebuilding Gatlinburg Caring for Our Kids Knox County Blount County Sevier County Anderson County Hamblen County Campbell County Roane County Cumberland County Loudon County More Featured: Rebuilding Gatlinburg Latest Headlines Tennessee to host SEC Softball Tournament May 8, 2017 The University of Tennessee is hosting the SEC Softball Tournament this week at Sherri Parker Lee Stadium. Bumble Bee Foods fined $25 million, admits price fixing May 8, 2017 Tuna-canning company Bumble Bee Foods has agreed to pay a $25 million fine after pleading guilty to conspiring with competitors to fix price… Health care fight shifts to Senate, where GOP wants a reboot May 8, 2017 Suicide online: Facebook aims to save lives with new actions May 8, 2017 Richard Simmons sues National Enquirer for libel May 8, 2017 Weather Weather Color The Weather Alerts Almanac Closings Current Conditions Current Temperatures Forecast Hour-by-Hour Radar Web Cameras Download the Knoxville Wx App More Current Conditions 57° F Overcast Feels Like: 57° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 94% Dewpoint: 55° F Sunrise: 6:35 AM Sunset: 8:28 PM Knoxville Area Weather Forecast Radar WebCams 7-Day Sponsored by: Sports Tennessee Friday Night Hits High School More Community News Calendar Day of Service WATE 6 On Your Side Heroes Power in Purple More As Seen On WATE Good Morning Tennessee WATE 6 On Your Side News at 4:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 5:30 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 6:00 p.m. WATE 6 On Your Side News at 11:00 p.m. Report It Watch Watch Now As Seen On WATE Television Schedule Find our Channel Tennessee This Week More About Us Work For Us Contact Meet the Team Download our WATE 6 On Your Side apps Text Alerts Email Alerts Closings On Your Side Local Business Request a Tour Contests Advertising Search for: Search the site 57° F Overcast Hi: 72° F Lo: 55° F Sevierville neighbors rescue injured bald eagle By Kelly Reinke Published: May 7, 2017, 9:31 pm Updated: May 8, 2017, 11:22 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) SEVIERVILLE (WATE) – A bald eagle is recovering after neighbors in Sevierville found the injured bird in their backyard. They noticed it looked hurt and immediately took action. They called the American Eagle Foundation for help. It’s now receiving treatment at the University of Tennessee’s Veterinary Medical Center for a puncture wound. Kevin McMichael’s wife noticed the bird from their driveway. McMichael went over to take a video of it but quickly noticed something was off. The eagle was badly hurt. “Took a good look at it. I could see some blood,” McMichael said. He rushed to find his neighbors, including Kim Osborne. “I guess my initial reaction was just shock because you don’t expect to see a bald eagle in your yard,” she said. Her next reaction was to call for help. A crew from the American Eagle Foundation took the eagle to the University of Tennessee’s Veterinary Medical Center. Doctors said it had a pretty good size puncture wound. They believed the bird was in a fight with another eagle. “We have to save the bird. That is the first thing you think of is that this is a national bird. We have to protect the eagle,” Osborne said. Thankfully, doctors said the eagle is improving. They also said they found an old gunshot wound. A spokesperson with the TWRA said that is hard for them to investigate an old injury because that could have happened anywhere, even another state. They said if someone in the area believes they have any information, they should give them a call. If you ever come across an injured wild animal, TWRA said to give them a call at 1-800-831-1174. The bird will be sent to the American Eagle Foundation to recover.   Injured bald Eagle – Courtesy: Kim Osbourne View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Injured bald Eagle – Courtesy: Kim Osbourne x Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window)                                   Latest Galleries PHOTOS: Fall Creek Falls PHOTOS: Operation Cash Me Outside PHOTOS: Clinton Walmart shooting PHOTOS: Kevin Steen MUGSHOTS: Knox County pawn shop arrests MUGSHOTS: Knox County pawn shop arrests PHOTOS: Padding on ‘Powell Lake’ PHOTOS: Counterfeit $50 bills PHOTOS: Powell High School flooding PHOTOS: Knoxville March for Science 2017       Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts East Tennessee bald eagle attacked by geese Memories shared with Ken Sparks Neighbor calls fire crews when Knoxville home burns with owners gone 2 bald eagles euthanized after being shot in Tennessee Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Trending on WATE.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WATE.com © 1998-2017 WATE.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Site News Knoxville, TN Weather Sports Community Report It Watch More County Anderson County Blount County Campbell County Claiborne County Cocke County Cumberland County Fentress County Grainger County Greene County Hamblen County Hancock County Hawkins County Jefferson County Knox County Loudon County McMinn County Monroe County Morgan County Roane County Sevier County Scott County Union County Station Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertising Terms and Conditions and Credit Policy Work For Us FCC Public File For problems with the FCC File EEO Public Filings Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Contests Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Rewards Classifieds Homes Jobs Cars Biz Chattanooga, TN 61° View Live Radar Wed H 87° L 61° Thu H 84° L 63° Fri H 75° L 56° Weather Sponsored By: Local Business Sports Life Opinion Politics Obits National Right2Know Login Subscribe Search Classifieds Classifieds. Sell your Stuff Buy Stuff Biz. Offer your Services Find a Service Cars. Sell your Car Find a Car Cars Trucks Jobs. Post a Job Find a Job Homes. List your Property Find Property Find Rental Property HomeFinder Business Briefs: New York investment group buys Fairfield Inn in East Ridge for $6.5 million Business Briefs: New York investment group buys Fairfield Inn in East Ridge for $6.5 million May 9th, 2017 by Dave Flessner in Business Around the Region Accent renamed to EMJ Special Projects Accent Construction Services has changed its name to EMJ Special Projects. EMJ Special Projects will continue to operate as a separate member of the EMJ Corp. family, led by Senior Vice President Chas Torrence. Employees, clients, subcontractors and other partners will continue to receive the same day-to-day experience and interact with the same operations team. Founded in 2007, EMJ Special Projects is a specialized business unit that focuses on short-term, specialty projects and programmatic work. The name Special Projects was chosen to convey the wide-ranging capabilities of the team. The focus is not solely small, single tenant retail, but rather unique and innovative work of all sizes in a variety of sectors, according to the company. Fairfield East Ridge sells for $6.5 million A decade after building the the Fairfield Inn and Suites in East Ridge, the original investors in the 79-room hotel have sold the property to a New York investment group. But 3H Hotels will continue to manage the facility at 1453 Mack Smith Road. The new owners, organized as Adar Eastridge LLC, bought the hotel on May 1 for $6.5 million, according to property filings with the Hamilton County Register of Deeds. The 50,508-square-foot Fairfield Inn includes a swimming pool, 24-hour business center and snack bar. The hotel was built in 2007, but was recently renovated and no immediate plans for changes at the hotel are planned as a result of its sale, Desai said. The new owners have agreed to keep 3H Group as the hotel manager. Hiren Desai, CEO of the 3H Group, said the investors have bought a couple of 3H hotels. But the Chattanooga-based hotel operator continues to own most of its hotel properties. Desai founded 3H in 2000 and has grown the company to more than 20 hotels in six states. TVA distributors to add more solar The Tennessee Valley Authority said Monday it is awarding contracts with EPB, North Georgia Electric Membership Corp., Volunteer Energy Cooperative and four other distributors for another 10 megawatts of solar power generation. The seven local power companies will be aided by TVA, which will buy the solar-generated power through TVA's Distributed Solar Solutions pilot program. The electricity generated from the solar panels will be sufficient to power more than 900 average homes. Tammy Bramlett, TVA's director of Business Development and Renewables, said 13 local power companies applied to participate with solar projects ranging from 50 kilowatts to two megawatts. Those chosen for the program include EPB in Chattanooga, which already built a $1.7 million solar farm next to its distribution center along North Holtzclaw Avenue last year. TVA has contracted or installed around 400 megawatts of solar capacity in its generation portfolio, and currently has more than 1,200 megawatts of wind and over 50 megawatts of biomass. Buffett faults United, but airline traffic up Warren Buffett said Monday that United Airlines bungled the case of the passenger dragged off a plane last month, and he criticized the CEO's handling of the incident. Buffett also said airplanes "may become like cattle cars," but that's because a significant number of passengers will put up with crowding in exchange for cheaper fares. Buffett, whose Berkshire Hathaway Inc. is United's largest shareholder and has large stakes in other big U.S. airlines, said the recent spotlight on poor customer service in the airline industry doesn't change his investment strategy. After the market closed Monday, United reported that passenger traffic in April rose 7.4 percent, compared with a year ago. That beat Delta's 1.6 percent gain but fell short of Southwest's 8.4 percent increase. Target tests new way to restock households Target is testing a program that lets customers order household essentials like laundry detergent, paper towels and peanut butter and have them delivered to their homes the next day. The service, being tested with employees for now, is similar to Amazon Pantry, and comes as Target is trying to enhance its online services to better compete with Wal-Mart and online leader Amazon. Bumble Bee Foods admits price fixing Tuna-canning company Bumble Bee Foods has agreed to pay a $25 million fine after pleading guilty to conspiring with competitors to fix prices, the U.S. Department of Justice said Monday. The San Diego-based company will also cooperate with an ongoing antitrust investigation into the packaged seafood industry, the federal agency said. The fine will increase to $81.5 million if the company is sold. The criminal charge reflects broader concerns about competition within the industry. Federal civil litigation in California has alleged price-fixing collusion by Bumble Bee and its competitors. The Justice Department said in December that Bumble Bee and Chicken of the Sea, a rival company, were abandoning a planned merger after the department raised concerns that the transaction would harm competition. More Articles Read previous article Gas prices fall in Chattanooga to among lowest in the country Read next article EMJ Special Projects aims to become $100 million-a-year business Chattanooga Times Free Press Latest Articles Hamilton County school board starts interviewing superintendent candidates [photos] Records: Detentions officer, son had history of conflict leading up to shooting East Chattanoogans voice short-term vacation rental concerns Whitwell man's body found in Suck Creek four days after he went missing Portion of Ochs Highway to be closed parts of Tuesday and Wednesday School board begins interviewing superintendent candidates UPDATE: Victim identified, person of interest in custody in Bradley County death investigation Robbinsville man charged in Cherokee County, N.C., stabbing Sinclair to buy Tribune Media for $3.9 billion HCSO deputies investigating accidental shooting on Thrasher Pike I-24 eastbound reopens to traffic after hours long shut down, delays expected Trump's salary may be donated to Chickamauga-Chattanooga National Military Park [photos]
Amazon lowers free shipping minimum ... again - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Amazon lowers free shipping minimum ... again Posted: Monday, May 8, 2017 10:05 PM EDT Updated: Monday, May 8, 2017 10:05 PM EDT By Kathryn Vasel NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- It's now easier to qualify for free shipping on Amazon. The company has lowered the minimum for non-Prime members to $25 of eligible items, according to a shipping page on its website. Shoppers used to have to spend $35 or more to qualify for free shipping. The new minimum represents a drop of nearly 29%. Items will be delivered five to eight business days after they are available to ship. Amazon didn't immediately respond to requests for comment on when and why the threshold was lowered. Shoppers with Amazon Prime memberships, which cost $10.99 a month or $99 a year, get unlimited free two-day shipping on eligible items with no minimum along with other benefits like streaming TV, movies and music. With more consumers shopping from their computers, online retailers have been battling it out to gain and retain customers. In February, Amazon lowered its free shipping threshold down to $35 from $49 after Walmart started offering free two-day shipping without a membership fee on orders of at least $35. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM 98.1 FM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Current Show The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Hugh Hewitt Show 5AM–7AM Neill Atkins 7AM–8AM "Sound Off" with Brad B... 8AM–11AM Current Weather (55811) 42° Search Our Site Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM News Target to test next-day delivery service in Minneapolis Target to test next-day delivery service in Minneapolis Monday, May 08, 2017 7:58 p.m. CDT The sign outside the Target store is seen in Arvada, Colorado January 10, 2014. REUTERS/Rick Wilking (Reuters) - Target Corp plans to test a next-day home delivery service called Target Restock in the Minneapolis area, the company said in a blog post on Monday. The company said household essentials ordered online, like laundry detergent and coffee, will be packaged at a nearby store, allowing for delivery the next day. (http://bit.ly/2qUA0J5) Target and other major brick and mortar retailers are investing heavily in their e-commerce businesses as they try to gain ground on Amazon.com Inc , which revolutionized online retail through aggressive pricing and speedy delivery. Minneapolis-based Target lagged behind competitors in e-commerce, but is now stepping up its emphasis on such sales. The company had signed a deal with online delivery service Instacart to pick up Target groceries and deliver them to customers in some cities. The company intends to compete with rivals Wal-Mart Stores Inc and Amazon for same-day delivery. (Reporting by Akankshita Mukhopadhyay in Bengaluru; Editing by Mary Milliken) Comments Top Stories Lake Superior Zoo Gets Donated X-Ray Equipment Monday, May 8 What If You Hook Your Finger Instead Of A Fish Monday, May 8 Another Mobile Home Fire On Friday Monday, May 8 I-35 Bridge Work Begins In Carlton County Monday, May 8 Area Tunnel Cleaning Is Underway Monday, May 8 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2017 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota 98.1 FM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 84454 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 9 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Mail Service Pharmacy Market: Recent Industry Trends and Projected Industry Growth, 2017-2025 Albany, NY — (SBWIRE) — 05/08/2017 — Mail Service Pharmacy Market: Snapshot Mail service pharmacy is swiftly becoming a highly used channel of distribution of pharmaceutical products to the consumers. Some of the leading players in the global mail service pharmacy market are propelling their services ahead of the game through high level quality improvements, addition of benefits and loyalty services, greater accountability, patient care, and consumer protection. The emergence of mail service pharmacy accreditation organizations is further pushing players in this market to improve their service provision quality in order to stay afloat in this quickly intensifying competitive landscape. Several players offer added benefits and subscription value additions, such as improve savings on prescription co-pays, on-call or online pharmaceutical advice, extended delivery quantities as allowed by the prescription, low cost or free shipping, and added services that help patients keep track of their prescription times and remainder quantities. The current ecommerce boom is also serving the global mail service pharmacy market very well, as players are offering online prescription based pharmaceutical services, with added online services and benefits such as being able to update and manage insurance data. Request Sample Copy of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=B&rep_id=105 Players in the global mail service pharmacy market are also ramping up their privacy policies due to the increasing scope of ecommerce in the market and the resulting usage of Internet websites for the conduction of business. At the same time, online platforms have made it much easier for players in the global mail service pharmacy market to get their customers started and help them maintain a better pharmaceutical profile with prompt advice and delivery times. Global Mail Service Pharmacy Market: Overview The global mail service pharmacy market involves services related to the delivery of medication primarily through mail. It covers managed care programs that include healthcare maintenance organization and preferred provider organization. Mail service pharmacies can help save prescription co-payments, allow access to expert pharmacist advice, offer potential cost saving loyalty schemes, and reduce the risk of a patient missing their dose through methods such as medical subscriptions or reminders for purchase. Customers can order medication by phone, mail or through the company’s secure website. Mail service pharmacies save money that otherwise is owed in the form of co-payments for medication. Additionally, customers can benefit significantly through these services rather than face shortage of medicines in local pharmacies. Many companies provides exclusive home delivery services through express scripts mail services that will ultimately save time and eliminate extra payments. Request TOC of the Report @ https://www.tmrresearch.com/sample/sample?flag=T&rep_id=105 Global Mail Service Pharmacy Market: Drivers and Top Trends The global mail service pharmacy market is witnessing a very positive rate growth, owing to the solid presence of various multinational mail service pharmacies across all key regions. These companies provide 24×7 services and benefits to their customers, improved consistently through online surveys, consumer feedback, and other suggestions. This would ultimately increase the number mail service pharmacy users, thereby stimulating the market’s growth. Another key factor influencing the growth of the global mail service pharmacy market is an increasing demand of fast and effective services within medical industries on a global scale. Mail service pharmacies offer a better level of service than conventional mailing systems due to a stronger distribution network. Many key players provide custom services as well, such as OptumRx, Inc. with their OptumRx mail service pharmacy, a system known to save time and money. In addition, mail services today use computerized quality control systems supervised by licensed pharmacists, thereby helping to avoid harmful drug interactions and accuracy in prescription delivery. PBM Plus, Inc.’s mail service pharmacy offers an accurate and easy prescription-filling system along with the convenience of home delivery. These services offered by key players will attract more number of customers to the global mail service pharmacy market over conventional pharmaceutical sales. However, the overall lack of knowledge about mail pharmacy services in developed countries will restrain the market growth to the some extent. Read Comprehensive Overview of Report@ https://www.tmrresearch.com/mail-service-pharmacy-market Global Mail Service Pharmacy Market: Regional Analysis Geographically, North America dominated the global mail pharmacy services market in 2016, due to an increase in the need for healthcare and biotech samples and equipment. Europe is considered second in terms of size of share in the global mail service pharmacy market, and its growth is mainly attributed to the quick and effective courier services provided by key players in the region. Asia Pacific nations such as India and China are the emerging locations in the global mail services pharmacy market, due to an increasing use of mail pharmacy services by medical facilities and other customers. Global Mail Service Pharmacy Market: Market Leaders Various key players in the global mail service pharmacy market so far, have been Justia, Walgreen Co., OptumRx, Inc., Blue Shield of California, PBM Plus, Inc., Fairview Health Services, United HealthCare Services, Inc., WellCare, Inc., Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Massachusetts, Inc., Walgreen Co., Caremark, L.L.C., Blue Cross And Blue Shield Association, and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. About TMR Research TMR Research is a premier provider of customized market research and consulting services to business entities keen on succeeding in todayâ€™s supercharged economic climate. Armed with an experienced, dedicated, and dynamic team of analysts, we are redefining the way our clientsâ€™ conduct business by providing them with authoritative and trusted research studies in tune with the latest methodologies and market trends. Our savvy custom-built reports span a gamut of industries such as pharmaceuticals, chemicals and metals, food and beverages, and technology and media, among others. With actionable insights uncovered through in-depth researh of the market, we try to bring about game-changing success for our clients. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Quick Cash For Cars Brisbane specializes in collecting junk cars for quick cash Next PostNext Find Emergency Medical Care 24/7 with Google Maps Links Through the New Website BestUrgentCareNear.me Search Recent Posts Global Harbor and Marina Management Software Industry Growth Rate and Market Segment by Regions/Countries Global Triadimenol Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Global Thiram Market 2022: Segmentation by Manufacturers, application, type & regions Global Thiophanate-methyl Market Regional Analysis with Key Strategies, Application & Forecast to 2022 Thiabendazole Market Report 2022: Present Scenario for Business Opportunities, Drivers and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Follow @RollingStone Brad Paisley Plots 2017 Weekend Warrior Tour News Video Music Politics TV Movies Sports Gaming RS Country More News Video Music Politics TV Movies Sports Gaming RS Country Lists Culture Galleries Long Reads Interviews Artists Album Reviews Ram Report Movie Reviews Coverwall Live Reviews 50th Anniversary Podcasts Subscribe Trending Brad Paisley Plots 2017 Weekend Warrior Tour Watch Jake Owen's Island-Hopping 'Good Company' Video See Luke Bryan, Carrie Underwood's Surprise 'Play It... See Maren Morris' Gutting 'I Could Use a Love Song'... Brad Paisley Plots 2017 Weekend Warrior Tour Performer follows new album 'Love and War' with extensive trek across North America Brad Paisley has announced dates for his 2017 Weekend Warrior Tour. Credit: David Becker/Getty Images By Jeff Gage 9 hours ago More News See Brad Paisley's Moving Video Tribute to Johnny Cash Hear Brad Paisley, Mick Jagger's Strutting 'Drive of Shame' Review: Brad Paisley's 'Love and War' Is a Defiant Classic Rock Rewind Watch Brad Paisley Sing 4/20 Song Parodies on 'Tonight Show' Hear Brad Paisley's Moving Adaptation of Johnny Cash Poem All Stories Brad Paisley doesn't normally take as long to make an album as he did with Love and War, but he has his reasons this time around. The new LP, which arrived on April 21st, was released three years after its predecessor, but it came with a star-studded list of guests including Mick Jagger, John Fogerty, and Timbaland. Now that Love and War is finished, Paisely will hit the road later this month to support it with his new Weekend Warrior World Tour. Related Inside Brad Paisley's Defiant, All-Star New Album 'Love and War' With cameos by Mick Jagger and Timbaland, and a biting political collaboration with John Fogerty, the singer releases his most in-your-face LP ever Paisley's 38-date tour kicks off on May 18th at the Saratoga Performing Arts Center in Saratoga Springs, New York. The North American leg of the tour will focus on arenas, casinos, and outdoor amphitheaters, with a short European jaunt through Sweden and Norway during July. Joining Paisley for the trek will be Dustin Lynch, Chase Bryant, and Lindsay Ell. Bryant and Ell will join Paisley in Canada and Bryant will continue on with him in Europe. Love and War, Paisley's 11th studio album, even takes a page out of Beyoncé's Lemonade playbook by billing itself as a "visual album" with videos to accompany each of its 15 songs. The visual component – Paisley advertises Love and War as "country's first visual album" – was debuted April 28th on Apple Music. The full list of Brad Paisley's Weekend Warrior World Tour dates: May 18 – Saratoga Springs, NY @Saratoga Performing Arts Center May 19 – Philadelphia, PA @ BB&T Pavilion May 20 – Raleigh, NC @ Coastal Credit Union Music Park at Walnut Creek June 16 – Wheatland, CA @ Toyota Amphitheatre June 17 – Mountain View, CA @ Shoreline Amphitheatre June 23 – San Diego, CA @ Mattress Firm Amphitheatre June 24 – Anaheim, CA @ Honda Center June 25 – Phoenix, AZ @ Ak-Chin Pavilion June 29 – Portland, OR @ Sunlight Supply Amphitheater June 30 – Seattle, WA @ White River Amphitheatre July 14 – Albuquerque, NM @ Isleta Amphitheater July 15 – Denver, CO @ Pepsi Center July 24 – Gavle, Sweden @ Furuviksparken July 25 – Stockholm, Sweden @ Grona Lund July 28 – Seljord, Norway @ Countryfestivalen August 3 – Wantagh, NY @ Northwell Health at Jones Beach Theater August 4 – Holmdel, NJ @ P.N.C. Bank Arts Center August 5 – Mansfield, MA @ Xfinity Cente August 6 – Hartford, CT @ Xfinity Theater August 10 – Cincinnati, OH @ Riverbend Music Center August 11 – Indianapolis, IN @ Klipsch Music Center August 12 – Mt. Pleasant, MI @ Soaring Eagle Casino August 13 – Springfield, IL @ Illinois State Fair August 18 – Calgary, AB @ Country Thunder August 19 – Saskatoon, SK @ SaskTel Centre August 20 – Winnipeg, MB @ MTS Centre August 25 – Grand Island, NE @ Nebraska State Fair August 26 – Red Wing, MN @ Treasure Island Casino September 1 – Rogers, AR @ Walmart Amp September 2 – Dallas, TX @ Irving Music Factory September 8 – Charlotte, NC @ PNC Music Pavilion September 9 – Bristow, VA @ Jiffy Lube Live September 10 – Virginia Beach, VA @ Veterans United Home Loans Amphitheater September 15 – West Palm Beach, FL @ Perfect Vodka Amphitheatre September 16 – Tampa, FL @ MIDFLORIDA Credit Union Amphitheatre September 22 – Cleveland, OH @ Blossom Music Center September 23 – Chicago, IL @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre September 24 – St. Louis, MO @ Hollywood Casino Amphitheatre More News See Brad Paisley's Moving Video Tribute to Johnny Cash Hear Brad Paisley, Mick Jagger's Strutting 'Drive of Shame' Review: Brad Paisley's 'Love and War' Is a Defiant Classic Rock Rewind Watch Brad Paisley Sing 4/20 Song Parodies on 'Tonight Show' Hear Brad Paisley's Moving Adaptation of Johnny Cash Poem All Stories Don’t Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive breaking news directly in your inbox. Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. We may use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter and offers that may interest you, on behalf of Rolling Stone and its partners. For more information please read our Privacy Policy How we use your email address RS Country Brad Paisley Plots 2017 Weekend Warrior Tour Watch Jake Owen's Island-Hopping 'Good Company' Video See Luke Bryan, Carrie Underwood's Surprise 'Play It Again' Duet See Maren Morris' Gutting 'I Could Use a Love Song' Video Hear Jade Jackson, Chris Shiflett Talk California Roots, Mike Ness Trending Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time. What is this? Brad Paisley Plots 2017 Weekend Warrior Tour 9.7 Watch Jake Owen's Island-Hopping 'Good... 8.6 See Luke Bryan, Carrie Underwood's Surprise... 8.2 See Maren Morris' Gutting 'I Could Use a Love... 7.1 Hear Jade Jackson, Chris Shiflett Talk... 6.4 Shania Twain, Chris Stapleton Set for 'Today'... 6.0 © Rolling Stone 2017 Digital Edition Subscribe Give a Gift Coverwall Contact Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Terms of Use Customer Service Advertise Sitemap
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 8 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Conservation International Names M. Sanjayan Chief Executive Officer; Jennifer Morris Named President; Sebastian Troëng Named Executive Vice President ARLINGTON, Va., May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — Conservation International (CI) announced a new executive leadership team today, naming conservation scientist M. Sanjayan chief executive officer.  Sanjayan succeeds longtime CEO and co-founder Peter Seligmann, who has led the organization since its founding in 1987 and will remain chairman of CI’s Board. Jennifer Morris, chief operating officer, has been named president and Sebastian Troëng, senior vice president of the Americas Field Division, has been named executive vice president. All positions become effective July 1, 2017. „Today the stakes for the future of our planet and human well-being could not be higher, but I have great faith in passing the torch to a world class leadership team,” said Seligmann on behalf of CI’s Board. „Creating a healthier, more prosperous planet is an urgent task, and requires a diverse team. Sanjayan is a field-tested conservation leader with a remarkable ability to bring people together and inspire action. I have enormous confidence in his vision and his wisdom.” Seligmann continued, „Jennifer Morris and Sebastian Troëng are gifted leaders. Jennifer is a first-rate expert in both conservation finance and conservation delivery and has guided our operations and field programs for close to two decades. Sebastian began in our marine program, led the Moore Center for Oceans and Science and now leads CI’s Americas Division. These are exceptional people and I am grateful that they are taking on expanded roles at CI. This organization has been my life’s work and I’m honored to be able to continue in my role as chairman of the board and to support its bright future.” „It is both a privilege and deeply humbling to step into the role of chief executive officer,” said Sanjayan. „Peter Seligmann’s founding vision, that people need nature to thrive, created a global movement that has helped change the trajectory of our planet. I’m honored to partner with Jennifer Morris, our new president, Sebastian Troëng, our new executive vice president, and all of CI’s talented staff on the journey ahead.” „The board is delighted in this new leadership team, which already has a strong track record of creating solutions to some of today’s most pressing global challenges,” said Rob Walton, chairman of Conservation International’s executive committee. „Each one of these leaders are well-positioned to continue Conservation International’s legacy of delivering on its mission to protect nature for our benefit today and the benefit of generations to come.” „Today’s announcement is the result of a very thoughtful and thorough process and we are delighted with the results,” said Orin Smith, the retired president and CEO of Starbucks and a CI board member who served on the selection committee. „These are incredibly talented individuals who will, together, continue CI’s legacy of designing and executing the kind of innovative and science-based solutions that deliver results for people across the world.” Sanjayan joined CI in 2014 as executive vice president and senior scientist and has led several divisions including Oceans, Science, Development, Brand and Communications and Strategic Priorities. Some of his most high profile work includes pioneering CI’s use of virtual reality filmmaking to raise awareness of global conservation issues. He holds a master’s degree from University of Oregon, a doctorate from University of California, Santa Cruz, and his scientific work has been published in leading peer-reviewed journals including Science, Nature and Conservation Biology. Sanjayan is a visiting researcher at UCLA and distinguished professor of practice at Arizona State University. Raised in South Asia and Africa, Sanjayan’s unique background has attracted widespread media coverage. In 2008, he was profiled in Time magazine (Changing the White Face of the Green Movement.) Profiles in Outside magazine and Afar magazine followed, and his expertise has received coverage from outlets such as Vanity Fair, Men’s Journal and The New York Times, among others. Sanjayan is also a leading science communicator, hosting and cohosting a range of documentaries for PBS, BBC and Discovery including the PBS and BBC live television event Big Blue Live and hosting the PBS series Earth – A New Wild. He is the host of the University of California and Vox Media’s new Climate Lab series and served as a correspondent for Years of Living Dangerously, Showtime’s Emmy-winning series on climate change. Morris, a 20-year veteran of CI and a pioneer in the long-term financing of protected areas, will serve as president. Her extensive field work includes Asia, Africa and Latin America. Morris joined CI fresh out of graduate school and rose through the ranks to lead some of CI’s most lasting and influential investment and business engagement initiatives, including CI’s Center for Environmental Leadership in Business and the Global Conservation Fund, which has helped protect nearly 200 million acres worldwide and brought millions of dollars to conservation and communities around the world. She is one of the conservation movement’s youngest and most prominent female executives and, since 2014, has served as CI’s chief operating officer. Morris holds a bachelor’s in political science from Emory University and a master’s in international affairs with a business development and micro-finance focus from Columbia University’s School of International and Public Affairs. Troëng brings over eight years as member of CI’s senior leadership team, working across the globe on some of the organization’s most high-profile initiatives, including the development of its Ocean Health Index, the first assessment tool that scientifically measures all elements of global ocean health. Proficient in six languages, Troëng is a prolific writer, fundraiser and science communicator specializing in the role of nature in supporting both sustainable development and ensuring human well-being worldwide. His research has been published extensively in leading peer-reviewed journals and in 2010 he was recognized as a „40 Under 40” leader  in international development.   Troëng joined CI in 2006 as a director of regional marine strategies and went on to lead CI’s Betty and Gordon Moore Center for Science and Oceans and, later, CI’s Americas Field Division. He holds a master’s degree in marine environmental protection from the University of Wales and a Doctoral degree in animal zoology from Lund University, Sweden. Seligmann, along with Spencer Beebe, founded CI in 1987 with the that vision conservation must prioritize the economic well-being of local and indigenous communities, and that environmentalism must move from corporate philanthropy to the corporate bottom line. „We did not want to create something new, but we did because we had a fundamentally different view of how to achieve conservation in the world,” writes Seligmann in a post published today on CI’s blog, Human Nature. Seligmann and CI’s former president, Dr. Russell Mittermeier, pioneered new tactics including the first debt-for-nature swap, „biodiversity hot-spot” conservation, shade-grown coffee – all while convincing major corporations like Walmart, HP, Starbucks, Alcoa, HP and others that preserving nature was in their „enlightened self-interest.”  „Our mantra became ‚head in the sky, feet in the mud’ and it still is,” said Seligmann. „Today we are one of the biggest conservation organizations in the world, but we will always be, in spirit, a start-up.” About Conservation International Conservation International (CI) uses science, policy and partnerships to protect the nature people rely on for food, fresh water and livelihoods. Founded in 1987, CI works in more than 30 countries on six continents to ensure a healthy, prosperous planet that supports us all. Learn more about CI and its groundbreaking „Nature Is Speaking” campaign, and follow CI’s work on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/conservation-international-names-m-sanjayan-chief-executive-officer-jennifer-morris-named-president-sebastian-troeng-named-executive-vice-president-300453207.html SOURCE Conservation International Related Links http://www.conservation.org CategoriesUncategorized TagsEnvironmental Issues, Not For Profit, Personnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious High Rise Under Construction Gets New Name And Brand Next PostNext The Overnight Walk to Fight Suicide in San Diego – Press Registration Opens Search Recent Posts BUYINS.NET: CYAD SqueezeTrigger Price is $44.11. There is $101,959 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. Acute Bronchitis Therapeutics Review Report, H1: Therapeutics and Average Enrollment by Country, Sponsor Type, Research Methodology 2017 Acute Bronchitis Therapeutics Review Report, H1: Therapeutics and Average Enrollment by Country, Sponsor Type, Research Methodology 2017 Acute Bronchitis Therapeutics Review Report, H1: Therapeutics and Average Enrollment by Country, Sponsor Type, Research Methodology 2017 United States Thermochromic Glass Market Revenue, Emerging Key Players, Supply-Demand, Investment Feasibility and Forecast 2022 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Conservation International Names M. Sanjayan Chief Executive Officer; Jennifer Morris Named President; Sebastian Troëng Named Executive Vice President Co-Founder Peter Seligmann Remains Chairman of the Board News provided by Conservation International 08 May, 2017, 11:05 ET Share this article ARLINGTON, Va., May 8, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Conservation International (CI) announced a new executive leadership team today, naming conservation scientist M. Sanjayan chief executive officer.  Sanjayan succeeds longtime CEO and co-founder Peter Seligmann, who has led the organization since its founding in 1987 and will remain chairman of CI's Board. Jennifer Morris, chief operating officer, has been named president and Sebastian Troëng, senior vice president of the Americas Field Division, has been named executive vice president. All positions become effective July 1, 2017. "Today the stakes for the future of our planet and human well-being could not be higher, but I have great faith in passing the torch to a world class leadership team," said Seligmann on behalf of CI's Board. "Creating a healthier, more prosperous planet is an urgent task, and requires a diverse team. Sanjayan is a field-tested conservation leader with a remarkable ability to bring people together and inspire action. I have enormous confidence in his vision and his wisdom." Seligmann continued, "Jennifer Morris and Sebastian Troëng are gifted leaders. Jennifer is a first-rate expert in both conservation finance and conservation delivery and has guided our operations and field programs for close to two decades. Sebastian began in our marine program, led the Moore Center for Oceans and Science and now leads CI's Americas Division. These are exceptional people and I am grateful that they are taking on expanded roles at CI. This organization has been my life's work and I'm honored to be able to continue in my role as chairman of the board and to support its bright future." "It is both a privilege and deeply humbling to step into the role of chief executive officer," said Sanjayan. "Peter Seligmann's founding vision, that people need nature to thrive, created a global movement that has helped change the trajectory of our planet. I'm honored to partner with Jennifer Morris, our new president, Sebastian Troëng, our new executive vice president, and all of CI's talented staff on the journey ahead." "The board is delighted in this new leadership team, which already has a strong track record of creating solutions to some of today's most pressing global challenges," said Rob Walton, chairman of Conservation International's executive committee. "Each one of these leaders are well-positioned to continue Conservation International's legacy of delivering on its mission to protect nature for our benefit today and the benefit of generations to come." "Today's announcement is the result of a very thoughtful and thorough process and we are delighted with the results," said Orin Smith, the retired president and CEO of Starbucks and a CI board member who served on the selection committee. "These are incredibly talented individuals who will, together, continue CI's legacy of designing and executing the kind of innovative and science-based solutions that deliver results for people across the world." Sanjayan joined CI in 2014 as executive vice president and senior scientist and has led several divisions including Oceans, Science, Development, Brand and Communications and Strategic Priorities. Some of his most high profile work includes pioneering CI's use of virtual reality filmmaking to raise awareness of global conservation issues. He holds a master's degree from University of Oregon, a doctorate from University of California, Santa Cruz, and his scientific work has been published in leading peer-reviewed journals including Science, Nature and Conservation Biology. Sanjayan is a visiting researcher at UCLA and distinguished professor of practice at Arizona State University. Raised in South Asia and Africa, Sanjayan's unique background has attracted widespread media coverage. In 2008, he was profiled in Time magazine (Changing the White Face of the Green Movement.) Profiles in Outside magazine and Afar magazine followed, and his expertise has received coverage from outlets such as Vanity Fair, Men's Journal and The New York Times, among others. Sanjayan is also a leading science communicator, hosting and cohosting a range of documentaries for PBS, BBC and Discovery including the PBS and BBC live television event Big Blue Live and hosting the PBS series Earth - A New Wild. He is the host of the University of California and Vox Media's new Climate Lab series and served as a correspondent for Years of Living Dangerously, Showtime's Emmy-winning series on climate change. Morris, a 20-year veteran of CI and a pioneer in the long-term financing of protected areas, will serve as president. Her extensive field work includes Asia, Africa and Latin America. Morris joined CI fresh out of graduate school and rose through the ranks to lead some of CI's most lasting and influential investment and business engagement initiatives, including CI's Center for Environmental Leadership in Business and the Global Conservation Fund, which has helped protect nearly 200 million acres worldwide and brought millions of dollars to conservation and communities around the world. She is one of the conservation movement's youngest and most prominent female executives and, since 2014, has served as CI's chief operating officer. Morris holds a bachelor's in political science from Emory University and a master's in international affairs with a business development and micro-finance focus from Columbia University's School of International and Public Affairs. Troëng brings over eight years as member of CI's senior leadership team, working across the globe on some of the organization's most high-profile initiatives, including the development of its Ocean Health Index, the first assessment tool that scientifically measures all elements of global ocean health. Proficient in six languages, Troëng is a prolific writer, fundraiser and science communicator specializing in the role of nature in supporting both sustainable development and ensuring human well-being worldwide. His research has been published extensively in leading peer-reviewed journals and in 2010 he was recognized as a "40 Under 40" leader  in international development.   Troëng joined CI in 2006 as a director of regional marine strategies and went on to lead CI's Betty and Gordon Moore Center for Science and Oceans and, later, CI's Americas Field Division. He holds a master's degree in marine environmental protection from the University of Wales and a Doctoral degree in animal zoology from Lund University, Sweden. Seligmann, along with Spencer Beebe, founded CI in 1987 with the that vision conservation must prioritize the economic well-being of local and indigenous communities, and that environmentalism must move from corporate philanthropy to the corporate bottom line. "We did not want to create something new, but we did because we had a fundamentally different view of how to achieve conservation in the world," writes Seligmann in a post published today on CI's blog, Human Nature. Seligmann and CI's former president, Dr. Russell Mittermeier, pioneered new tactics including the first debt-for-nature swap, "biodiversity hot-spot" conservation, shade-grown coffee – all while convincing major corporations like Walmart, HP, Starbucks, Alcoa, HP and others that preserving nature was in their "enlightened self-interest."  "Our mantra became 'head in the sky, feet in the mud' and it still is," said Seligmann. "Today we are one of the biggest conservation organizations in the world, but we will always be, in spirit, a start-up." About Conservation International Conservation International (CI) uses science, policy and partnerships to protect the nature people rely on for food, fresh water and livelihoods. Founded in 1987, CI works in more than 30 countries on six continents to ensure a healthy, prosperous planet that supports us all. Learn more about CI and its groundbreaking "Nature Is Speaking" campaign, and follow CI's work on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and YouTube. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/conservation-international-names-m-sanjayan-chief-executive-officer-jennifer-morris-named-president-sebastian-troeng-named-executive-vice-president-300453207.html SOURCE Conservation International Related Links http://www.conservation.org My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Conservation International Names M. Sanjayan Chief Executive Officer; Jennifer Morris Named President; Sebastian Troëng Named Executive Vice President News provided by Conservation International 08 May, 2017, 11:05 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Vive La France: Election Out Of The Way, Focus Returns To Earnings And Data JJ Kinahan     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 08, 2017 10:16am   Comments Share: Markets charged up to record or near-record highs Friday ahead of the French election. Now the vote is over, earnings are 80% finished, and the jobs report is out of the way, swinging the focus to quarterly results from retailers and inflation data. For the moment, stocks appeared to have a slightly lower bias, perhaps a sign of some profit taking after the election results came in to the market’s apparent liking. As was the case with Brexit and the U.S. election last year, the ultimate market impact of the French election might take a little time to play out, but a win by the centrist candidate appears to lessen concerns about the euro, which dropped slightly vs. the dollar early Monday. European and Asian stocks were mixed overnight, but the one big story was Japan’s Nikkei, which rose 2.3% to 18-month highs. April trade data from China looked a bit light, however. Economic data perks up tomorrow with the government’s March Job Openings and Labor Turnover Survey (JOLTS), as well as March wholesale inventories. Last Friday’s employment report seemed to ease concerns about recent soft economic numbers, but some big numbers are on tap for later this week including the producer price index (PPI), the consumer price index (CPI), and retail sales. Retailers take the earnings spotlight this week and next (see below). So far, the biggest year-over-year earnings per share gains in Q1 come from financials (19.3%), materials (19%), technology (17.9%), and health care (6.6%). Telecom is the only sector to see earnings fall from a year earlier. Those earnings gains don’t include energy, which is up 647% from steep losses a year ago. There’s concern, however, that weak oil prices this quarter could put energy earnings back under pressure as the months move along. Crude traded slightly lower Monday despite talk that OPEC might extend its production cuts. About 40 more S&P 500 companies report earnings this week, and so far, 67% have beaten Wall Street analysts’ estimates for revenue growth, compared with a five-year average of 53%. Revenues are up 7.6% for the quarter, compared with estimates for 6.9% going into earnings season. These are healthy numbers and signal that despite any soft economic data, the earnings engine seems to be running smoothly and efficiently. The strong jobs report Friday was another positive economic sign. Two Fed speakers took the microphone this morning as St. Louis Fed President James Bullard and Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester discussed the economy and interest rates. It’s a month until the next Fed meeting, and the jobs report helped solidify expectations for a hike by June. Odds now stand at 83%, according to Fed funds futures. The Road Ahead It’s still a ways off, but one economic number to watch early next month is May auto sales. As we’ve discussed, this metric has been a little weak lately after two really strong years. It's proven difficult for the market to keep up the 2015 and 2016 pace, and some economists say demographics might be working against such lofty sales continuing. However, next month’s sales, if weak, would mark five straight months of decline, and that might signal demand has dried up, which is kind of odd considering the average car on the road is over 11 years old. It’s something to keep an eye on. Wondering about Wages In the wake of Friday’s strong April employment report, talking heads on TV turned their attention to wage growth, which was up 0.3%. While that was in line with pre-report estimates from Wall Street analysts, it raised eyebrows in part because even with unemployment at 10-year lows, wages are up just 2.5% over the last year. Economic common wisdom suggests that when joblessness falls to such low levels, wages often rise more quickly because companies have fewer workers to choose from and are forced to “pay up.” In the late 1990s, for instance, when unemployment fell below 4%, wages boomed. That’s not happening now. Even so, it’s not a good idea to get complacent about possible inflation, because most signs do point to a tighter labor market. Earnings Roll On, with Retailers Up Next Earnings are far from over. Tomorrow after the close come quarterly reports from Walt Disney Co (NYSE: DIS) and Priceline Group Inc (NASDAQ: PCLN). DIS had a very successful start to the summer movie season with “Guardians of the Galaxy.” Later in the week brings big retailers including Macy’s Inc (NYSE: M), Kohl’s Corporation (NYSE: KSS), Nordstrom, Inc. (NYSE: JWN), and J C Penney Company Inc (NYSE: JCP). Following these come Target Corporation (NYSE: TGT) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT) next week. It’s always interesting to watch the so-called “brick and mortar” stores to see how they’re coping with stress on retailers from Internet businesses. They’re basically trying to figure out their business model. Retail employment picked up by about 6,000 jobs last month, according to the jobs report, but it’s unclear if that’s a blip after several months of steep declines or the start of a trend. Perhaps executives might provide clues on their calls. Posted-In: JJ KinahanAnalyst Color Earnings Eurozone Commodities Econ #s Federal Reserve Markets © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (DIS + JCP) Earnings Preview: A Look At Consumer Spending With DIS And PCLN Can Anything Distract Disney Investors From ESPN Focus? Dan Nathan's Disney Call Calendar Trade The American Dream In One Minute: 'Shark Tank' Casts A Net For Entrepreneurs In Detroit Bazinga! 'Guardians Of The Galaxy Vol. 2' Debuts Just In Time For Free Comic Book Day Why Netflix Could Be A Top Prospect For Apple View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 VTTI, HZNP: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 NFLX, SSNLF: Tim Cook Explains How Apple Services Is On Track To Be The... 3 FB, TWTR: A Snapshot Of Snap Inc's First Earnings Report 4 P, DGII: 10 Stocks To Watch For May 8, 2017 5 ROST, NVS: Barron's Picks And Pans: Amazo... 6 TXMD, AGN: Will TherapeuticsMD's... 7 F, FTR: Value Or Value Trap?... 1 COH, KATE: Kate Spade Agrees To Deal At A Disappointing Price For Many Investors 2 GOOG, FB: Why Alphabet Shares, At $950, Are Being Called 'An Attract... 3 AMZN: Amazon's Not Slowing Down On Investment Spending, And... 4 KHC, AAL: How This Platform Can Help You Invest Like Warren B... 5 BRK-B, BRK-A: Warren Buffett Tells Value Investors To... 6 HZNP: Horizon Pharma At 2-Year Low After... 7 DIS: Can Anything Distract Disney Inv... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Are You Done Looking For A Stock Market Top? Micron Falls After Downgrade
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Global Alternative Online Payment Methods Report 2017 With Full Market Data for 2016 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 08 May, 2017, 13:15 BST Share this article DUBLIN, May 08, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Alternative Online Payment Methods: Full Year 2016" report to their offering. Despite over half of worldwide online customers using credit cards to make purchases, more than 50% of E-Commerce sales are completed through alternative payment methods. Information cited in the report estimates that the combined share of different alternative payment methods in global E-Commerce sales will rise, leaving the share of bank cards at a decrease. Alternative payment methods are particularly favored over bank cards in emerging markets such as China. Here, E-Wallets like Alipay made up for more than half of online sales. Research within the report also found that in Indonesia and Thailand, online consumers prefer bank transfers, but in Vietnam, this method comes second after cash on delivery. Cash on delivery is also the most favored method from E-Commerce consumers in many select developing markets due to the level of banking penetration being lower than in other advanced economies. In advanced markets such as the USA, Canada, Japan, South Korea, the UK, and Sweden, credit card online payments remain in the lead. Notably, exceptions to this trend are in Germany and the Netherlands where alternative payment methods outrank bank card payments. This key information from the new report reveals that online retailers understand the necessity of providing different payment options to meet different customers' needs in that two-thirds of these E-Commerce merchants provide a minimum of 3 varying payment methods. Key Questions Answered - What are the leading alternative payment methods used by online shoppers worldwide? - How do online payment method preferences vary across 25+ markets in different regions? - How large is the share of alternative payment methods in global E-Commerce predicted to be in 2020? - What are the most important criteria applied by online shoppers when choosing a method to pay? Key Topics Covered: 1. Management Summary 2. Global Developments 3. Asia-Pacific 4. Europe 5. North America 6. Latin America 7. Middle East 8. Africa Companies Mentioned - Airtel Payments Bank Ltd - Alipay.com Co. Ltd. - Amazon.com Inc. - American Express Co. Inc. - Android Inc. - Apple Inc. - Axis Bank Ltd - Bank of America Corp. - Bank of Tokyo - Bic Camera Inc. - BillSAFE GmbH - Braspag Ltda. - Cielo S.A. - CurrentC - Deutsche Telekom AG - Discover Financial Services Inc. - Dotpay S.A. - Family Mart Co. Ltd. - FeliCa Networks Inc. - Flipkart Online Services Pvt. Ltd. - Freecharge Payment Technologies Pvt Ltd - HDFC Bank Ltd - ICICI Bank Ltd - iPag Ltda. - JCB Co. Ltd. - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Ltd. - Klarna AB - Lawson Inc. - MasterCard Inc. - MaxiPago Serviços de Internet S.A. - McDonald's Corp. - Mercedes Corp. - Microsoft Corp. - Mi-Pay Inc. - Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc. - Mundipagg S.A. - Nanaco Co. Ltd. - Oxxo S.A. - PagBrasil Ltda. - PagSeguro Ltda. - PayCash S.A. - Paydirekt GmbH - PayPal Inc. - Paytm Ltd. - PayU S.A. - Prezelewy24 S.A. Rakuten Edy Inc. - Rede S.A. - Samsung Pay Inc. - SBI Inc. - Shopclues.com Ltd. - Snapdeal - Starbucks Corp. - Suica - Target Co. - Tencent Holdings Ltd. - Tenpay Ltd. - Visa Inc. - Wal-Mart Stores - Waon Development Ltd. - Wells Fargo & Co. - Worldpay Inc. - Yodobashi Camera Co. Ltd. For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/4sl6fr/global Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. You just read: Global Alternative Online Payment Methods Report 2017 With Full Market Data for 2016 - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 08 May, 2017, 13:15 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Events Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110+44 (0)20 7454 5110 Log In Sign Up News Products Contact Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Global Online Payment Methods Report 2017: Full Insights on 2016 - Online Payment Fraud Projected to Increase on a Global Scale - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 08 May, 2017, 13:00 BST Share this article DUBLIN, May 08, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Research and Markets has announced the addition of the "Global Online Payment Methods: Full Year 2016" report to their offering. E-Commerce consumers have varying attitudes per region regarding online payment methods. Research in the report reveals the multiplicity of these differences. For example, consumers from the Asia-Pacific and the Americas prefer to make online purchases via credit card, whereas online consumers from other areas have a preference towards alternative payment methods such as digital payment services or cash on delivery. Additionally, another survey conveys that online consumers prefer credit cards as the top payment method when buying cross-border, with online payment services such as E-Wallets coming in second. Third party research cited in the report relays that E-Wallets are the top payment method by share of E-Commerce sales worldwide, whereas credit cards come in second place. E-Wallets presumably outperform credit cards on a global scale due to China, the biggest online retail market in the world, where they account for over 50% of E-Commerce sales. For both online retailers and consumers, payment security is a top concern, even in advanced markets such as the USA and the UK. The report includes estimations that losses due to online payment fraud will increase yearly at double digit rates by 2020. Key Questions Answered - Which payment method is the online shoppers' first choice worldwide? - How large is the contribution of alternative payment methods to global E-Commerce compared to credit cards? - What are online shoppers' preferences regarding payment methods in 30+ countries around the world? - How large is the volume of global mobile payments? - What do digital consumers think about payment security? Key Topics Covered: 1. Management Summary 2. Global Developments 3. Asia-Pacific 4. Europe 5. North America 6. Latin America 7. Middle East 8. Africa Companies Mentioned - 7-Eleven Inc. - Alipay.com Co. Ltd. - Amazon.com Inc. - Android Inc. - Apple Inc. - Axis Bank Ltd - Bank of America Corp. - Bank of Japan - Bic Camera Inc. - BillSAFE GmbH - Cielo S.A. - Braspag Ltda. - Deutsche Telekom AG - Dotpay S.A. - FeliCa Networks Inc. - Flipkart Online Services Pvt. Ltd. - Freecharge Payment Technologies Pvt Ltd - Google Inc. - GMV Innovating Solutions - HDFC Bank Ltd - ICICI Bank Ltd - iPag Ltda. - JCB Co. Ltd. - JPMorgan Chase & Co. Ltd. - Klarna AB - Lawson Inc. - MasterCard Inc. - MaxiPago Serviços de Internet S.A. - McDonald's Corp. - Mercedes Corp. - Microsoft Corp. - Mi-Pay Inc. - Mitsubishi UFJ Financial Group Inc. - Moip Pagamentos S.A. - Mundipagg S.A. - Nanaco - PagBrasil Ltda. - PagSeguro Ltda. - Paydirekt GmbH - PayPal Inc. - Paytm Ltd. - PayU S.A. - Prezelewy 24 S.A. Rakuten Edy Inc. - Rede S.A. - Samsung Pay Inc. - SBI Inc. - Shopclues.com Ltd. - Snapdeal - Starbucks Corp. - Suica - Tenpay Ltd. - Visa Inc. - Wal-Mart Stores - Waon Development Ltd. - Yodobashi Camera Co. Ltd. - Wells Fargo & Co. For more information about this report visit http://www.researchandmarkets.com/research/nw84p6/global_online Media Contact: Laura Wood, Senior Manager press@researchandmarkets.com  For E.S.T Office Hours Call 1-917-300-0470 For U.S./CAN Toll Free Call 1-800-526-8630 For GMT Office Hours Call +353-1-416-8900 U.S. Fax: 646-607-1907 Fax (outside U.S.): +353-1-481-1716   SOURCE Research and Markets Related Links http://www.researchandmarkets.com 08 May, 2017, 13:15 BST Preview: Global Alternative Online Payment Methods Report 2017 With Full Market Data for 2016 - Research and Markets 08 May, 2017, 12:45 BST Preview: 2017 Drug Delivery in Cancer Research Report - 2026 Projections on Technologies, Markets and Companies - Research and Markets My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 00:30 BSTGlobal Sports Medicine (Body Reconstruction, Body Support &... 00:15 BSTUnited States Essential Oil Market Analysis 2014-2017 & 2024:... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Web Site Publishing & Information Services Banking & Financial Services Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Global Online Payment Methods Report 2017: Full Insights on 2016 - Online Payment Fraud Projected to Increase on a Global Scale - Research and Markets News provided by Research and Markets 08 May, 2017, 13:00 BST Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Contact Us +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Contact PR Newswire +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Contact Us Overview Request More Info Become a Partner   Products The Wire Multimedia News Releases Disclosure Services Media Intelligence About About PR Newswire About Cision Partnering Opportunities Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France Germany India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United States My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists My Services All News Releases Customer Portal Resources Blog Journalists +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Europe Limited. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Products Contact News in Focus Browse News Releases All Public Company News View All News Releases All Multimedia News Regulatory News D/A/CH Regulatory News View All Regulatory News France Regulatory News UK Regulatory News Business & Money Auto & Transportation View All Auto & Transportation Aerospace & Defence Airlines & Aviation Air Freight Automotive Haulage & Road Transportation Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads & Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Business Technology View All Business Technology Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing View All Financial Services & Investing Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers & Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC & SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders’ Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business View All General Business Awards Commercial Real Estate Conference Call Announcements Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls & Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology View All Consumer Technology Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Websites Wireless Communications Energy View All Energy Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil & Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environment View All Environment Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing View All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Aerospace & Defence Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation & Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking & Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecommunications View All Telecommunications Carriers & Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunications Equipment Telecommunications Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail View All Consumer Products & Retail Animals & Pets Beers, Wines & Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics & Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture & Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewellery Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertainment & Media View All Entertainment & Media Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film & Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health View All Health Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports View All Sports General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel View All Travel Amusement Parks & Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels & Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest View All Policy & Public Interest Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Economic News, Trends & Analysis Education Environmental European Government Workplace & Union Not For Profit Public Safety People & Culture People & Culture View All People & Culture Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabled Hispanic LGBT Religion Older People Veterans Women Phone +44 (0)20 7454 5110 from 8 AM - 5:30 PM GMT All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Search Reviews iPhone Android How To Reviews iPhone How To Auto About Best Best Weight Loss Apps Best iPhone 7 Cases Best Budget Apps Things Apple Watch Can Do Best Alexa Skills Android Galaxy S7 Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Cases Best Samsung Galaxy S7 Deals Best Galaxy S7 Battery Cases Best Galaxy S7 Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Screen Protectors Best Galaxy S7 Edge Cases Deals Best Android Smartphones Under $200 [2017] Best Cheap Android Smartphones [2017] 18 Best Apps to Make Money in 2017 Josh Smith05/04/2017 These are the best apps to make money in 2017. You can use these Android and iPhone apps to make money on the side while you shop for groceries, run errands and wait in lines. Some of these apps will even help you make money from home. You need to watch out for catches, but there isn’t a catch with these options. When you use one of the best apps to make money you can help pad your wallet, fund your movie watching and even pay for a dinner out. Some of the best apps to make money on the side will pay you in cash, normally via PayPal. Others will offer rewards and points that you can redeem for gift certificates or airline miles. In addition to making money, you should check out the best apps to save money. The best apps to make money on your iPhone or Android. Every money making app on this list does let you earn money, but you will need to earn a minimum before you cash out in many cases. iBotta Pact Google Opinion Rewards eBates Gig Walk Offer Up Mercari Foap Clashot Shopkick Fronto SlideJoy Mobee Task Rabbit Uber Lyft Upwork Indeed We’ve earned over $100 with one of the money making apps, a neighbor earned almost $300 just by working out and with another our family already has $30 in just over a month. With at least half of these options, you will find legitimate ways to make money from home using your smartphone. These quick ways to make money from home won’t completely replace your income, but you can definitely make an impact and help earn money at home. You can use the best budget apps to stretch this additional cash even further. We are on the lookout for any scams that promise you a fast way to use an app to make money, which is why this list is limited. If you go looking further, be on the lookout for any apps that promise too much money too fast or ask you for too much personal information. You can download these money making apps on iPhone and Android for free, without any fees to get started. iBotta - Make Money While You Shop   1 / 14 With iBotta you can make money while you shop. This is especially useful for grocery shopping and you can earn cash or gift cards. After spending just over a month Patty Smith already has $30.10 in rewards. She told Gotta Be Mobile, "Ibotta relieves some of the pain of doing groceries." You can unlock cash rewards by completing some tasks at home and they you can buy the products at a supported store and send a photo of your receipt to the app. There are 241 supported stores including Walmart, Target, Kroger, Publix, Walgreens, CVS and many others. Within 48 hours you'll have the money deposited in your account. You can also link a loyalty account to earn rewards when you shop. Finally, there are options to make money in the app when you make in app purchases through Groupon, Boxed, DoorDash and others. Download iBotta for iPhone and Android today to get started.   1 / 14 26 Responses 01/13/2017 osama Reply I have worked at SwagBucks for 2 months , when I requested my money (aftre many attempts) I get DEACTIVATED ACCOUNT . So I am now using GrabPoints app in my Mobile , I have get many successful deposits in my PayPal account . it is worldwide , trusty and guaranteed app , international works in all countries . Get #free gift cards with #GrabPoints! Start with 500 points with my invite code – ICZVNS. http://pb.grabpoints.com/site/?a=other_share 02/01/2017 James Reply Join Fronto to earn money on your phone. Enter ‘pennycash’ to get 1,250 Points when you sign up. https://app.adjust.com/3rpb8a 02/10/2017 Ajay Kumar Reply I Used Cashpirate app & i got successfull deposits in my account. use the referral code: PYJWUS to get 500 points at signup. Link to the app: http://bit.ly/2kt4le6 02/18/2017 lydia Reply I use this app for 2 day and get $10 payout with paypal, try, and get cash every minute, https://goo.gl/ql7IeI 02/19/2017 ABDO Reply DO YOU KNOW APPLIKE I MAKE WITH THIS APP 25 EURO IN 10 DAYS ITS THE BEST APP FOR THE MOMENT INSTALL APP FROM HERE https://goo.gl/tvJgjy AND YOU WILL BE A FRIEND WITH ME SO YOU WILL EARN 25% FROM MY EARNING AND ME TOO WILL EARN 25% FROM YOUR EARNING FOREVER AFTER REGISTER YOU WILL RICIEVE 4444 COINS AS BONUS 4999 COIN = 0.5 EURO = MIN CASH OUT YOU CAN CASH OUT TODAY 02/23/2017 Maria Reply Hi, I have a blog in case you want to see it: https://dondineritoito.blogspot.com.es/ 02/28/2017 Bentley Reply Swagbucks is my all time favorite, they also have a app. Join now with my link http://www.swagbucks.com/refer/CJBentley86 03/02/2017 Albert Reply This app is the best app to make money from on your phone! just download games and play each one for 2 min. and you get points! you can redeem these points for all types of gift cards, paypal money, etc. download now!- http://featu.re/QKNK8M use my code QKNK8M to get 50 point bonus. 03/04/2017 mvr1018 Reply Hi guys.. Do you want to earn $5/day or more(depends on your effort)..Visit my website for more info, tips and payment proof. Click here: http://www.wowapp-mvr1018.blogspot.com 03/10/2017 Money Squid Reply Hey Guys! Money Squid here. Number 1 is my favorite on the list, if you want to know the top 5 guaranteed money making apps for 2017 check out this top 5 youtube vid https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cXeENkcDdNQ 03/19/2017 rahul Reply Earn using qumee app of chrome read complete guide on http://tricksrefresher.com 03/21/2017 Karan Reply Sri Gangngar 03/22/2017 tapon Reply Many thanks to You that you share with us, has published a great article. I really, really super happy with your work. However, Thank you again for your work will wait for the next great writing. Computer Technology Blog. 03/22/2017 Rahul Yadav Reply Awesome article.I was not aware about money making apps. Learned something fresh. Thanks and expecting a lot in future. 03/24/2017 pranjit Reply ONLINE JOB *PART TIME JOB FOR FACEBOOK AND WHATSAPP EXPERT* Salary:- 10000 to 35000 *No Registration Fees* ∆ *no joining fees* ∆ *goverment registetred company* *MCA : CIN NO:* *U72200MH2016TC269143* *PAN NO:- AABCW7095F* ∆ *100 – 1500 per day* ∆ *no hard work only smart work* ● Install “weone” Google Play Store ●Sign up with weone. ●Enter moblie number & self Security code ●Reffer :- *vi6eg* (website- http://www.weoneinfo.com) **work start 9th April (world wide job) Help Line no./What’s app no. *+ 917399463117* 03/24/2017 pranjit Reply ON LINE JOB *PART TIME JOB FOR FACEBOOK AND WHATSAPP EXPERT* Salary:- 10000 to 35000 *No Registration Fees* ∆ *no joining fees* ∆ *goverment registetred company* *MCA : CIN NO:* *U72200MH2016TC269143* *PAN NO:- AABCW7095F* ∆ *100 – 1500 per day* ∆ *no hard work only smart work* ● Install “weone” Google Play Store ●Sign up with weone. ●Enter moblie number & self Security code ●Reffer :- *vi6eg* (website- http://www.weoneinfo.com) **work start 9th April (world wide job) Help Line no./What’s app no. *+ 918753975712* 03/27/2017 Angel Reply Win cash watching fun quick videos. Download Jinglz: https://bnpo.app.link/1bozA9vyqt?r=lo8h7 03/30/2017 Pavan kumar Reply I am from India please tell me that is their any real money making apps in india to get real apps. 03/30/2017 Pavan kumar Reply I am from India please tell me that is their any real money making apps in india to get real apps. Please reply me soon 03/30/2017 Pavan kumar Reply I am from India please tell me that can i use the others country apps any make money from that and convert that in to India currency. Please reply me as soon as possible. 04/03/2017 Christ Reply Very interesting…But I know there are still a lot more out there… Thanks for the list… 04/10/2017 Brandon Reply If you haven’t checked out SweatCOIN you need to! It’s a new app that pays you just for walking everyday. CRAZY! Go download it here: http://sweatco.in/i/enjoybrandon I’ve already earned a ton with it! 04/20/2017 Mujahid Reply Hey, I know one App which is an AppLock for Android. It pays back to user’s for just locking App’s . It’s an amazing concept, Now why to use the Applocks which doesn’t pay? Lolz Try it I bet you will amazed https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.smartfoxitsolutions.lockup 04/26/2017 example Reply This is my first time pay a visit at here and i am actually happy to read all at single place. 05/02/2017 Zahir Reply https://www.pointsprizes.com/ref/99679 New website to earn money 3000 points = $20 Paypal Legit 100% 05/08/2017 John SausageingSling Reply This app used to ask your opinion 4 to 6 times a day .. the surveys were only 1 to4 question servevy, then Paying your google account immediately… so you legitimately can spend it as fast as you earn…. the days of receiving questions in intervals of 4 to 6 times a days are gone once a week. This app just takes up space on your phone now I’ve had it in my phone and haven’t had a question and over 10 days… literally went from being one of the best apps to the worst app in my opinion Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment Name* Email* Website
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / Local News / CCCTC Holds Recruitment Fair CCCTC Holds Recruitment Fair Posted on Monday, May 8, 2017 by Gant Team in Local News (Provided photo) CLEARFIELD – The Clearfield County Career & Technology Center (CCCTC) held a recruitment fair recently for all graduating seniors and adults. The objective of the fair is to increase employment opportunities for the students and offer wider choice for selection to the recruiters. School officials say it is a great way for employers to find quality employees with the skills they are looking for. The students were able to visit the business and industry stations and the employers had the opportunity to screen potential applicants and present information about their organization.  Participants in the fair were: Allied Mechanical & Electrical, Appalachian Wood Products, Continental Carbonic Products, Holiday Hair, Gasbarre, Glenn O. Hawbaker, JLG Inductried-Oshkosh Corp. Co., Lowe’s, The MEadows/UCBH, Oil State Energy Services, Comfort Keepers, Wal-Mart, Penn Pallet Inc., ACME Machine and Welding, Careerlink, Tafco and Home INstead Senior Care.   Gabler Offers Advice on Fulfillment in Work, Life to Penn State DuBois Grads LHU Nursing Department to Celebrate 25th Anniversary Tagged Clearfield County Career and Technology Center recruitment fair Related Posts Rendell Says Swift Passage of Federal Stimulus Bill Essential to get Economy Moving Public Input Requested through PennDOT, PA Turnpike Commission Traveler Information Survey Clearfield County Developing Farmland Preservation Program Key to Better Health Care May Be a Walk in the Park Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
