skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local Politics I-40 billboard links 9/11 attacks to travel ban Local News Visitors, bystanders warn residents of Raleigh apartment fire Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest is May 26-29 Get more info › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Sponsor Weather Funnel cloud moves through Statesville, NC DUALDoppler5000 Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw NC State NC State's Henderson denied 6th year by NCAA Baseball UNC beats NC State 12-4, advances to ACC semifinals Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business CEO pay by the numbers: How big were last year's raises? Venture/Innovation Durham hologram startup wins Silicon Valley showcase (WTW Insider) Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Disguising voter suppression behind mask of voter ID DRAUGHON DRAWS: Sen. Hise, Food Stamp overseer Editorial: High court's firm ruling paves way for nonpartisan redistricting Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Free Memorial Day offers for Military 2017 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings: Fei Huang, HWY 55 Burgers, Amante 5 On Your Side Firing up your grill this weekend? Loose brush bristles can make a cookout dangerous 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Be a lifeguard: Stay alert to prevent childhood drownings National News Copperhead bites NC boy at his birthday party Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Mom keeps spirits up as balloon volunteer while sailor son serves Out and About Foodie news: Boylan Bridge Brewpub nears reopening Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Out and About Gold star families honored before balloons take flight Out and About Spectators cheer as balloons glow Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › 64° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 64° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather 2 NC counties and 1 VA county are under alert, including Halifax and Northampton counties. Details Published: 2017-05-26 05:00:00 Updated: 2017-05-26 23:16:14 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks Tags: Freebies Posted 5:00 a.m. yesterday Updated 11:16 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18B9M Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Most Memorial Day sales are about saving you money. With Swagbucks, you'll earn money too! Right now, they are offering increased cash back (in the form of SB points) at several of your favorite merchants. If you haven't heard of Swagbucks, when you shop there you get cash back in the form of SB points for every dollar you spend. Then you redeem those points for gift cards to places like Amazon, PayPal, Starbucks, Walmart, Target, and more! Plus, if you've signed up through my links HERE, at some point this month (or do it now), you'll get a $2 (200 SB) bonus added to your account when you spend $25 or more through Swagbucks Shop before the first of June! You can earn SB in all sorts of ways, including discovering deals and trying new products/services, watching videos, taking surveys, or just searching the web! Get your shopping done early AND get points for it! Offers last through Monday, May 29th, 2017. See all the sales and bonus SB points at Swagbucks.com HERE. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. Look below for a bonus sign up code! How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! More On This IMAGE: Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks 1 Swagbucks Memorial Day Sale Swagbucks.com website Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% Become a Durham County Foster Parent Free Credit Score - No Card Required! 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments 2 Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Faye Prosser -WRAL Smart Shopper May 26, 1:47 p.m. ascherer - you are welcome!! QUOTE Report as abuse ascherer May 26, 1:32 p.m. Faye - Thanks QUOTE Report as abuse Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About WRAL Balloon Fest lights up Fuquay-Varina skies Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Winds keep balloons grounded on Day 1 Family Alabama twins post perfect scores on ACT tests Health Team Ex-Texas nurse accused of killing dozens of kids in 1980s Local Politics I-40 billboard links 9/11 attacks to travel ban National News Copperhead bites NC boy at his birthday party Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Iraq war veteran, service dog forced to leave Illinois store Out and About WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest National News Texas man catches 13-pound bullfrog 5 On Your Side Best gas grills: Add some sizzle to your summer barbecue Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Food This map shows the most popular food in every state Business CEO pay by the numbers: How big were last year's raises? Green Guide Outer Banks beach named among best in US, ranking says Weather Look up: International Space Station more visible through Saturday Go Ask Mom Open, closed: Memorial Day weekend hours for family-friendly destinations High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Out and About Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Out and About Pirates of the Caribbean: Please let this be the last one Lifestyles Which way do you face in the shower? Go Ask Mom Summer Movies! Check our database for free, cheap series Local Politics I-40 billboard links 9/11 attacks to travel ban Political News New 'Blue Lives Matter' laws raise concerns among activists Local News Durham officials, merchants look to end 'NASCAR speedway' around downtown Entertainment Ariana Grande planning benefit concert in Manchester National News Texas man catches 13-pound bullfrog SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? SmartShopper Avocado Toast: My new favorite recipe SmartShopper Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks Out and About Plan to park and walk to WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest @NCCapitol Cooper again challenges lawmakers over appointment powers SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About WRAL Balloon Fest lights up Fuquay-Varina skies Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Winds keep balloons grounded on Day 1 Family Alabama twins post perfect scores on ACT tests Health Team Ex-Texas nurse accused of killing dozens of kids in 1980s Local Politics I-40 billboard links 9/11 attacks to travel ban National News Copperhead bites NC boy at his birthday party Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Iraq war veteran, service dog forced to leave Illinois store Out and About WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest National News Texas man catches 13-pound bullfrog 5 On Your Side Best gas grills: Add some sizzle to your summer barbecue Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Food This map shows the most popular food in every state Business CEO pay by the numbers: How big were last year's raises? Green Guide Outer Banks beach named among best in US, ranking says Weather Look up: International Space Station more visible through Saturday Go Ask Mom Open, closed: Memorial Day weekend hours for family-friendly destinations High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Out and About Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Out and About Pirates of the Caribbean: Please let this be the last one Lifestyles Which way do you face in the shower? Go Ask Mom Summer Movies! Check our database for free, cheap series Local Politics I-40 billboard links 9/11 attacks to travel ban Political News New 'Blue Lives Matter' laws raise concerns among activists Local News Durham officials, merchants look to end 'NASCAR speedway' around downtown Entertainment Ariana Grande planning benefit concert in Manchester National News Texas man catches 13-pound bullfrog SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? SmartShopper Avocado Toast: My new favorite recipe SmartShopper Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks Out and About Plan to park and walk to WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest @NCCapitol Cooper again challenges lawmakers over appointment powers WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Close Navigation Home Topics What's On? Weather   -   Interactive Radar   -   Road Conditions   -   Ski Report   -   SkyCams   -   Weather Kids   -   Weather Photos   -   Severe Weather Awareness Week Sports   -   Big Buck   -   Big Fish   -   Fish & Game Forecast   -   Golf Classic   -   Hello, My Name Is   -   Hilight Zone   -   Local Scores   -   National Scores   -   UPick’Em Birthday Club Station   -   Contact Us   -   Jobs at WSAW   -   Order a Copy of a Story or Newscast That Aired on NewsChannel 7   -   Sales   -   Triple 7 Productions 7 Investigates   -   Submit a News Tip Recalls Community   -   Birthday Club   -   Gas Prices   -   Obituaries Honor Flight Subscribe   -   E-News   -   Push Alerts Livestream 2 Closings Fox Wausau MomsEveryday Local X Submit Photos and Videos Features Buddy Check 7 Pet Project Share Your Holidays Your Town Marshfield Your Town Wisconsin Rapids Your Town Merrill Close Navigation Topics Close Navigation Back Agriculture AP College Consumer Crime Education Entertainment Environment Health High School International Local National Pin It In A Minute Politics Safety Sports State Station Sunrise 7 Weather Weather Videos 56°F Clear 68° 50° Wausau, WI Toggle navigation Clear 56°F News Weather Sports Community What's On? Home Local Article Medford Walmart reopens after bomb threat By WSAW Staff |  Posted: Fri 7:52 PM, May 26, 2017  |  Updated: Fri 7:53 PM, May 26, 2017 MEDFORD, Wis. (WSAW) -- The Medford Walmart reopened late Friday afternoon after a bomb threat earlier in the day. According to the Medford Police Department’s Facebook page, the Taylor County Dispatch Center received a 911 call at 2:56 p.m. reporting that they had received a bomb threat at their store. An employee of Walmart reported that they received a phone call from an unknown male that they overheard a conversation earlier in the day at a Medford business, and that a bomb was planted by the lake by Walmart in Medford. Law enforcement and fire personnel were dispatched to the scene and the store was evacuated. Both the interior and exterior of the building were searched and nothing suspicious was found. Through the initial investigation it was determined that there was no credible threat and the store was turned back over to management. The Medford Police Department is continuing to investigate the incident. Minocqua businesses get ready for crowds Medford Walmart reopens after bomb threat 6 students graduate from Project Search Gov. Walker explains drug test requirement D.C. Everest students hold all inclusive fishing event Consumer Reports: Don't have an unnecessary c-section Consumer Reports: best gas grills for your summer cook out Minocqua businesses get ready for crowds Medford Walmart reopens after bomb threat 6 students graduate from Project Search Gov. Walker explains drug test requirement D.C. Everest students hold all inclusive fishing event   News Weather Interactive Radar Road Conditions Ski Report SkyCams Weather Kids Weather Photos Severe Weather Awareness Week Sports Big Buck Big Fish Fish & Game Forecast Golf Classic Hello, My Name Is Hilight Zone Local Scores National Scores UPick’Em Birthday Club Station Contact Us Jobs at WSAW Order a Copy of a Story or Newscast That Aired on NewsChannel 7 Sales Triple 7 Productions 7 Investigates Submit a News Tip Terms of Use Privacy Policy/YOUR CALIFORNIA PRIVACY RIGHTS Advertising EEO Statement Public Inspection File Copyright © 2002-2017 - Designed by Gray Digital Media - Powered by Clickability wsaw.com/a?a=424696724 × Online Public Information File Click Here to access the online Public Inspection File Viewers with disabilities can get assistance accessing this station's FCC Public Inspection File by contacting the station with the information listed below. Questions or concerns relating to the accessibility of the FCC's online public file system should be directed to the FCC at 888-225-5322, 888-835-5322 (TTY), or fccinfo@fcc.gov. Public File Liaison: Jane Ploeger jane.ploeger@wsaw.com Station Contact Info: WSAW-TV 1114 Grand Ave. Wausau, WI 54403 Close
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News John T. Chambers Sells 295,537 Shares of Cisco Systems, Inc. (CSCO) Stock Insider Selling: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Major Shareholder Sells 2,476,374 Shares of Stock Cornerstone Capital Management Holdings LLC. Purchases 486,441 Shares of New York Community Bancorp, Inc. (NYCB) Cornerstone Capital Management Holdings LLC. Lowers Stake in HMS Holdings Corp (HMSY) Quality Systems, Inc. (QSII) Shares Sold by Cornerstone Capital Management Holdings LLC. GlaxoSmithKline plc (GSK) Receives $45.67 Average PT from Brokerages Stratasys, Ltd. (SSYS) Receives $24.46 Average Price Target from Brokerages Neuberger Berman Group LLC Raises Stake in First Hawaiian Inc (FHB) Neuberger Berman Group LLC Decreases Stake in Blackstone Mortgage Trust Inc (BXMT) MedEquities Realty Trust Inc (MRT) Receives $12.67 Consensus Price Target from Analysts Zynga Inc (ZNGA) Director Sells $4,313,305.50 in Stock Regeneron Pharmaceuticals Inc (REGN) Chairman Sells $4,258,411.30 in Stock Tableau Software Inc (DATA) CFO Sells $2,300,400.00 in Stock General Cable Co. (BGC) Shares Bought by Cornerstone Capital Management Holdings LLC. Dynamic Technology Lab Private Ltd Acquires Shares of 28,359 Leucadia National Corp. (LUK) WFG Advisors LP Purchases New Position in Snap Inc (SNAP) WFG Advisors LP Reduces Position in Teradyne, Inc. (TER) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Reduces Stake in Finisar Co. (FNSR) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Boosts Position in Telephone & Data Systems, Inc. (TDS) Vident Investment Advisory LLC Has $2.173 Million Position in Commercial Metals Company (CMC) Insider Selling: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Major Shareholder Sells 2,476,374 Shares of Stock May 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Jeff Wilder Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 2,476,374 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, May 25th. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.32, for a total value of $193,949,611.68. Following the sale, the insider now directly owns 6,748,580 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $528,548,785.60. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available through the SEC website. Large shareholders that own 10% or more of a company’s stock are required to disclose their transactions with the SEC. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) traded down 0.23% during mid-day trading on Friday, reaching $78.13. The company’s stock had a trading volume of 6,125,781 shares. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12-month low of $65.28 and a 12-month high of $79.44. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $75.47 and a 200-day moving average price of $71.14. The firm has a market cap of $237.12 billion, a PE ratio of 17.74 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last released its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. The firm had revenue of $116.53 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $117.01 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company’s revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the prior year, the firm earned $0.98 EPS. On average, equities research analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 earnings per share for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY NOTICE: “Insider Selling: Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Major Shareholder Sells 2,476,374 Shares of Stock” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was stolen and republished in violation of U.S. and international copyright laws. The original version of this news story can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/26/insider-selling-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-major-shareholder-sells-2476374-shares-of-stock.html. Several equities research analysts recently commented on WMT shares. TheStreet raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “c+” rating to a “b-” rating in a research note on Thursday, February 23rd. Bank of America Corp raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “neutral” rating to a “buy” rating and raised their target price for the stock from $76.00 to $88.00 in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Vetr raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.31 target price for the company in a research note on Monday, March 27th. Jefferies Group LLC reaffirmed a “buy” rating and set a $86.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, April 7th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $84.00 target price for the company in a research note on Tuesday, April 25th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have given a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $78.15. Large investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Fred Alger Management Inc. raised its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 2.1% in the fourth quarter. Fred Alger Management Inc. now owns 29,172 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,016,000 after buying an additional 599 shares during the last quarter. Payden & Rygel raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 12.1% in the third quarter. Payden & Rygel now owns 141,520 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $10,206,000 after buying an additional 15,300 shares during the last quarter. Sigma Planning Corp raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 7.4% in the third quarter. Sigma Planning Corp now owns 28,148 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $2,030,000 after buying an additional 1,950 shares during the last quarter. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 41.3% in the third quarter. Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL now owns 878,000 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $63,321,000 after buying an additional 256,600 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Teachers Advisors LLC raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.1% in the fourth quarter. Teachers Advisors LLC now owns 3,251,918 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $224,773,000 after buying an additional 35,845 shares during the last quarter. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Travel Ban Dealt Another Blow by Appeals Court President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
    Home | About | Archives | Sponsorship | Contact Us | Submit / Suggest       The world’s largest retailer today announced its statewide growth and investment plans for the state of Florida, which will result in an economic impact well over $450 million. The plan will expand the company’s more than 375 facility footprint in Florida and build on the continued positive momentum in U.S. sales, customer traffic and customer feedback noted in the company’s most recent earnings report.      Walmart Announces $450M In 2017-2018 Investments Throughout Florida by Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Posted: Friday, May 26, 2017 at 3:36PM EDT ORLANDO, Fla. -- The world’s largest retailer today announced its statewide growth and investment plans for the state of Florida, which will result in an economic impact well over $450 million. The plan will expand the company’s more than 375 facility footprint in Florida and build on the continued positive momentum in U.S. sales, customer traffic and customer feedback noted in the company’s most recent earnings report. 2017-2018 Florida Investments The positive business climate in Florida has enabled Walmart to create thousands of local jobs, invest millions in infrastructure and test innovative ways to serve its customers. In an effort to continue its growth and investment in the Sunshine State, Walmart has finalized, or is planning, the following investments across Florida this fiscal year. (Feb. 1, 2017 through Jan. 31, 2018): Open nine new stores across the state, creating more than 800 jobs statewide. Execute a multi-million-dollar capital investment plan by remodeling more than 40 locations across the state. In the coming months, the company will announce the official grand opening of its 150-acre eCommerce Distribution Center campus in Davenport, which has recently been certified as fully operational. Details Currently employing more than 550 recently hired associates with plans to hire at least 1,000 more over the next year. Approximate investment of more than $300 million with two buildings spanning more than 2.2 million sq. ft. The company, today, is also confirming its plans to break ground later this year on a new Distribution Center for perishable goods in the City of Cocoa. Details The company plans to employ more than 450 associates once fully operational. The company is planning an investment of more than $145 million on the 640,000 sq. ft. facility. “This year has been an exciting one for Walmart in Florida, and we’ll build on that momentum as we continue to focus on how to better serve our customers through innovation and investments so they can save both time and money,” said Elise Vasquez-Warner, Walmart’s Vice President and Regional General Manager in North Florida. “We’ve had a sharp focus on making our store experience second to none and our customers are telling us that our plan is working. Our team is energized and we’re looking forward to exceeding our customer’s expectations for what a great Walmart shopping experience can be like.” Walmart’s 2017-2018 investment plans build on Walmart’s growth last year in Florida, which included: Hiring more than 3,225 Floridians by opening more than 20 stores/clubs across the state. Investing millions of dollars in more than 30 store remodels across the state. The expansion of its Online Grocery Pickup service to 70 stores and the launch of Walmart Pay statewide. Opening a state-of-the-art Supercenter in Lake Nona with some of the newest shopping innovations in retail. The store showcases new approaches to technologies, services, products and store layout, which will be tested with customers and evaluated for potential implementation in other locations across the country. The following illustrates Walmart’s local impact on key issues in the Global Responsibility Report: Opportunity: Associate Training, Education and Wages Walmart is addressing barriers that can impede career advancement for associates. In FY2017, Walmart completed a $2.7 billion investment in U.S. associates that included increases in training, education and higher wages. FY17 achievements in Florida included: Opening two Walmart Academies in Florida in FY17 -- while training more than 3,300 Walmart associates through the six Academies open to date. (Hudson, Melbourne, Mulberry, Naples, Navarre and Palatka) Awarding a total of more than $52 million in quarterly bonuses to Florida associates in FY17. Continuing its commitment to hire military veterans for a total of more than 9,700 veterans hired in Florida since launching the Walmart Veterans Welcome Home Commitment in May 2013. Community: Making a Difference & Giving Back In FY17, Walmart and the Walmart Foundation invested more than $1.4 billion in communities worldwide, including more than $82 million in cash and in-kind contributions to non-profits throughout Florida. Fighting Hunger As the nation’s largest grocer, Walmart is uniquely positioned to support organizations that are on the front lines in the fight against hunger. In addition to donating more than 45 million pounds of food to local Florida food banks – equivalent to more than 37.5 million meals – Walmart and the Walmart Foundation donated more than $50 million toward hunger relief efforts across Florida in FY17, including more than $700,000 for after school and breakfast in the classroom programs. Walmart also engages customers across the country in making an impact on hunger in their local communities. In the U.S., Walmart stores and Sam’s Club locations teamed up with customers and participating suppliers to support Feeding America through the “Fight Hunger. Spark Change.” campaign, raising more than $17 million in funds in FY17, including funds for the following Florida Feeding America affiliate food banks: All Faiths Food Bank, Sarasota America’s Second Harvest of the Big Bend, Inc., Tallahassee Feeding America Tampa Bay, Tampa Feeding Northeast Florida, Jacksonville Feeding South Florida, Pembroke Park Harry Chapin Food Bank of Southwest Florida, Fort Myers Second Harvest Food Bank of Central Florida, Orlando Treasure Coast Food Bank, Fort Pierce Associate Volunteering Walmart associates are deeply engaged in their communities and in FY17, associates overall volunteered more than 1.2 million hours generating more than $12 million in Walmart donations, including more than 74,000 hours with local non-profits and charitable causes in Florida, marking another way in which the company supports and impacts the local communities it serves. About Walmart in Florida Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online and through their mobile devices. In Florida, we serve customers at 375 retail units and online through Walmart Grocery Pickup, Walmart.com and Jet.com. We are proud to employ more than 108,000 associates in Florida. Learn more at the Walmart Today blog, and on our Facebook, Twitter, Pinterest, and Instagram channels. Walmart opened its first store in Florida in 1982. Source: Wal-Mart Stores, Inc.  Print Article Send Article Respond Permalink Share Article   del.icio.us   Facebook   Newsvine   LinkedIn   Reddit   StumbleUpon   Twitter Bakery  Dairy  Deli  Floral   Meat & Poultry  Produce  Seafood  Retail & Foodsvc             Got News? Send your latest press releases and announcements to RetailPR@PerishableNews.com © 2017 Phoenix Media Network Inc., All Rights Reserved
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 E3 Memorial Day Deals     Nintendo Switch Availability Report For May 26 Posted: May 26 2017, 2:33pm CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     The latest Nintendo Switch stock tracking report for online and in store availability on Friday, May 26th. On Friday, May 26, the GameStop Nintendo Switch bundle priced at $398.99 is the cheapest option to buy a Switch console online. The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con bundled with Mario Kart 8 Deluxe physical game and accessories ships within 24 hours from gamestop.com. Don't Miss: Find Rare Products in Stock Online with The Tracker ToysRUs is selling a Nintendo Switch bundle including three games and accessories for $499.99 online. The GameStop and the ToysRUs bundle are the only way to buy a Nintendo Switch online today so far.  Walmart is expected to sell again the Nintendo Switch online in a bundle starting at $378.76 online at 5pm ET. There are though big problems with this sale. Our Nintendo Switch order from last Friday got put on backorder days after the order was placed. To find Nintendo Switch in stock online, shoppers can use our new The Tracker app, available as free download for iOS and Android. Further below this report features the latest on the in-store availability of the Nintendo Switch. This week two new Switch games are released with Disgaea 5 Complete and Ultra Street Fighter II: The Final Challengers Nintendo believes the Nintendo Switch will be as big as the extremely successful Nintendo Wii. Looking at the current shortage, the Japanese video game maker has a long road ahead of them to ship 101 million Nintendo Switch consoles. The positive reception and praise of the Nintendo Switch fuel the demand for the mobile and home console hybrid. Nintendo is also busy marketing the Nintendo Switch with hands-on events and at the E3 2017. Find below the latest Nintendo Switch online availability updates and stock tracking updates for stores. Nintendo Switch Stock at Online Stores GameStop is offering one Nintendo Switch bundle for under $400. Yesterday the retailer still had two bundles available for under $400. The Zelda bundle sold out GameStop also runs a big video game accessories sale, including discounts of 20% on select Switch accessories. ToysRUs sells a $499.99 Nintendo Switch bundle online on toysrus.com. Amazon restocked the Nintendo Switch on Wednesday last week. Only Prime members got access to the Nintendo Switch stock. When the next Switch sale on Amazon takes place is not known. Use our new Tracker app to get notified when the Switch is in stock at Amazon. Last Friday at 5:01pm ET, Walmart is sold again the Nintendo Switch online at walmart.com. This was the 7th time Walmart sold the Nintendo Switch on Fridays.  The Switch will be available as a custom bundle. Through the Walmart app the $299 Switch consoles have been available too. To get an notification when Walmart is again selling the Nintendo Switch online next week try our new Tracker app. The Switch is extremely hard to score on Friday at walmart.com. A lot of successful orders got cancelled afterwards as Walmart sold more than they had available. It is a head-scratcher why Walmart's shopping platform is not able to keep sales and stock in sync. At this point no online retailer is selling the $299.99 Nintendo Switch consoles. The Nintendo Switch will continue to be hard to find for the foreseeable future. Nintendo plans to ship 10 million consoles world-wide in the time from April 2017 to April 2018. From the launch on Mach 3 to April 27, the Mario company sold 2.74 million Switch consoles. Online stores restocked the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con in time for the launch of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe on April 28. Since then the Switch console was out of stock online, besides the TRU bundle offer, according to data from The Tracker. The Nintendo Switch reseller markups keep steady and range today between $88 to $110 for the Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and $95 to $130 for the Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con on amazon.com. The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con is more rare than the console with Gray controllers, resulting in considerable higher market value. Overall the Nintendo Switch market prices have risen slightly. To find Nintendo Switch in stock online, shoppers can use our new The Tracker app, available as free download for iOS and Android.  There are also several new accessories coming on the market from Nintendo in the next weeks. See the full list of new Nintendo Switch accessories. When is Nintendo Switch in stock online again? Nintendo is ramping up the production for the Nintendo Switch, but has not disclosed what the current production capacity per month is. The demand for the Nintendo Switch will spike during the Holiday Shopping season 2017. Nintendo will set aside a large part of the Switch production during the next months for November and December. This stock piling will keep the Nintendo Switch in short supply during the next 5 months. As Nintendo coordinated new Switch console shipment with the launch of Mario Kart 8, we expect the company to do the same for the next major Switch game launches. This means the next big wave of new Switch consoles comes in mid-June for the release of ARMS. The Nintendo Switch will likely be offered in special bundles in time for the Holidays. A Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Switch bundle has already surfaced in Russia. Because of the incredible demand for the Switch console, the monetary savings on these bundles will be limited. Usually bundles offer a way for consumers to get a free game. Nintendo can afford to just offer some savings, unless the demand is slowing down. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. How to find a Nintendo Switch in Stock Online We developed the The Tracker app to make finding stock of rare products online as easy and stress free as possible. Download the free app for Apple iPhone or Android phones. From the list products you select to be notified for the Switch with Grey Joy-Con and/or Neon Joy-Con. That is it. It is set and forget. At the moment we detect the Nintendo Switch console in stock at major online retailers, you receive a notification on your smartphone. Now you are just a tap away from buying a Nintendo Switch. You can also see the current availability of the Nintendo Switch consoles in the web version of The Tracker: Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con, Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con. Nintendo Switch in Stock at Stores Best Buy stores had the Nintendo Switch in stock this morning. We prepared our readers for this Switch event before it was official. The Nintendo Switch is also available in 611 Walmart stores, 203 Target stores, 44 GameStop locations according to the Nintendo Switch inventory tracker iStockNow (11:30am ET).  The number of stores stocking the Switch has dropped considerably again. The Nintendo flagship store in New York said on April 28 in a tweet to have the Nintendo Switch in stock each morning. People in New York or visitors can give this purchase option a try. Social media posts from people who visited the flagship store confirm the availability of the Switch at the Nintendo store in New York. Some even report that they saw the Switch still on the shelves late afternoon.  This week two new Switch games are released. The big upcoming Switch games are Arms on June 16 and Splatoon 2 on July 21. Amazon offers pre-order discounts on both of the titles for Prime members to the tune of 20%. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. Updated: 2017-05-26 11:55:44pm Offers Nintendo Switch Neon Joy-Con Mario Kart Race and Charge Bundle Store: Gamestop Price: $0 Availability: Browse all current Offers This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Samsung To Fix Switch Connectivity Problem 11 hours ago, 12:49pm CDT Win a Samsung Galaxy S8 From Sprint by Twin Photo With Your Pet 12 hours ago, 11:55am CDT Walmart Memorial Day 2017 Sale To Deliver Best Deals 13 hours ago, 10:07am CDT Friday's Nintendo Switch Online Orders at Walmart Get Put on Backorder 14 hours ago, 9:47am CDT NASA to Visit Giant Metal Asteroid Psyche in 2022 1 hour ago The Biggest Trend in Porn? Fidget Spinners 9 hours ago, 2:56pm CDT EA's FIFA on the Nintendo Switch will Debut at E3 2017 15 hours ago, 8:56am CDT New Nintendo Switch Games Ready for Download 16 hours ago, 7:45am CDT Pokémon Game Magikarp Jump Now Available for iPhone and iPad 16 hours ago, 7:38am CDT Nintendo Switch Drives GameStop's Q1 Sales to New High 16 hours ago, 7:29am CDT E3 2017: Beyond Good & Evil 2 is Not Coming 16 hours ago, 7:29am CDT Microsoft Rebrands Beam to Mixer Game Streaming Service 16 hours ago, 7:24am CDT Jaguar XE SV Project 8 is Brand’s Most Powerful Road Car 16 hours ago, 7:14am CDT iPhone 8 Will Have Touch ID Directly on the OLED Screen 17 hours ago, 7:02am CDT iPhone 8 Keynote and Release Date Revealed 17 hours ago, 6:09am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News $398.99 Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Mario Kart Bundle Ships Now from GameStop Amazon Prime Day 2017 Video Game Deals Driven by Nintendo Switch Success   Best Memorial Day 2017 Sales and Deals Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Technology News Samsung To Fix Switch Connectivity Problem 11 hours ago, 12:49pm CDT Win a Samsung Galaxy S8 From Sprint by Twin Photo With Your Pet 12 hours ago, 11:55am CDT Walmart Memorial Day 2017 Sale To Deliver Best Deals 13 hours ago, 10:07am CDT Friday's Nintendo Switch Online Orders at Walmart Get Put on Backorder 14 hours ago, 9:47am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News NASA to Visit Giant Metal Asteroid Psyche in 2022 1 hour ago The Biggest Trend in Porn? Fidget Spinners 9 hours ago, 2:56pm CDT Samsung To Fix Switch Connectivity Problem 11 hours ago, 12:49pm CDT Win a Samsung Galaxy S8 From Sprint by Twin Photo With Your Pet 12 hours ago, 11:55am CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Reuters - Video Edition: US | UK | IN | CN | JP Editors' Picks Entertainment Technology Business Breakingviews World Davos More Videos video Business Playing Now Breakingviews TV: Blackstone's rocky roads - 03:49 G7 summit braces for clash on trade, climate - 01:51 Despite Trump, US travel companies bet on Cuba - 01:55 U.S. grows at tepid 1.2 pct - 01:09 Sterling hit as May's poll lead shrinks - 01:53 Oil down despite OPEC deal - 01:25 Japan: better data, false dawn? - 01:20 Take some profit now, choppy markets ahead, says Steve Wood - 05:58 Amazon returns to the scene of the crime: opening a NYC bookstore - 02:14 Defense, infrastructure stocks will gain from Trump's budget says Adam Abelson - 05:42 Banks, techs attracting insider interest, says Catalyst's Miller - 05:17 Slow times fuel "stunt foods" Friday, May 26, 2017 - 02:02 From Wal-Mart to PepsiCo, companies are churning out foods with unusual tastes or ingredients weeks after Starbuck's ''Unicorn Frappucino'' sparked a sensation. Fred Katayama reports. ▲ Hide Transcript ▶ View Transcript Just when you thought you'd gotten over Starbuck's sensation, the Unicorn Frappuccino, two more products are vying to quench your appetite for bizarre fare. This week, PepsiCo put Pepsi Fire on store shelves. The cola delivers a cinnamon kick. Think mild Fireball. Just weeks earlier, Wal-Mart unrolled the Crotilla - a buttery mashup of a croissant and tortilla. Unlike croissants, you can easily slice them to make sandwiches or eat them for dessert. Such so-called "stunt foods" combine strange ingredients or feature unusual tastes, and they're typically available for a limited time. Feeding the craze: slow times for restaurants and consumer product makers. David Henkes of food research firm Technomic: SOUNDBITE: DAVID HENKES, SENIOR PRINCIPAL, TECHNOMIC, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "I think it works in the short term, right? If you look at what Taco Bell or what Starbucks does, these are typically limited time offers. So there's a little bit of a scarcity built into it that appeals to consumers and drives them into a restaurant, drives them to buy that product, and then it disappears." Henkes notes Taco Bell's 6 percent sales growth last year outpaced its peers. Its food lab has dished up oddities like tacos using fried chicken as shells or even Doritos chips. On Thursday, the chain said it plan to grow global sales to $15 billion in five years. Like many others, Wal-Mart hopes Millennials will think 'eureka' when they try the Crotilla. Spokesperson Michelle Malashock: SOUNDBITE: MICHELLE MALASHOCK, SPOKESPERSON, WAL-MART STORES, (ENGLISH) SAYING: "We do know that Millennials enjoy a good mashup every now and then. So from a marketing perspective, we definitely thought about putting these in our stores. We know we have a high concentration of Millennial shoppers. We do know from research and experience that Millennials love to experience food, and for them, food is an event." Wal-Mart won't release any sales numbers. More than 800 stores bake the Crotilla daily, and Wal-Mart aims to roll it out to a few hundred more in the coming months. Press CTRL+C (Windows), CMD+C (Mac), or long-press the URL below on your mobile device to copy the code http://reut.rs/2qsmdrE <iframe class="reuters-vidembed" width="700" height="394" src="http://www.reuters.com/assets/iframe/yovideo?videoId=371761113" allowfullscreen></iframe> Close Slow times fuel "stunt foods" Friday, May 26, 2017 - 02:02 Top News » U.S. takes "full responsibility" for... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:07) Who's on team Trump as G7 meet Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:59) EXCLUSIVE: Kim Jong Un's 'rocket stars' Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:29) EXCLUSIVE: Kim Jong Un's 'rocket stars' Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (2:12) Cast and crew of new 'Pirates' discuss Johnny... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:58) Baseball for the blind leads off in Cuba Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (2:01) 'Body slam' candidate wins Montana race Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:53) Appeals court refuses to reinstate Trump's... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:13) Trump shoves fellow NATO leader aside on his... Thu, 25 May, 2017 - (0:49) Zuckerberg talks 'purpose' to Harvard grads Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:33) Largest display of hominin fossils opens Thu, 25 May, 2017 - (1:30) Breakingviews TV: GOP fails health checkup Thu, 25 May, 2017 - (3:46) Rough Cuts » Lima celebrates Peruvian Clown Day 1:25am IST - (1:34) Stone-lifting strongmen compete in Bavaria 12:42am IST - (1:12) U.S. takes "full responsibility" for... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:07) Hollywood stars join charity cause in France... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:43) G7 leaders meet in Sicily ahead of talks Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:00) Juncker says Trump was not aggressive on... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:07) Cast and crew of new 'Pirates' discuss Johnny... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:58) Zuckerberg talks 'purpose' to Harvard grads Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:33) 'People of Montana' should decide on... Thu, 25 May, 2017 - (1:21) Trump shoves fellow NATO leader aside on his... Thu, 25 May, 2017 - (0:49) Manchester victim met Ariana Grande, now has... Thu, 25 May, 2017 - (1:18) Trump urges NATO members to 'pay fair share' Thu, 25 May, 2017 - (1:17) Technology » Britain's "Iron Man" breaks his own jet-suit... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (2:05) Brazilian doctors use fish skin to treat burn... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:00) Neuroscientists predict 'brain age' Thu, 25 May, 2017 - (1:47) Google's AI AlphaGo bests its second Go... Thu, 25 May, 2017 - (2:05) Facebook signs BuzzFeed, Vox for original... Thu, 25 May, 2017 - (2:02) Wearable device to straighten out slouches Wed, 24 May, 2017 - (1:29) Drone-kite hybrid keeps UAVs on a tight leash Wed, 24 May, 2017 - (2:06) ISS emergency spacewalk underway Tue, 23 May, 2017 - (1:00) Headset helps the legally blind see nearly... Tue, 23 May, 2017 - (3:55) Plastic-eating larvae could help reduce... Mon, 22 May, 2017 - (2:08) IoT tech bid to extend pensioners' lives Mon, 22 May, 2017 - (1:48) WannaCry attack good business for cyber... Sat, 20 May, 2017 - (2:32) Oddly Enough » Lima celebrates Peruvian Clown Day 1:25am IST - (1:34) Stone-lifting strongmen compete in Bavaria 12:42am IST - (1:12) Pastry chef paints cookies in Trump's likeness Sat, 20 May, 2017 - (2:04) Hopes rise for safe birth by Japan's probably... Sat, 20 May, 2017 - (0:52) New experience offers dining in the dark with... Wed, 17 May, 2017 - (2:05) Ready, steady, mow! The lawnmower racing... Mon, 15 May, 2017 - (1:13) Koons unveils a giant inflated ballerina... Fri, 12 May, 2017 - (2:15) Man captures 16-foot python in Florida Fri, 12 May, 2017 - (1:31) History you can taste... the chocolate museum Thu, 11 May, 2017 - (1:40) In a Danish brewery, urine is the secret... Sat, 06 May, 2017 - (0:59) Lion's reverse vasectomy spawns new hope for... Fri, 05 May, 2017 - (1:09) 'Pisner' beer recycles your urine Fri, 05 May, 2017 - (1:57) Entertainment » Brad Pitt, Courtney Love among mourners at... 7:51am IST - (1:20) Ariana Grande says she will hold benefit... 4:21am IST - (0:56) 'Wonder Woman' launches with tightened... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (2:12) Beckham among lots at Cannes AIDS auction Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:52) Biggest exhibit of human-like fossils goes on... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:21) Robert Pattinson went un-papped during NY... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:37) Hollywood stars join charity cause in France... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:43) Cast and crew of new 'Pirates' discuss Johnny... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (1:58) Twin Peaks' cast and crew walk Cannes red... Fri, 26 May, 2017 - (0:56) Young star of 'The Florida Project' gets... Thu, 25 May, 2017 - (1:57) Body shaming Playboy model gets three years... Thu, 25 May, 2017 - (0:56) 'Sacred Deer' reunites Colin Farrell with... Thu, 25 May, 2017 - (2:08) Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook RSS Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Newsletters | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
null
Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Howard Hughes' former Tahoe estate for sale News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Clinton at Wellesley again at a crossroads Trump budget dismays families 5 Capital Region schools earn state distinction for high Rensselaer County DA ends practice of not prosecuting some Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Scherzer dominant in win over Padres Yanks waste Tanaka's gem Walker's return boosts Mets past Pirates Shaker boys' lacrosse edges Bethlehem in Class A semifinal Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories National Grid nears completion of $77 million transmission line Hot Harry's in Schenectady open after tax closure Buyers benefit as off-lease cars flood lots Schenectady Hot Harry’s reopens Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories 'Sgt. Pepper' remains a landmark Art on grand scale at MASS MoCA's new space People in the news: Show goes on for Aerosmith Good things to do for the week ahead Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Greensboro hotel makes climate-conscious travelers swoon Pet names as passwords can work, especially in these cases Key items to “buy” or “wait to buy” during Memorial Day High & Low Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Poll: Which team will win the Section II Class AA Softball Final? Poll: Which team will win the Section II Class A Softball Final? Poll: Which team will win the Section II Class B Softball Final? Nearly 400,000 views later, reflections on a viral post TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Confessions of a former Republican Letter: Faso needs to break away from Trump Pence's remarks worth hearing Ben Gable Savories delights with flavorful pastries Jobs Top Workplaces Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Albany Med service targets executive patients Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Colonial in Niskayuna June's Parade of Homes set to be largest yet High & Low House of the Week: Georgian Revival in Menands Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Key items to “buy” or “wait to buy” during Money tips for new college grads Secrets to help you save at Amazon Hewitt’s: Free flowering annual or vegetable pack for Mom MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/news/article/Alert-Rensselaer-County-DA-ends-practice-of-not-11176288.php Rensselaer County DA ends practice of not prosecuting some Walmart shoplifters By Kenneth C. Crowe II Updated 2:44 pm, Friday, May 26, 2017 Begin Slideshow 44 Photo: Will Waldron Image 1of/44 Caption Close Image 1 of 44 Buy photo View of the East Greenbush Wal-Mart on Wednesday, May 24, 2017, in East Grenbush, N.Y. (Will Waldron/Times Union) View of the East Greenbush Wal-Mart on Wednesday, May 24, 2017, in East Grenbush, N.Y. (Will Waldron/Times Union) Photo: Will Waldron Buy this photo Image 2 of 44 Image 3 of 44 It seems Red Bull is a popular item to steal, with $1,050 worth of the energy drinks stolen from the Brunswick Walmart since 2014. See some other items that were stolen from area stores in the past two years. It seems Red Bull is a popular item to steal, with $1,050 worth of the energy drinks stolen from the Brunswick Walmart since 2014. See some other items that were stolen from area stores in the past two years. Image 4 of 44 $750 worth of Pokemon cards were stolen by a 20-year-old man from the Halfmoon Walmart in January 2015. $750 worth of Pokemon cards were stolen by a 20-year-old man from the Halfmoon Walmart in January 2015. Photo: Mike Lawrie, Getty Images Image 5 of 44 Computer routers, software and other computer hardware with a total value of over $1000 was stolen from the Walmart in Wilton by a 25-year-old man in February 2015. Computer routers, software and other computer hardware with a total value of over $1000 was stolen from the Walmart in Wilton by a 25-year-old man in February 2015. Photo: Westend61, Getty Images/Brand X Image 6 of 44 Buy photo A 29-year-old man stole $875 worth of energy drinks, women's hygiene products, batteries and soaps from the Price Chopper in Brunswick in July 2015. A 29-year-old man stole $875 worth of energy drinks, women's hygiene products, batteries and soaps from the Price Chopper in Brunswick in July 2015. Photo: Michael P. Farrell Buy this photo Image 7 of 44 $600 in clothing was stolen by a 28-year-old woman from the Kohl's in Halfmoon in January 2015.  $600 in clothing was stolen by a 28-year-old woman from the Kohl's in Halfmoon in January 2015.  Photo: Victor J. Blue Image 8 of 44 A computer valued at $500 was stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in January 2015. A computer valued at $500 was stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in January 2015. Photo: Shutterstock Image 9 of 44 Two women were arrested in December 2014 for failing to scan over $300 worth of clothing and christmas decorations at the Walmart in Brunswick. Two women were arrested in December 2014 for failing to scan over $300 worth of clothing and christmas decorations at the Walmart in Brunswick. Photo: Unknown, Warner Brothers Image 10 of 44 3 Dewalt drills were stolen from the Home Depot in Halfmoon in September 2014. In February 2015, a Dewalt tool kit valued at $399 was stolen from the Lowes in Halfmoon. 3 Dewalt drills were stolen from the Home Depot in Halfmoon in September 2014. In February 2015, a Dewalt tool kit valued at $399 was stolen from the Lowes in Halfmoon. Photo: HANDOUT Image 11 of 44 The same person who stole the Dewalt tool kit also stole a chainsaw from Lowe's valued at $299. The same person who stole the Dewalt tool kit also stole a chainsaw from Lowe's valued at $299. Photo: Mike Groll, AP Image 12 of 44 $287 worth of deodorant and razors were stolen by a 40-year-old man from the Price Chopper in Brunswick in August 2014. $287 worth of deodorant and razors were stolen by a 40-year-old man from the Price Chopper in Brunswick in August 2014. Photo: Tim Robberts, Getty Images Image 13 of 44 A shopping cart full of groceries valued at $285 was stolen from the Brunswick Price Chopper in September 2014. A shopping cart full of groceries valued at $285 was stolen from the Brunswick Price Chopper in September 2014. Image 14 of 44 $200 in nursing scrubs was stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in April 2015. $200 in nursing scrubs was stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in April 2015. Photo: NBC Image 15 of 44 Over $200 in of infant clothing was stolen by two women from the Brunswick Walmart in February 2015. Over $200 in of infant clothing was stolen by two women from the Brunswick Walmart in February 2015. Photo: (c) Tom Grill Image 16 of 44 $200 worth of Red Bull, baby formula and diapers was stolen by a 44-year-old man from the Price Chopper in Brunswick in January 2015. $200 worth of Red Bull, baby formula and diapers was stolen by a 44-year-old man from the Price Chopper in Brunswick in January 2015. Photo: Mark Duncan Image 17 of 44 Two 16-year-olds stole $250 in headphones and electronic merchandise from Walmart in Brunswick in December 2014. Two 16-year-olds stole $250 in headphones and electronic merchandise from Walmart in Brunswick in December 2014. Photo: Pexels Image 18 of 44 A vacuum cleaner valued at over $190 was stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in October 2015. A vacuum cleaner valued at over $190 was stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in October 2015. Photo: Stuartbur, Getty Images Image 19 of 44 $185 in camping gear was stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in September 2014. $185 in camping gear was stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in September 2014. Photo: Mary Esch Image 20 of 44 A 17-year-old stole $144 in XBOX games in May 2015 from the Halfmoon Walmart. A 17-year-old stole $144 in XBOX games in May 2015 from the Halfmoon Walmart. Photo: Nam Y. Huh, Associated Press Image 21 of 44 A woman stole $140 in bath items from the Walmart in Brunswick in November 2014. A woman stole $140 in bath items from the Walmart in Brunswick in November 2014. Photo: George Marks, Retrofile/Getty Images Image 22 of 44 Over $130 worth of denim jeans and polo shirts were stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in August 2014. Over $130 worth of denim jeans and polo shirts were stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in August 2014. Photo: AMI Editors Image 23 of 44 $90 worth of diabetes test strips were stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in January 2016. $90 worth of diabetes test strips were stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in January 2016. Photo: EDDIE LAWRENCE, Getty Images Image 24 of 44 $84 worth of cell phone accessories was stolen from the Walmart in Halfmoon in February 2015. $84 worth of cell phone accessories was stolen from the Walmart in Halfmoon in February 2015. Photo: Julie Jacobson, Associated Press Image 25 of 44 $80 worth of My Little Pony merchandise was stolen from the Walmart in Halfmoon in March 2015. $80 worth of My Little Pony merchandise was stolen from the Walmart in Halfmoon in March 2015. Photo: The Strong Image 26 of 44 Buy photo $65 in apples were stolen by a 20-year-old woman from Bowman Orchards in Halfmoon. $65 in apples were stolen by a 20-year-old woman from Bowman Orchards in Halfmoon. Photo: John Carl D'Annibale Buy this photo Image 27 of 44 $52.48 in baby pacifiers were stolen from the Walmart in Halfmoon in May 2015. $52.48 in baby pacifiers were stolen from the Walmart in Halfmoon in May 2015. Photo: ia_64 - Fotolia Image 28 of 44 $5.98 worth of Extenze Liquid Male Enhancement Formula was stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in June 2015. The thief drank the liquid, put the empty bottle on the shelf and then left the store. $5.98 worth of Extenze Liquid Male Enhancement Formula was stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in June 2015. The thief drank the liquid, put the empty bottle on the shelf and then left the store. Photo: Walgreens.com Image 29 of 44 An iPad Air was stolen from the GameStop in Halfmoon in  February 2015. Four iPad Airs were stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in January 2016. An iPad Air was stolen from the GameStop in Halfmoon in  February 2015. Four iPad Airs were stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in January 2016. Photo: JIM WILSON Image 30 of 44 One Brunswick Walmart customer stole seven iHome speakers in June 2015. One Brunswick Walmart customer stole seven iHome speakers in June 2015. Photo: Courtesy Photo Image 31 of 44 That same customer also stole two pairs of Ultra Firm Control Waist Nippers. That same customer also stole two pairs of Ultra Firm Control Waist Nippers. Image 32 of 44 A man stole five 12 packs of Heineken, a thermometer, two cucumbers and one bottle of Pepsi from the Price Chopper in Malta in 2014. A man stole five 12 packs of Heineken, a thermometer, two cucumbers and one bottle of Pepsi from the Price Chopper in Malta in 2014. Photo: David Rogers, Getty Images Image 33 of 44 A 29-year-old man stole a curling iron, fishing gear, and hygiene products from the Walmart in Brunswick in 2015. A 29-year-old man stole a curling iron, fishing gear, and hygiene products from the Walmart in Brunswick in 2015. Photo: Courtesy Of Gold 'N Hot Image 34 of 44 Also at the Brunswick Walmart, a woman stole T-shirts, boxer briefs, socks, work gloves, diapers and a dog leash, valued at $120 total in June 2015. Also at the Brunswick Walmart, a woman stole T-shirts, boxer briefs, socks, work gloves, diapers and a dog leash, valued at $120 total in June 2015. Photo: Amorphis - Fotolia Image 35 of 44 Two 12 packs of Milwaukee's Best beer were stolen from Stewart's in Clifton Park in January 2016. Two 12 packs of Milwaukee's Best beer were stolen from Stewart's in Clifton Park in January 2016. Image 36 of 44 A 16 year old stole a BB Gun from the Walmart in Brunswick in September 2015. A 16 year old stole a BB Gun from the Walmart in Brunswick in September 2015. Photo: Turner Program Services C1995 Image 37 of 44 Two cases of Pedigree Dog Food were stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in November 2014. Two cases of Pedigree Dog Food were stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in November 2014. Image 38 of 44 Two teens stole clothing, socks, leggings and Halloween costume from the Wilton Walmart in 2014. Two teens stole clothing, socks, leggings and Halloween costume from the Wilton Walmart in 2014. Image 39 of 44 In May 2015, a couple stole a container of chicken fingers and sweet potato fries from the Walmart in Brunswick. They were apprehended nearby while eating the food. In May 2015, a couple stole a container of chicken fingers and sweet potato fries from the Walmart in Brunswick. They were apprehended nearby while eating the food. Photo: Jen Fedrizzi, Special To The Chronicle Image 40 of 44 A PlayStation was stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in August 2014. A PlayStation was stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in August 2014. Image 41 of 44 Several cans of Twisted Tea were stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in October 2014. Several cans of Twisted Tea were stolen from the Walmart in Brunswick in October 2014. Photo: Walmart.com Image 42 of 44 A Keurig coffee maker and a seven piece bedding set were stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in February 2015. A Keurig coffee maker and a seven piece bedding set were stolen from the Brunswick Walmart in February 2015. Photo: Toby Talbot, STF Image 43 of 44 A shirt and carton of cigarettes worth approximately $36 was stolen from the Walmart in Saratoga Springs in April 2015. A shirt and carton of cigarettes worth approximately $36 was stolen from the Walmart in Saratoga Springs in April 2015. Photo: Gabrielle Lurie Gabrielle Lurie, Special To The Chronicle Image 44 of 44 Rensselaer County DA ends practice of not prosecuting some Walmart shoplifters 1 / 44 Back to Gallery TROY - Rensselaer County District Attorney Joel Abelove says he's reversed course on a policy that encouraged Walmart not to call cops to make arrests in the theft of  merchandise valued at $100 or less from the retail giant's stores in Brunswick and East Greenbush. "Following consultation with law enforcement, including the Sheriff, I have rescinded the agreement regarding thefts at Walmart stores in Brunswick and East Greenbush," Abelove wrote in a memo sent by his office. "Police will continue to be able to make arrests for thefts at both Walmart stores, just as they do when any business files a complaint." Abelove's decision comes just hours after the Times Union reported on a memo from Abelove that showed he'd reached an agreement with Walmart under which the stores in the county would not call law enforcement if employees caught shoplifters with $100 or less in stolen merchandise. Abelove justified the move as a way to ease court overcrowding, but police - including Abelove's fellow Republican Sheriff Patrick Russo - panned the practice that set parameters for when Walmart would  summon troopers, deputies or police officers as running counter to their law enforcement training, they say. Related Stories Weird and everyday items stolen from Walmart and other local stores Opioid abuse fuels Capital Region thefts "We shouldn't be sending the message that stealing is acceptable," said Sheriff Patrick Russo, whose deputies respond to the Walmart Supercenter at 760 Hoosick Road, Brunswick. In his announcement Friday, Abelove said he understood the backlash. "My intention in the initial agreement was to work to reduce costly overcrowding in both courts and the jails, especially for first-time, non-violent offenders," he wrote. "I understand the very reasonable concerns voiced by law enforcement, which has prompted this change. In the coming months, my office will work cooperatively with police, and with Walmart and other interested parties, to work to reduce court overcrowding." On Thursday, State Police said they were unaware of any similar arrangements in the Capital Region. "If we get a call, we're going to respond," Trooper Mark Cepiel, a spokesman for Troop G, said Thursday. In the past, troopers were frequently called to handle shoplifting cases at the Walmart in Brunswick. East Greenbush Chief Chris Lavin declined comment when asked about the policy affecting calls to the Walmart Supercenter on 279 Troy Road, which is in his department's coverage area. Abelove said he contacted Walmart about reaching a memorandum of understanding to make better use of limited resources in prosecuting cases in the Brunswick and East Greenbush town courts. The district attorney said the volume of shoplifting cases was crowding those court calendars. News Videos Most Popular 1 Walmart shoplifters may get break 2 Cops: Man assaults three Albany police officers 3 Wife kisses husband goodbye, never sees him again 4 Tragedy takes toll hours after trooper's retirement 5 Patient killed in ambulance crash died of massive injuries,... 6 Rensselaer County DA ends practice of not prosecuting some... 7 Schenectady police arrest second man in alleged contract killing View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Close menu News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Lifestyles Youth Sports Steelers Pirates Penguins Panthers Aubrey Bruce Bill Neal Business Health Opinion Ulish Carter Louis ‘Hop’ Kendrick J. Pharoah Doss Entertainment Celebrity News Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Contact Us Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Metro National Atlanta Chicago Detroit Memphis News One Newsroom International Archives Lifestyles Youth Sports Steelers Pirates Penguins Panthers Aubrey Bruce Bill Neal Business Health Opinion Ulish Carter Louis ‘Hop’ Kendrick J. Pharoah Doss Entertainment Celebrity News Classifieds Subscribe Subscribe to Print Edition Join NPC’s Email List Contact Us Wal-Mart To Ban Racist Woman From Store Photo by News Home > News Wal-Mart To Ban Racist Woman From Store A video at Wal-Mart shows a White woman rant at a Latina and call a bystander the N-word. Roz Edward, Michigan Chronicle Managing Editor Leave a comment 21 reads A Wal-Mart spokesman said Wednesday that the retailer plans to ban a woman, caught on video unleashing a racist tirade, from shopping at its Centerton, Arkansas store, KNWA-TV reports. Charles Crowson, a Wal-Mart communications manager, did not give details of how the company would locate the woman or details of its ban, the news outlet said. A video of the encounter on Monday appears to show a White woman telling a Latina to go back to Mexico. When a bystander, apparently African-American, intervenes, the White woman responds: “A ni**er is calling me ignorant?” The video was viewed more than 23 million times on Facebook by Friday morning. WATCH: A woman's racist rant inside an #Arkansas #Walmart has gone viral — with more than 8 million views https://t.co/P3iI7tXNiX #ARNews pic.twitter.com/vBDwGhRYL3 — Austin Kellerman (@AustinKellerman) May 24, 2017 A Wal-Mart store manager overheard the dispute and chastised the White woman, saying her comments were inappropriate. SOURCE:  KNWA-TV SEE ALSO: Florida State Senator Resigns After Racist Rant Couple Leaves Racist Note For Virginia Waitress: Great Service, Don’t Tip Black People 55 Photos To Make You Miss The Obamas 52 photos Launch gallery 55 Photos To Make You Miss The Obamas 1. Barack gives daughter Malia a kiss Source:Getty 1 of 52 2. Michelle and Barack tell the kids a story Source:Getty 2 of 52 3. Michelle and Barack Kiss Source:Getty 3 of 52 4. Michelle and Barack Source:Getty 4 of 52 5. First Family Portrait Source:Getty 5 of 52 6. Two Terms Source:Getty 6 of 52 7. Michelle and Barack host a State Dinner Source:Getty 7 of 52 8. Barack Obama and Michelle Obama Source:Getty 8 of 52 9. Fun In The Sun Source:Instagram 9 of 52 10. The Obamas on Air Force One Source:Getty 10 of 52 11. Hawaiian Holidays Source:Instagram 11 of 52 12. The First Family in London Source:Getty 12 of 52 13. First Lady Michelle Obama with daughters Malia Obama and Sasha Obama Source:Getty 13 of 52 14. Barack & Sasha Source:Instagram 14 of 52 15. Sasha and Malia Obama at the 2016 State Dinner Source:Getty 15 of 52 16. Turkey Pardoning Source:Getty 16 of 52 17. Sunday Church Source:Getty 17 of 52 18. Gobble, Gobble Source:Getty 18 of 52 19. Obama & Sasha Source:Instagram 19 of 52 20. Malia Obama, the First Daughter Source:Getty 20 of 52 21. Barack Obama and his daughter Malia Obama Source:Getty 21 of 52 22. Team Obama Source:Instagram 22 of 52 23. A Family Affair Source:Getty 23 of 52 24. Flashback To The Old Days Source:Pete Souza 24 of 52 25. Happy Birthday! Source:Getty 25 of 52 26. Candidly Awesome Source:Pete Souza 26 of 52 27. The Obamas Family Portrait Source:Instagram 27 of 52 28. Historic First Family Source:Getty 28 of 52 29. Ice Cream Treat Source:Getty 29 of 52 30. TV Time Source:Pete Souza 30 of 52 31. Playing In The Oval Office Source:Instagram 31 of 52 32. Always Giving Back Source:Getty 32 of 52 33. A Christmas Story Source:Getty 33 of 52 34. Hawaii Trip! Source:Getty 34 of 52 35. Obama Loves Team USA & His Wife Source:Getty 35 of 52 36. Malia and Sasha Obama Source:Getty 36 of 52 37. Michelle Plays on a Bike Source:Getty 37 of 52 38. Obama Loves Team USA, His Wife & Malia Source:Getty 38 of 52 39. Reading Time Source:Pete Souza 39 of 52 40. Family Support Source:Getty 40 of 52 41. The Sister Selfie Source:Pete Souza 41 of 52 42. Supporting Mom Source:Pete Souza 42 of 52 43. Giving Back On MLK Day Source:Getty 43 of 52 44. Obamas Give Back To The Community Source:Getty 44 of 52 45. Always Supporting Small Businesses Source:Getty 45 of 52 46. Obama Swagger Source:Getty 46 of 52 47. Laughs & Turkeys Source:Getty 47 of 52 48. Growing Up In The White House Source:Instagram 48 of 52 49. Christmas With The Obamas Source:Getty 49 of 52 50. Malia & Obama Source:Instagram 50 of 52 51. 50th Anniversary Of March On Selma Source:Pete Souza 51 of 52 52. Christmas Tree Lighting Source:Getty 52 of 52 Skip ad Continue reading 55 Photos To Make You Miss The Obamas 55 Photos To Make You Miss The Obamas comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. × Like What You See? Sign Up for New Pittsburgh Courier's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Get It On Your Doorstep Most Popular New Pittsburgh Courier photographer “Ricco” Martello runs into burning Midtown Towers building to save lives Redwood, Milliones stop URA plan to buy Hill District properties The life and achievements of Martin Luther King Jr. Pittsburgh’s Hill House cuts staff amid reassessment Students show how Willie Lynch Syndrome still prevalent Connie Hawkins league vet scores big in Dubai (Bill Neal’s Column May 3) Get Informed! Close Subscribe to our Newsletter! Thank you for subscribing! Please be sure to open and click your first newsletter so we can confirm your subscription. Email Submit Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Walmart hires nearly 5,000 veterans in Tennessee - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home WMC Action News 5 VAULT 2017 St. Jude Dream Home I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Gibson Guitar 5K Job fair directory Mobile apps Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News 2017 St. Jude Dream Home Investigates Andy's Consumer Tip of the Week SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News First Alert Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) First Alert: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast First Alert Traffic Sports Friday Football Fever College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests Mid-South Heroes 90105 Connects.com Official Rules: Memphis Air Show Tickets About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 WMC5 Digital Advertising Solutions Station history Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Walmart hires nearly 5,000 veterans in Tennessee 2017-05-26T16:39:09Z2017-05-26T21:27:16Z By WMCActionNews5.com Staff Email Connect desk@wmctv.com (Source: Walmart) MEMPHIS, TN (WMC) - Walmart hired 4,780 U.S. veterans in Tennessee since creating a veteran hiring plan in 2013. Walmart's Veterans Welcome Home Commitment guarantees a job offer to any eligible, honorably discharged U.S. veteran. The retail giant hopes to hire 250,000 veterans by 2020. So far, the company has hired 170,000 veterans, and more than 22,000 of them have already been promoted. “At Walmart, we have seen firsthand that veterans and active service members bring tremendous skills, like leadership, attention to detail and conscientiousness, to their civilian jobs,” said retired Brigadier General Gary Profit, senior director of military programs for Walmart. “We are proud to salute these individuals during all stages of service–from making a decision to enlist in the armed forces to when they return home.” To commemorate Memorial Day, Walmart announced a $100,000 grant to the Tragedy Assistance Program for Survivors, which is a national organization offering help, hope, and healing to those grieving the death of a loved one in the armed forces. Copyright 2017 WMC Action News 5. All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Sources: Saudi Arabian shot in downtown hotel, crime connected to prostitution Sources: Saudi Arabian shot in downtown hotel, crime connected to prostitution Updated: Friday, May 26 2017 11:40 PM EDT2017-05-27 03:40:00 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A man and a woman remain on the run after a shooting inside a Downtown Memphis hotel, according to Memphis Police Department.More >> A man and a woman remain on the run after a shooting inside a Downtown Memphis hotel, according to Memphis Police Department.More >> Man in critical condition after being stabbed in the chest Man in critical condition after being stabbed in the chest Updated: Friday, May 26 2017 11:23 PM EDT2017-05-27 03:23:18 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) A man was rushed to the hospital after being stabbed in the chest, according to Memphis Police Department. More >> A man was rushed to the hospital after being stabbed in the chest, according to Memphis Police Department.More >> Argument over cable TV connection ends in death of mother of 2 Argument over cable TV connection ends in death of mother of 2 Updated: Friday, May 26 2017 10:53 PM EDT2017-05-27 02:53:46 GMT Dominique White (SOURCE: Family) A woman was shot and killed in an apartment shooting Friday night. The shooting happened at the Whitney Manor Apartments.  More >> A woman was shot and killed in an apartment shooting Friday night. The shooting happened at the Whitney Manor Apartments. More >> City watch issued for woman missing from mental health facility City watch issued for woman missing from mental health facility Updated: Friday, May 26 2017 10:07 PM EDT2017-05-27 02:07:07 GMT (SOURCE: MPD) Memphis Police Department issued a city watch for a woman missing from a mental health facility.  More >> Memphis Police Department issued a city watch for a woman missing from a mental health facility. More >> Mid-South National Guardsmen win big at National Marksman Competition Mid-South National Guardsmen win big at National Marksman Competition Updated: Friday, May 26 2017 9:45 PM EDT2017-05-27 01:45:26 GMT (SOURCE: Submitted) Some Tennessee National Guardsmen took home some big prizes at the National Marksman Competition. More >> Some Tennessee National Guardsmen took home some big prizes at the National Marksman Competition.More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> Surprising cause of death in teen boating accident creates 'Raven's Rule' Surprising cause of death in teen boating accident creates 'Raven's Rule' Updated: Wednesday, May 24 2017 3:34 PM EDT2017-05-24 19:34:33 GMT 16-year-old Raven Little-White died in August, after a boating accident on Lake Waccamaw. The medical examiner’s report lists “drowning” as the probable cause of death, but a toxicology report that came back later revealed Raven had actually succumbed to carbon monoxide poisoning.More >> 16-year-old Raven Little-White died in August, after a boating accident on Lake Waccamaw. The medical examiner’s report lists “drowning” as the probable cause of death, but a toxicology report that came back later revealed Raven had actually succumbed to carbon monoxide poisoning.More >> Parents of Gage Meche suing man they blame for gun being brought to school Parents of Gage Meche suing man they blame for gun being brought to school Updated: Friday, May 26 2017 10:18 PM EDT2017-05-27 02:18:02 GMT Gage Meche (Source: Facebook) Gage Meche has thousands of people rooting for him and a family spokesman says it means a lot.  But attorney Ron Richard says the child's parents want action against the man they believe is responsible, they're suing Michael Lane Dugas.. “They are on a roller coaster of emotions:  anger, sadness, fear, angst and wanting to feel like they're doing something about this matter. More >> Gage Meche has thousands of people rooting for him and a family spokesman says it means a lot.  But attorney Ron Richard says the child's parents want action against the man they believe is responsible, they're suing Michael Lane Dugas.. “They are on a roller coaster of emotions:  anger, sadness, fear, angst and wanting to feel like they're doing something about this matter. More >> 'Monster' bull frog caught in STX fishing pond 'Monster' bull frog caught in STX fishing pond Updated: Friday, May 26 2017 1:36 PM EDT2017-05-26 17:36:22 GMT Check out this big guy!  This 'monster' bull frog was caught in a South Texas fishing pond near Batesville by Markcuz Rangel.   More >> Check out this big guy!  This 'monster' bull frog was caught in a South Texas fishing pond near Batesville by Markcuz Rangel.  More >> Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 E3 Memorial Day Deals     Friday's Nintendo Switch Online Orders At Walmart Get Put On Backorder Posted: May 26 2017, 9:47am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News   Photo Credit: Getty Images   The Nintendo Switch online sale at walmart.com on Friday at 5pm ET is a farce. The Walmart online shop has restocked the Nintendo Switch on Fridays for eight weeks in a row. The Walmart's Nintendo Switch flash sale started usually at 5pm ET. There is no reason to believe that Walmart will not again sell the Switch today, but there is a big problem with this sale. Don't Miss: Find Rare Products in Stock Online with The Tracker We managed to place an order for a Nintendo Switch bundle at walmart.com last Friday. All looked good. The order got processed and not immediately cancelled like a week earlier. Our inventory tracking app The Tracker has sent out the in stock alert right when the buy buttons lit up at 5:01pm ET.  The Mario Kart 8 Deluxe game from my ordered bundle shipped on Wednesday. I thought now nothing can go wrong, but it did. On Thursday I received an email from Walmart saying that the Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con console is on backorder. We heard from another shopper that the same thing happened to him. If Walmart is not able to fulfill the order by June 4, they will cancel the order automatically. Walmart appears to have no control over their inventory when it comes to the Nintendo Switch. Reports about cancelled and back ordered Switch console surfaced in past weeks as well.   The Walmart Switch sale is extremely popular. To successfully purchase a Nintendo Switch console or the bundle, shoppers only have a few minutes. To find out almost a week later that the ordered Switch is not shipping is ridiculous.  Walmart is very likely again selling the Switch today at 5pm ET despite not being able to fulfill orders from a week ago. It is not clear why the retailer is doing this. I have now ordered the $398.99 Nintendo Switch bundle at GameStop.com. We are planning to give away this Switch console and don't want to wait any longer. The GameStop Switch bundle with Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and wheels ships within 24 hours. This bundle even includes the more popular Neon Joy-Cons.  Walmart lists the Nintendo Switch as part of a bundle with a game and accessory starting at $378.76. With the Walmart app the $299 Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy Con and $299 Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con can be purchased.  The Tracker app, available for iOS and Android will send out a notification when the Walmart Switch sale begins.  From the list products you select the ones (e.g.: Nintendo Switch and the Switch Walmart bundle) you like to be notified when it is in stock at an online retailer. That is it. It is set and forget. At the moment we detect a product in stock, you receive a notification on your smartphone. Now you are just a tap away from purchasing the product you want. For extreme hard to find products, timing is everything. There is nothing faster than a smartphone notification. We continue to work tirelessly to make the Tracker by I4U News the fastest online inventory tracker. The list of available products to find in stock online includes the Nintendo Switch, Nintendo Switch accessories, amiibo, Hatchimals CollEGGtibles and more.  The Tracker app supports the following stores: Amazon, Walmart, Best Buy, Target, GameStop, ToysRUs, Sam's Club, NewEgg and more. The Tracker by I4U News app is now available as free download. You can find the app in the Apple iTunes Store for iOS devices and in the Google Play Store for Android. The current inventory tracking data is also available online on the Tracker site. This summer will bring new big Switch games without a break. Arms will be released on June 16 and Splatoon 2 on July 21. Amazon offers pre-order discounts on both of the titles for Prime members to the tune of 20%. More Nintendo Switch games are expected to be announced at the E3 2017 next month. Nintendo is ramping up the production for the Nintendo Switch, but has not disclosed what the current production capacity per month is. The only number the company made official is the production volume over the next 12 months. The Nintendo Switch launched on March 3 and Nintendo sold over 2.74 million units as of the end of April. 10 million Switch consoles are planned to enter retail channels until end of April 2018. The demand for the Nintendo Switch will spike during the Holiday Shopping season 2017. Nintendo will set aside a large part of the Switch production during the next months for November and December. This stock piling will keep the Nintendo Switch in short supply during the next 5 months. As Nintendo coordinated new Switch console shipment with the launch of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, we expect the company to do the same for the next major Switch game launches.  There are also several new accessories coming on the market from Nintendo in the next weeks. See the full list of new Nintendo Switch accessories. Updated: 2017-05-27 01:55:45am Offers Nintendo Switch Neon Joy-Con Mario Kart Race and Charge Bundle Store: Gamestop Price: $0 Availability: Browse all current Offers This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch Availability Report for May 26 11 hours ago, 2:33pm CDT Samsung To Fix Switch Connectivity Problem 13 hours ago, 12:49pm CDT Win a Samsung Galaxy S8 From Sprint by Twin Photo With Your Pet 14 hours ago, 11:55am CDT Walmart Memorial Day 2017 Sale To Deliver Best Deals 15 hours ago, 10:07am CDT NASA to Visit Giant Metal Asteroid Psyche in 2022 3 hours ago The Biggest Trend in Porn? Fidget Spinners 11 hours ago, 2:56pm CDT EA's FIFA on the Nintendo Switch will Debut at E3 2017 16 hours ago, 8:56am CDT New Nintendo Switch Games Ready for Download 18 hours ago, 7:45am CDT Pokémon Game Magikarp Jump Now Available for iPhone and iPad 18 hours ago, 7:38am CDT Nintendo Switch Drives GameStop's Q1 Sales to New High 18 hours ago, 7:29am CDT E3 2017: Beyond Good & Evil 2 is Not Coming 18 hours ago, 7:29am CDT Microsoft Rebrands Beam to Mixer Game Streaming Service 18 hours ago, 7:24am CDT Jaguar XE SV Project 8 is Brand’s Most Powerful Road Car 18 hours ago, 7:14am CDT iPhone 8 Will Have Touch ID Directly on the OLED Screen 18 hours ago, 7:02am CDT iPhone 8 Keynote and Release Date Revealed 19 hours ago, 6:09am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News $398.99 Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Mario Kart Bundle Ships Now from GameStop Amazon Prime Day 2017 Video Game Deals Driven by Nintendo Switch Success   Best Memorial Day 2017 Sales and Deals Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Technology News Nintendo Switch Availability Report for May 26 11 hours ago, 2:33pm CDT Samsung To Fix Switch Connectivity Problem 13 hours ago, 12:49pm CDT Win a Samsung Galaxy S8 From Sprint by Twin Photo With Your Pet 14 hours ago, 11:55am CDT Walmart Memorial Day 2017 Sale To Deliver Best Deals 15 hours ago, 10:07am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News NASA to Visit Giant Metal Asteroid Psyche in 2022 3 hours ago The Biggest Trend in Porn? Fidget Spinners 11 hours ago, 2:56pm CDT Nintendo Switch Availability Report for May 26 11 hours ago, 2:33pm CDT Samsung To Fix Switch Connectivity Problem 13 hours ago, 12:49pm CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 E3 Memorial Day Deals     Walmart Memorial Day 2017 Sale To Deliver Best Deals Posted: May 26 2017, 10:07am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News   Photo Credit: Getty Images   The Walmart Memorial Day 2017 deals will be among the best this weekend. The Memorial Day 2017 weekend means plenty of sales events featuring deals on a wide range of products. The Walmart Memorial Day sale has begun in select departments online at walmart.com. The full Walmart Memorial Day 2017 sale is expected to launch on Sunday.  Don't Miss: This is How to Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock The Walmart Memorial Day sale features for now deals in health and beauty. A patio sale is available as well. We expect Walmart to feature deals on TVs, smartphones and other electronics once the full sale begins on Memorial Day weekend. We will update this report with the best deals as soon as they are available. Walmart has dramatically increased the number of products offered online at walmart.com. The online sales have increased a whopping 63% last quarter, the retailer reported earlier this months. Sales events such as the Memorial Day sale help keep the momentum going. We expect an enticing line-up of deals on everything people need for summer. The deals will include Outdoor TV antennas, small TVs, portable speakers, pools, BBQs and outdoor sports equipment. The Walmart Memorial Day 2017 deals will be featured on this page. Walmart's fiercest competitor Amazon is not that focused on the Memorial Day. The retailer and its marketplace partners are busy preparing for Amazon Prime Day 2017 taking place in July. Other stores offering interesting Memorial Day sales online are Best Buy and Sam's Club. Find more Memorial Day 2017 deals in our Memorial Day 2017 coverage. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch Availability Report for May 26 10 hours ago, 2:33pm CDT Samsung To Fix Switch Connectivity Problem 12 hours ago, 12:49pm CDT Win a Samsung Galaxy S8 From Sprint by Twin Photo With Your Pet 13 hours ago, 11:55am CDT Friday's Nintendo Switch Online Orders at Walmart Get Put on Backorder 15 hours ago, 9:47am CDT NASA to Visit Giant Metal Asteroid Psyche in 2022 2 hours ago The Biggest Trend in Porn? Fidget Spinners 10 hours ago, 2:56pm CDT EA's FIFA on the Nintendo Switch will Debut at E3 2017 16 hours ago, 8:56am CDT New Nintendo Switch Games Ready for Download 17 hours ago, 7:45am CDT Pokémon Game Magikarp Jump Now Available for iPhone and iPad 17 hours ago, 7:38am CDT Nintendo Switch Drives GameStop's Q1 Sales to New High 17 hours ago, 7:29am CDT E3 2017: Beyond Good & Evil 2 is Not Coming 17 hours ago, 7:29am CDT Microsoft Rebrands Beam to Mixer Game Streaming Service 17 hours ago, 7:24am CDT Jaguar XE SV Project 8 is Brand’s Most Powerful Road Car 17 hours ago, 7:14am CDT iPhone 8 Will Have Touch ID Directly on the OLED Screen 18 hours ago, 7:02am CDT iPhone 8 Keynote and Release Date Revealed 18 hours ago, 6:09am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News $398.99 Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Mario Kart Bundle Ships Now from GameStop Amazon Prime Day 2017 Video Game Deals Driven by Nintendo Switch Success   Best Memorial Day 2017 Sales and Deals Nintendo Switch: The Tracker App Had Its First Big Run Technology News Nintendo Switch Availability Report for May 26 10 hours ago, 2:33pm CDT Samsung To Fix Switch Connectivity Problem 12 hours ago, 12:49pm CDT Win a Samsung Galaxy S8 From Sprint by Twin Photo With Your Pet 13 hours ago, 11:55am CDT Friday's Nintendo Switch Online Orders at Walmart Get Put on Backorder 15 hours ago, 9:47am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News NASA to Visit Giant Metal Asteroid Psyche in 2022 2 hours ago The Biggest Trend in Porn? Fidget Spinners 10 hours ago, 2:56pm CDT Nintendo Switch Availability Report for May 26 10 hours ago, 2:33pm CDT Samsung To Fix Switch Connectivity Problem 12 hours ago, 12:49pm CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Latest News Dow 21,080 -2.67 -0.01% Nasdaq 6,210 +4.94 +0.08% S&P 500 2,416 +0.75 +0.03% 5/26 Updated Why one hedge-fund titan is bracing for ‘all hell to break lose’ in the stock market 5/26 Updated After 33 hours, Delta Air Lines finally releases puppy from cargo in Guatemala 5/26 Updated Want to invest in bitcoin? Investors need to be willing to lose it all, adviser says 5/26 Updated Wall Street laughed at a call for bitcoin at $25,000—but after a 400% surge, the laughter is fading 5/26 Updated What the contents of this Depression-era purse says about American women in 2017 5/26 Updated This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children 5/26 Updated When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen 5/26 Updated S&P 500, Nasdaq book narrow records ahead of Memorial Day weekend 5/26 U.K. Anger Toward the U.S.: Three Things to Know 5/26 Snap acquires drone startup: Report 5/26 White House weighing major changes, including vetting of Trump tweets 5/26 Updated These are the highest (and lowest) paying jobs in every state across the country 5/26 Updated The many failures of Elon Musk, captured in one giant infographic 5/26 ShotSpotter IPO: Five things to know about the gunshot-detection company 5/26 Updated Hollywood is running out of hit ’80s movies to reboot 5/26 Updated Read this before jumping into a swimming pool this summer 5/26 Rapper Nelly tells Moneyish what unloading trucks at McDonald’s taught him about life 5/26 Updated You can make a decent living (and actually save money) in these American cities 5/26 Tech stocks are single-handedly helping active managers outperform 5/26 When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about U.S. jobs, it’s time to listen Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries The Ratings Game Get email alerts Costco’s got the goods to take on Wal-Mart and Amazon, analysts say By Tonya Garcia Published: May 26, 2017 4:21 p.m. ET Share Costco outpacing Wal-Mart in some areas, and there’s a moat between it and Amazon By TonyaGarcia Reporter Bloomberg With the retail sector struggling of late, Costco’s same-store sales increase of 5% in its third quarter was a highlight. Costco Wholesale Corp.’s third-quarter results demonstrated to Stifel that the warehouse retailer has what it takes to beat back competition from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Amazon.com Inc., analysts wrote in a Friday note. Costco COST, +1.79% reported earnings of $1.59 per share, up from $1.24 last year. Adjusted earnings of $1.40 a share beat consensus the consensus estimate of $1.31, according to FactSet. Sales of $28.86 billion were up from $26.77 billion a year ago but ahead of the $28.59 billion FactSet consensus estimate. Same-store sales were up 5% for the quarter, also beating the FactSet consensus, which called for a 4.1% increase. Shares closed up 1.8% on Friday. The numbers show that Costco’s core business is solid, Stifel wrote, with a business model that’s flexible enough to provide an advantage against other retailers. “We also think the results indicate Costco can coexist with large hardline competitors like Walmart WMT, -0.23% and have limited cannibalization from Amazon AMZN, +0.24%  ,” the Stifel note read. That’s consistent, according to Stifel, with its proprietary consumer-spending survey, which it said showed the overlap between Costco and Amazon Prime membership, while large, is “less cannibalistic than for other retailers.” Stifel rates Costco shares buy with a $191 price target, lifted from $185. See: Where do you get better deals, Costco or Amazon? Also: Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Not only did Costco post better-than-expected third-quarter earnings, but Susquehanna Financial Group said it believes the company has positive catalysts on the horizon, such as a membership-fee increase, earnings accretion from its Visa V, -0.39% card, and anticipated food-price inflation. “With over half of sales in food (which continues to be Amazon-resistant), and the most compelling value proposition in retail, Costco has a strong defensible positioning and remains one of the only retail growth stories in our universe with about 4% square footage growth through both domestic and international store development,” Susquehanna analysts wrote in a Friday note. In various sales metrics, Costco’s results bested both Wal-Mart and Target Corp. TGT, +0.37%  , which is viewed as significant by Susquehanna’s analysts. Even Wal-Mart was “not able to post positive ticket in the quarter,” according to the analysts. The big-box behemoth posted traffic growth of 1.5% and a 0.1% decline in the value of the average transaction, according to Susquehanna, which added that Target had seen comparable-store sales decline 1.3%, alongside decreases of 0.8% in traffic and 0.6% in “average ticket.” Susquehanna rates Costco shares positive with a price target of $205, up from $195. Don’t miss: Every time this happens, Amazon crushes another legacy retailer Also: This is how Best Buy gets so many of its customers to come into its stores In the Cowen & Co. view, there’s one area where Costco can improve: e-commerce. Oliver Chen said it will be necessary for the long-term health of the business. “While we do believe Costco remains strong merchants and consistently delivers a great in-store experience and treasure-hunt atmosphere, we believe the retailer should intensify focus on e-commerce to fortify its business for long-term success and sustain industry-leading traffic and comps growth,” the latest note said. Read: Germany’s Lidl to open its first U.S. stores in June, create 5,000 jobs Costco reported 11% e-commerce sales growth, while Wal-Mart reported 63% online sales growth, and Target’s online sales growth was 22%. Cowen & Co. rates Costco shares outperform with a $190 price target. Costco shares are up 18.8% over the past year, while the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.03% is up 15.6% for the period. More from MarketWatch 4 reasons why Donald Trump will be re-elected in 2020 Want to invest in bitcoin? Investors need to be willing to lose it all, adviser says Why one hedge-fund titan is bracing for ‘all hell to break lose’ in the stock market Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets Investing Quote References COST +3.13 +1.79% WMT -0.18 -0.23% AMZN +2.40 +0.24% V -0.37 -0.39% TGT +0.20 +0.37% SPX +0.75 +0.03% Show all references Most Popular Why one hedge-fund titan is bracing for ‘all hell to break lose’ in the stock market Hollywood is running out of hit ’80s movies to reboot When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen It’s time to plan an escape route, for you and your money, from Trumpland 'Alien: Covenant': How the Prequel Sequel Fits Into Franchise Timeline Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Costco Wholesale Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: COST $177.86 +3.13 (+1.79%) Volume 4.4M Open $180.25 High $180.34 Low $177.52 P/E Ratio 30.82 Div Yield 1.12 Market Cap 76.7B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $78.13 -0.18 (-0.23%) Volume 6.0M Open $78.37 High $78.54 Low $77.79 P/E Ratio 17.72 Div Yield 2.61 Market Cap 237.4B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $995.78 +2.40 (+0.24%) Volume 3.4M Open $995.00 High $998.65 Low $989.25 P/E Ratio 187.38 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 474.8B VISA Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: V $94.67 -0.37 (-0.39%) Volume 4.0M Open $95.00 High $95.12 Low $94.39 P/E Ratio 48.65 Div Yield 0.7 Market Cap 219.3B Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $54.40 +0.20 (+0.37%) Volume 3.7M Open $54.35 High $54.55 Low $53.93 P/E Ratio 11.1 Div Yield 4.41 Market Cap 29.9B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,415.82 +0.75 (+0.03%) Volume 1.5B Open 2,415 High 2,417 Low 2,412 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Latest News Dow 21,080 -2.67 -0.01% Nasdaq 6,210 +4.94 +0.08% S&P 500 2,416 +0.75 +0.03% 5/26 Updated Why one hedge-fund titan is bracing for ‘all hell to break lose’ in the stock market 5/26 Updated After 33 hours, Delta Air Lines finally releases puppy from cargo in Guatemala 5/26 Updated Want to invest in bitcoin? Investors need to be willing to lose it all, adviser says 5/26 Updated Wall Street laughed at a call for bitcoin at $25,000—but after a 400% surge, the laughter is fading 5/26 Updated What the contents of this Depression-era purse says about American women in 2017 5/26 Updated This is why Dutch kids are much happier than American children 5/26 Updated When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen 5/26 Updated S&P 500, Nasdaq book narrow records ahead of Memorial Day weekend 5/26 U.K. Anger Toward the U.S.: Three Things to Know 5/26 Snap acquires drone startup: Report 5/26 White House weighing major changes, including vetting of Trump tweets 5/26 Updated These are the highest (and lowest) paying jobs in every state across the country 5/26 Updated The many failures of Elon Musk, captured in one giant infographic 5/26 ShotSpotter IPO: Five things to know about the gunshot-detection company 5/26 Updated Hollywood is running out of hit ’80s movies to reboot 5/26 Updated Read this before jumping into a swimming pool this summer 5/26 Rapper Nelly tells Moneyish what unloading trucks at McDonald’s taught him about life 5/26 Updated You can make a decent living (and actually save money) in these American cities 5/26 Tech stocks are single-handedly helping active managers outperform 5/26 When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about U.S. jobs, it’s time to listen Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries The Ratings Game Get email alerts Costco’s got the goods to take on Wal-Mart and Amazon, analysts say By Tonya Garcia Published: May 26, 2017 4:21 p.m. ET Share Costco outpacing Wal-Mart in some areas, and there’s a moat between it and Amazon By TonyaGarcia Reporter Bloomberg With the retail sector struggling of late, Costco’s same-store sales increase of 5% in its third quarter was a highlight. Costco Wholesale Corp.’s third-quarter results demonstrated to Stifel that the warehouse retailer has what it takes to beat back competition from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Amazon.com Inc., analysts wrote in a Friday note. Costco COST, +1.79% reported earnings of $1.59 per share, up from $1.24 last year. Adjusted earnings of $1.40 a share beat consensus the consensus estimate of $1.31, according to FactSet. Sales of $28.86 billion were up from $26.77 billion a year ago but ahead of the $28.59 billion FactSet consensus estimate. Same-store sales were up 5% for the quarter, also beating the FactSet consensus, which called for a 4.1% increase. Shares closed up 1.8% on Friday. The numbers show that Costco’s core business is solid, Stifel wrote, with a business model that’s flexible enough to provide an advantage against other retailers. “We also think the results indicate Costco can coexist with large hardline competitors like Walmart WMT, -0.23% and have limited cannibalization from Amazon AMZN, +0.24%  ,” the Stifel note read. That’s consistent, according to Stifel, with its proprietary consumer-spending survey, which it said showed the overlap between Costco and Amazon Prime membership, while large, is “less cannibalistic than for other retailers.” Stifel rates Costco shares buy with a $191 price target, lifted from $185. See: Where do you get better deals, Costco or Amazon? Also: Costco versus Amazon Prime — which membership offers more value? Not only did Costco post better-than-expected third-quarter earnings, but Susquehanna Financial Group said it believes the company has positive catalysts on the horizon, such as a membership-fee increase, earnings accretion from its Visa V, -0.39% card, and anticipated food-price inflation. “With over half of sales in food (which continues to be Amazon-resistant), and the most compelling value proposition in retail, Costco has a strong defensible positioning and remains one of the only retail growth stories in our universe with about 4% square footage growth through both domestic and international store development,” Susquehanna analysts wrote in a Friday note. In various sales metrics, Costco’s results bested both Wal-Mart and Target Corp. TGT, +0.37%  , which is viewed as significant by Susquehanna’s analysts. Even Wal-Mart was “not able to post positive ticket in the quarter,” according to the analysts. The big-box behemoth posted traffic growth of 1.5% and a 0.1% decline in the value of the average transaction, according to Susquehanna, which added that Target had seen comparable-store sales decline 1.3%, alongside decreases of 0.8% in traffic and 0.6% in “average ticket.” Susquehanna rates Costco shares positive with a price target of $205, up from $195. Don’t miss: Every time this happens, Amazon crushes another legacy retailer Also: This is how Best Buy gets so many of its customers to come into its stores In the Cowen & Co. view, there’s one area where Costco can improve: e-commerce. Oliver Chen said it will be necessary for the long-term health of the business. “While we do believe Costco remains strong merchants and consistently delivers a great in-store experience and treasure-hunt atmosphere, we believe the retailer should intensify focus on e-commerce to fortify its business for long-term success and sustain industry-leading traffic and comps growth,” the latest note said. Read: Germany’s Lidl to open its first U.S. stores in June, create 5,000 jobs Costco reported 11% e-commerce sales growth, while Wal-Mart reported 63% online sales growth, and Target’s online sales growth was 22%. Cowen & Co. rates Costco shares outperform with a $190 price target. Costco shares are up 18.8% over the past year, while the S&P 500 index SPX, +0.03% is up 15.6% for the period. More from MarketWatch Lingerie maker Nubian Skin brings nuance to the underwear color ‘nude’ When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen Hollywood is running out of hit ’80s movies to reboot Related Topics U.S. Stocks Markets Investing Quote References COST +3.13 +1.79% WMT -0.18 -0.23% AMZN +2.40 +0.24% V -0.37 -0.39% TGT +0.20 +0.37% SPX +0.75 +0.03% Show all references Most Popular Why one hedge-fund titan is bracing for ‘all hell to break lose’ in the stock market Hollywood is running out of hit ’80s movies to reboot When Bill Gates and Mark Zuckerberg sound the same dire warning about jobs, it’s time to listen It’s time to plan an escape route, for you and your money, from Trumpland 'Alien: Covenant': How the Prequel Sequel Fits Into Franchise Timeline Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. MarketWatch Partner Center Tonya Garcia Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real-time last sale data for U.S. stock quotes reflect trades reported through Nasdaq only. Intraday data delayed at least 15 minutes or per exchange requirements. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Costco Wholesale Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: COST $177.86 +3.13 (+1.79%) Volume 4.4M Open $180.25 High $180.34 Low $177.52 P/E Ratio 30.82 Div Yield 1.12 Market Cap 76.7B Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $78.13 -0.18 (-0.23%) Volume 6.0M Open $78.37 High $78.54 Low $77.79 P/E Ratio 17.72 Div Yield 2.61 Market Cap 237.4B Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $995.78 +2.40 (+0.24%) Volume 3.4M Open $995.00 High $998.65 Low $989.25 P/E Ratio 187.38 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 474.8B VISA Inc. Cl A U.S.: NYSE: V $94.67 -0.37 (-0.39%) Volume 4.0M Open $95.00 High $95.12 Low $94.39 P/E Ratio 48.65 Div Yield 0.7 Market Cap 219.3B Target Corp. U.S.: NYSE: TGT $54.40 +0.20 (+0.37%) Volume 3.7M Open $54.35 High $54.55 Low $53.93 P/E Ratio 11.1 Div Yield 4.41 Market Cap 29.9B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,415.82 +0.75 (+0.03%) Volume 1.5B Open 2,415 High 2,417 Low 2,412 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A
Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Freebie Friday: Memorial Day freebies; deals at Rapids, Zoo Miami; and free Teavana iced tea Here’s 10 wet and wild ways to save on summer fun, not only during Memorial Day weekend, but through August. Here’s 10 wet and wild ways to save on summer fun, not only during Memorial Day weekend, but through August. Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Freebie Friday: The Memorial Day weekend edition. Privacy Policy Happy Freebie Friday! As we get ready for a three-day holiday weekend, today's roundup salutes our military heroes on Memorial Day. My list of Memorial Day deals features more than 35 freebies and savings for vets, soldiers and civilians with offers at Rapids Water Park, Zoo Miami, Jungle Island and Butterfly World. Also, the school year is coming to a close, so check out my roundups of 50 free and cheap ways to have summer fun, and of free Orlando theme park tickets and hotel deals just for teachers. This is a BIG shopping weekend, so I've got a long list of retail coupons good at Memorial Day sales, too. Have a great long weekend and keep on saving! Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus; sign up for my Freebie Friday Newsletter. FREEBIES Freebies and deals for Memorial Day weekend Free iced tea at Teavana stores from 3-7 p.m. Friday Free entry in June at Rapids Water Park with purchase of ticket on Saturday-Monday Free Orlando theme park tickets and hotel deals just for teachers Free swim lessons for children in Broward and Palm Beach counties Free museum visits for military families with Blue Star Museum Program Free and discounted movies for military families with Blue Star Theater Program Free meals with furniture purchase at IKEA on Saturday-Monday Doreen Christensen A record number of Florida travelers are planning Memorial Day weekend getaways this year. Thanks to higher wages and lower gas prices, more than 2.08 million Floridians are expected to travel, the largest number in 12 years, according to a AAA holiday travel forecast. Fuel prices averaged $2.34... A record number of Florida travelers are planning Memorial Day weekend getaways this year. Thanks to higher wages and lower gas prices, more than 2.08 million Floridians are expected to travel, the largest number in 12 years, according to a AAA holiday travel forecast. Fuel prices averaged $2.34... (Doreen Christensen) Free custom Disney Family cling decal Free 90-day membership at BJ's Wholesale Club Free appetizer at BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse; expires June 17 Free entry for vets, military, and first responders and staff with ID (offer includes half-off for 4 family members) at Miami Seaquarium; through Monday Free National Parks Military Pass with ID Free entry for vets with ID, half-off for 4 family members at Jungle Island on Monday Free book for kids with Barnes & Noble summer reading program Free admission for veterans, military, fire, police and EMT at Zoo Miami, half-off for 6 family members, through June 2 Free rewards cards at Macy's; expires Monday Free $10 gift cards with $20 purchase at Publix; expires July 31 Free 8-by-10 traditional portrait sheet for military families at JC Penney; expires July 11 Free tickets for military families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Free gift cards for joining Costco Wholesale; expires Wednesday Doreen Christensen Beat the summer heat and help young children stay safe with free swim lessons offered in Broward and Palm Beach counties. In Broward County, sign up at WaterSmartBroward.org  to get a coupon by mail good for the free lessons for children aged 6 months to 4 years. The site lists vendors offering... Beat the summer heat and help young children stay safe with free swim lessons offered in Broward and Palm Beach counties. In Broward County, sign up at WaterSmartBroward.org  to get a coupon by mail good for the free lessons for children aged 6 months to 4 years. The site lists vendors offering... (Doreen Christensen) Free entry for up to 4 at Frost Science Museum, Vizcaya, other museums with Miami-Dade library card Free entry, discounts at 25 museums for Miami Museum Month Free Summer Savings Card offers BOGO deals at 65+ attractions, restaurants Free entree with purchase at Moe's Southwest Grill; expires Sunday Free waxing at European Wax Center Free $5 gift card instantly with purchase of P&G products at Publix Free Sawgrass Mills coupon books with hundreds in savings Free samples of Starbucks K-Cups Free bowling games from GoBowling.com Free samples of Nexcare bandages Free Frozen Custard Concrete with purchase at Sonic Drive-in Free bottle of Nestea Free SiriusXM radio preview, includes new Beatles Channel   Free tarp, tape measure or fly swatter at Harbor Freight Tools; expires Monday Free $10 gift cards with Publix rewards programs Freebies, discounts on tickets for Miami Marlins  Free kids' meals at IHOP Free extra 3 months of Google Express with code GETDELIVERY Free Kind Bar for your friends Free $10 or $20 Nordstrom gift card with rewards/credit card signup; expires July 9 Free sample of TRESemme shampoo Free drinks, side items at Steak 'n Shake; expires June 11 Free movie tickets from AT&T at Cinemark, AMC and Regal Doreen Christensen It's been a long school year and hard-working teachers have earned some fun as school lets out and summer kicks off. Teachers planning upcoming Memorial Day weekend getaways or summer vacations can use their school IDs to get free entry at several Orlando theme parks and attractions, and save on... It's been a long school year and hard-working teachers have earned some fun as school lets out and summer kicks off. Teachers planning upcoming Memorial Day weekend getaways or summer vacations can use their school IDs to get free entry at several Orlando theme parks and attractions, and save on... (Doreen Christensen) Free movie screening of "Megan Leavey" for military on Tuesday from AT&T Thanks Free sample of Chanel N°5 L’EAU Free sunglasses with Skittles purchase; expires June 27 Free water bottle, cinch sack from Jolly Time Popcorn Free burger with text signup at Checkers  Free spring Walmart Beauty Box with $5 shipping Free movie ticket from General Mills cereal; expires Oct. 31 Free Noosa yogurt Free 4-inch sub with app download at Quiznos Free side salad with app download at Blaze Fast Fire'd Pizza Free entree with purchase at P.F. Chang's Free queso and burrito at Moe's Southwest Grill Doreen Christensen Create a free custom cling decal of your family from Disney World. "Build Your Disney Family" by creating a stick-figure family dressed in Disney outfits to appear on the artwork that sticks to a car or window. Pick a different character for each family member, including pets, and dress them in... Create a free custom cling decal of your family from Disney World. "Build Your Disney Family" by creating a stick-figure family dressed in Disney outfits to appear on the artwork that sticks to a car or window. Pick a different character for each family member, including pets, and dress them in... (Doreen Christensen) Free lipstick from Mac Cosmetics Free $7.99 Schwarzkopf Gliss hair repair product; expires Dec. 31 Free Schwarzkopf hair color product; expires Dec. 31 Free sample of Albolene Eye Makeup Remover Free Salonpas pain relief patches Free concert tickets from Ticketmaster.com Free tickets, discounts to stage performances from GoldStar.com Free 1-hour GoGo In-Flight Wi-Fi, texting for T-Mobile customers Free ice cream cone from Baskin-Robbins by texting SCOOP to 31310 Free pet exam at VCA Animal Hospital Free eats and dining discounts from AARP Free facial at Aveda retail stores Free $49 Amazon Prime Student membership for college kids Free 30-day trial of Amazon Prime Video Free Oxy On-The-Go Acne Stick rebate; expires Oct. 31 Free Red Bull Energy Drink at Walgreens; expires June 14 Free Right-Guard Antiperspirant rebate; expires June 15 Free 1 month of service or free $150 Apple TV from DirecTV Now Free $50 Roku Streaming Stick from SlingTV Free 30-day trial of HBO, Cinemax from Amazon Prime Free $20 parenting book from Publix Baby Club Free Consumer Action Handbook from USA.gov Free 6-inch sub with purchase at Subway, with signup Free Redbox DVD rental by texting FREEBIE to 727272 Free Angie's List membership Free 12-month Lego Club magazine for kids Free lens cloth and glass cleaner from Wal-Mart Vision Centers Free game tokens from Chuck E. Cheese's e-Club Free 1,200 photo prints per year with free Snapfish mobile app Doreen Christensen Macy's shoppers can earn free Macy's Money reward cards through Memorial Day, The department store chain has updated the program, which offers $5 in free rewards cards with each $25 purchase. Shoppers can earn up to $200 in free Macy's Money in a single transaction through May 29. Rewards may be... Macy's shoppers can earn free Macy's Money reward cards through Memorial Day, The department store chain has updated the program, which offers $5 in free rewards cards with each $25 purchase. Shoppers can earn up to $200 in free Macy's Money in a single transaction through May 29. Rewards may be... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL COUPONS & DEALS $10 off at Kohl's; expires Monday 20 percent off and free rewards at Macy's; expires Monday $10 off at JC Penney; expires Monday $10 off at Stein Mart; expires Monday $10 off at Beall's Florida; expires Saturday 10 percent off for vets with ID at The Home Depot and Lowe's; expires Monday 40 percent off at Michaels $25 off furniture purchase at IKEA $5 off mobile coupon at The Home Depot 20 percent off at Ulta Beauty; expires June 3 20 percent off at Harbor Freight Tools; expires Sunday  20 percent off at Lord & Taylor; expires Monday $20 off at HSN using Visa Checkout 20 percent off at Jo-Ann Fabric; expires Saturday  $200 credit at AT&T with smartphone trade toward Galaxy S8 or S8+; expires Wednesday Earn 125 Starbucks stars with purchase of K-Cups and bottled drinks 50 percent off two Uber rides from Chase $5 off at BJ's Wholesale Club with free membership; expires July 31 $10 off at Lane Bryant by texting MOBILE to 552255 $20 off at Festival Flea Market Mall; expires Wednesday $10 off grocery pickup service at Wal-Mart 20 percent off at Bed, Bath and Beyond Walgreens paperless coupons Costco Wholesale coupons  Target Cartwheel coupons with app download Whole Foods Market app digital coupons Doreen Christensen Just in time for Memorial Day parties and picnics, get free $10 gift cards at Publix. Stock up for summer and snag up to three free $10 gift cards with each $20 purchase of Conagra Brand foods. There are 490 participating products to choose from, including Hunt's Ketchup, Hebrew National, Peter... Just in time for Memorial Day parties and picnics, get free $10 gift cards at Publix. Stock up for summer and snag up to three free $10 gift cards with each $20 purchase of Conagra Brand foods. There are 490 participating products to choose from, including Hunt's Ketchup, Hebrew National, Peter... (Doreen Christensen) CONSUMER NEWS How to stop annoying robocalls 7 hacks to get free flights and avoid fees on Spirit Airlines Amazon offers free shipping with $25 purchase Target raises free shipping rate by $10 Retail Roundup: Macy's Outlet, Benefit Brow Bars, H&M now open Groupon trade-in offer for Groupon Bucks Trader Joe's tops Publix in Consumer Reports grocery store survey Bust dirt and grime with DIY green cleaning products Wal-Mart offers pickup discounts with online orders How to easily save energy to lower FPL power bills Palm Beach socialite shares thrift-store shopping secrets Spring and summer travel: How to get the cheapest deals on airfare Wawa opens three South Florida locations Winn-Dixie replaces Fuelperks! with Plenti rewards AmazonFresh delivering fresh groceries to South Florida doorsteps Comparing unlimited data plans from the "Big Four" carriers Verizon offers unlimited data plan Earn gift cards galore with Publix rewards programs News for cable and satellite TV cord cutters How to save $1,400 with the 52-Week Money Challenge Sip craft brews and wine while shopping for organics at Lucky's Market How to protect yourself from identity theft while shopping online Save on cosmetics with drug store swaps, beauty hacks Save big bucks on groceries at Aldi Expert rates Trader Joe's, Whole Foods cheap wines Free two-day shipping from Wal-Mart on millions of items Doreen Christensen The Blue Star Museum program kicks off on Memorial Day, offering soldiers and their families free visits to museums and gardens. The program, in its eighth year, offers free entry at more than 2,000 U.S. museums, art centers and botanical gardens for active duty, National Guard and Reserve military... The Blue Star Museum program kicks off on Memorial Day, offering soldiers and their families free visits to museums and gardens. The program, in its eighth year, offers free entry at more than 2,000 U.S. museums, art centers and botanical gardens for active duty, National Guard and Reserve military... (Doreen Christensen) DINING DEALS & COUPONS Arby's: Free classic roast beef sandwich with purchase Checkers: Free burger with text signup Dunkin' Donuts: Free beverage with rewards signup Denny's: 15 percent off with AARP card Denny's: 20 percent off entire check; expires Monday Friendly's: Free scoop and 25 percent off with rewards signup HoneyBaked Ham: Free Classic Ham sandwich Hooters: Free meals for vets, military with ID on Monday IKEA: Free meals with furniture purchase on Saturday-Monday Johnny Rockets: Free hamburgers and movie discounts Krispy Kreme: BOGO doughnuts on Tuesdays Moe's Southwest Grill: Free queso and burrito Moe's Southwest Grill: Free entree with purchase; expires Sunday Outback Steakhouse: 15 percent off for military families; expires July 4 Outback Steakhouse: 10 percent off with AARP card Panera Bread: Free pastry with rewards signup P.F. Chang's: Free entree with purchase, with email signup Quiznos: Free sub with download of Toasty Points loyalty app Sonic Drive-in: Free Frozen Custard Concrete with purchase; expires Wednesday Steak 'n Shake: Free drinks, side items and coupons; expires June 11 Teavana: Free 24-ounce iced tea from 3-7 p.m. Friday Texas de Brazil: 50 percent off dinner for military on Monday T.G.I. Friday's: All-you-can-eat appetizers Doreen Christensen Use a coupon to get a free appetizer with purchase at BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse. The offer's good on your choice of nearly 20 starters, including Root Beer Glazed Ribs, Avocado Egg Rolls and Ahi Poke, when you make a $9.95 food purchase. There are some exclusions. The chain features 120 menu... Use a coupon to get a free appetizer with purchase at BJ's Restaurant and Brewhouse. The offer's good on your choice of nearly 20 starters, including Root Beer Glazed Ribs, Avocado Egg Rolls and Ahi Poke, when you make a $9.95 food purchase. There are some exclusions. The chain features 120 menu... (Doreen Christensen) FREE AND DISCOUNTED THINGS TO DO 50 free and cheap ways to have summer sun Free museum visits for military families with Blue Star Museum Program Free, discounted movies for military families with Blue Star Theater Program Free entry for vets, military, and first responders and staff with ID (offer includes half-off for 4 family members) at Miami Seaquarium; through Monday Free National Parks Military Pass for military and families with ID $10 off admission for veterans and active duty military at Butterfly World on Monday Free entry for vets with ID, half-off for 4 family members at Jungle Island on Monday Free admission for veterans, military, fire, police and EMT at Zoo Miami and half-off for up to 6 family members, through June 2 Free entry for up to 4 at Frost Science Museum with Miami-Dade library card Free entry, discounts at 25 museums for Miami Museum Month Free Summer Savings Card offers BOGO deals at 65 attractions, restaurants Freebies, discounts on tickets for Miami Marlins Unlimited trips to 4 attractions with Summer Savings Pass Unlimited visits to 5 attractions with South Florida Adventure Pass Free bowling games from GoBowling.com Free workshops at The Home Depot on Saturdays-Sundays Free guitar classes at Guitar Center on Saturdays Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com 25 percent off Regal e-movie tickets with AARP card Free and discounted tickets to performances from Goldstar.com Free entry for fourth-graders, families at U.S. National Parks Free classes and events at American Girl stores Free cooking classes at Williams Sonoma stores Memorial Day weekend officially kicks off summer, so let's get the party started with some free and cheap fun in and out of the South Florida sun. Here’s 50 wet and wild ways to save all summer long. Click here to see a video. (Doreen Christensen) TRAVEL DEALS, THEME PARK SAVINGS Just for teachers: Orlando theme park tickets and hotel deals Spring and summer travel: How to get the cheapest deals on airfare 4 days for $209 plus tax for military and spouses with ID at Disney World Florida resident deal: 3 days for $139 at Disney World Hotel, travel discounts from Convention & Visitor Bureaus in 100 cities Free admission, discounts at Universal, Busch Gardens, Disney Spring savings from Discover the Palm Beaches Freebies and deals for Florida residents from Sunny.org Special offers, deals and discounts at Disney World Ticket savings, hotel deals for military at Disney World Free tickets for military and families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Memorial Day is May 26, 2017. All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 81°

Home Weather 83° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Recipes Your Take Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Students survive 48 hours in Walmart without going insane or getting arrested Justin L. Mack, The Indianapolis Star , TEGNA 7:42 PM. MST May 25, 2017 Photo: Christian Perry CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST INDIANAPOLIS - How long did it take Indiana University students Christian Perry and Noah Maxwell to grow tired of the Walmart atmosphere as they embarked on a journey to spend two consecutive days in the ubiquitous big-box store? "About 35 minutes in because I was already getting sick of it," Perry said with a laugh. "I started really listening to the music and realized that it's just non-stop. And then the lighting and everything. ... I was starting to lose my mind. After a little bit you get into this state where you just feel out of it." But still, the two Southport High School graduates and Indianapolis natives soldiered on. And they did so in the name of YouTube comedy. Together, Perry, an IU junior studying liberal studies, and Maxwell, a senior studying media, produce The Christian and Noah Show on YouTube. They upload shows on Mondays and Thursdays, and in their two months of posting clips online, the pair has attracted 333 subscribers. Previous videos include clips like "Two Dumb Millennials Catch a Giant Fish," "Don't Ever Rob a Canadian" and "Visit to Abandoned Warehouse Goes Wrong." So far, their visit to Walmart is their biggest hit to date, bringing in more than 6,100 views in five days. It's also a spiritual sequel of a video Maxwell uploaded in May 2016 when he spent 24 hours in Walmart by himself. That 13-minute clip has generated more than 370,000 views. As far as why they decided to give it a go, Perry said it was a combination of curiosity and frustration with others who take the challenge. "You'll see other challenges and stuff, and some people have done it with the 24 hours, but they don't show proof with like a timer or anything ... we decided on 48 hours and to make it legit," he said. "I would say it was a blast, but it really wasn't." From there, they did what they could to make their time inside Walmart enjoyable. They played every game in the electronics section and arcade. They read books and product labels. They listened to podcasts and attracted dirty looks from security. "We quickly realized if we buy stuff like every three hours, they can't really say anything to us because we're customers. So we spent a lot of money in there," Perry said. "I bought a bunch of gum and Noah kept buying food. ... We ate at the Subway in the store. We even got haircuts at the salon." For rest, they made a fort in the toilet paper section and tried to get some sleep. But Perry said the highlight for him was some alone time in the Walmart bathroom. "At one point I just went in there and sat down on the toilet for like an hour. It was the only place that was quiet and away from the lights," he said. "It was probably the best time I had." At the end of their adventure, the only Walmart staff member they told about their two-day stay was the greeter working when they left. The man at the front door didn't really react to the news as he shook Perry's hand. Instead, the greeter began singing the folk song Man of Constant Sorrow, made popular to younger generations because of the movie O Brother, Where Art Thou. Perry joined him, making the performance a duet. Perry said most people who see the clip still can't wrap their minds around the idea of spending that much time in a Walmart, and he says he doesn't plan on stepping foot inside one of the stores again in a very long time. But in the end, Perry, a former star running back at Southport High, said it was all about bringing a few laughs to whoever sees it. They plan to move to Los Angeles when school is over to continue writing, performing and sharing comedy with the world. "I actually just stopped with football because this is my passion," he said. "Making people laugh is something we both love to do. It just takes people away from their problems." Follow Justin L. Mack on Twitter: @justinlmack © 2017 USATODAY.COM CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Comicon suspect makes initial court appearance Phoenix Comicon gunman planned police attack Crack those sneaky teen texting codes Gary Pierce accused of accepting bribes Phoenix growing faster than any other city San Tan teen who was once in a coma, graduates from high school Prescott mother missing, husband arrested Thief posing as police officer robs man Massive Highway 1 rockslide in Big Sur, California ADOT is lowering I-17 speed limits for Memorial Day weekend More Stories Phoenix Comicon suspect said things would get… May 26, 2017, 7:36 a.m. Arizona's Most Wanted: Unknown armed robber May 26, 2017, 9:20 p.m. Vehicle fire caused more than 15 miles of backup on… May 26, 2017, 2:56 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather 7 Day Forecast Health Detail Weather Alerts Closings & Delays Location Search Conditions More... Radars Skycams Talking Weather Weather Kid Monsoon Daily Forecast E-mails More Weather Local Valley Arizona Politics National Politics Watchdog Call 12 For Action More... Money Sunday Square Off More Local Charlie Foxtrot Marijuana Side Effects Spanish Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Arizona's Most Wanted Nation Now Traffic Gas Buddy Sports High School Sports Friday Night Fever NFL & Cardinals Olympics NBA & Suns MLB & Diamondbacks More... College & ASU NHL & Coyotes More Sports NCAA Basketball Tournament Super Bowl Features Community Contests Arizona Midday Wednesday's Child Blogs 12 Who Care More... Health Check 12 Real Men Wear Gowns AZ Healthy Skin Recipes The Pull List Water Safety Magnify Money Dollars & Sense More Features Oscars Arizona Revealed Entertainment All-Star Kids Arizona Highways TV TD Jakes Dark Skies Over Arizona Your Voice Great Arizona Stories Instagram Turkey Tuesday Ways to Save Thankful Norad Santa Tracker Grammys Ask the Expert Eclipse About Meet The Team Join Our Team Contact 12 News Advertise with Us TV Listings NBC Shows More... Connect With Us Closed Captioning Procedures Terms Privacy RSS Justice Network FAQ Call For Action Ad Choices Community Rules FCC Public Inspection File Conversation Guidelines Newsletters More About Whats On NBC Survey Text Alerts © 2017 KPNX-TV Services Advertise With Us 12News Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners NBC Cars.com Phoenix Career Builder Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News S Robson Walton Sells 1,254,984 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock Amica Mutual Insurance Co. Maintains Position in TJX Companies Inc (TJX) State Treasurer State of Michigan Boosts Stake in Superior Energy Services, Inc. (SPN) ING Groep NV Reduces Position in PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) Stryker Co. (SYK) Stake Decreased by APG Asset Management N.V. S Robson Walton Sells 1,321,340 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock Credit Opportunit Bluemountain Sells 18,160,007 Shares of Eastman Kodak Company Common New (KODK) Stock Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Position Held by Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. Becton Dickinson and Co (BDX) Shares Sold by WASHINGTON TRUST Co State Treasurer State of Michigan Has $899,000 Stake in Commercial Metals Company (CMC) Andrew John Day Sells 500,000 Shares of Keywords Studios PLC (KWS) Stock Wheatland Advisors Inc. Lowers Position in Phillips 66 (PSX) Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Takes Position in Banco Macro SA (BMA) Elbit Systems Ltd (ESLT) Shares Sold by LSV Asset Management Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Sells 2,000 Shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (EDU) Eaton Vance Corp (EV) Price Target Increased to $45.00 by Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Raises Position in Tyler Technologies, Inc. (TYL) Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Acquires 13,640 Shares of Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (BRCD) Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Acquires 1,599 Shares of Childrens Place Inc (PLCE) IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research S Robson Walton Sells 1,321,340 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock May 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) Director S Robson Walton sold 1,321,340 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction that occurred on Monday, May 22nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.61, for a total transaction of $103,870,537.40. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available through this hyperlink. S Robson Walton also recently made the following trade(s): On Tuesday, May 23rd, S Robson Walton sold 1,254,984 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.69, for a total transaction of $98,754,690.96. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 78.31 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average of $75.47 and a 200 day moving average of $71.14. The stock has a market capitalization of $237.67 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 17.78 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12-month low of $65.28 and a 12-month high of $79.44. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 EPS for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. The business had revenue of $116.53 billion during the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $117.01 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The business’s revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. During the same period in the previous year, the business earned $0.98 earnings per share. Analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 earnings per share for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION WARNING: This piece was published by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this piece on another publication, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US & international copyright and trademark legislation. The correct version of this piece can be read at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/26/s-robson-walton-sells-1321340-shares-of-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-stock.html. WMT has been the topic of several research reports. Bank of America Corp reissued a “buy” rating and set a $88.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, March 14th. Vetr raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.31 target price on the stock in a research note on Monday, March 27th. KeyCorp reaffirmed an “overweight” rating and issued a $90.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, April 19th. Royal Bank of Canada reaffirmed a “sell” rating and issued a $67.00 target price on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, May 2nd. Finally, Wells Fargo & Co reaffirmed a “market perform” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Thursday, January 26th. Three equities research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have issued a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the stock. Wal-Mart Stores has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $78.15. Hedge funds have recently bought and sold shares of the stock. Vanguard Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 3.1% in the first quarter. Vanguard Group Inc. now owns 105,233,311 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $7,585,217,000 after buying an additional 3,196,912 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Inc. raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 1,866.4% in the first quarter. BlackRock Inc. now owns 91,133,379 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $6,568,893,000 after buying an additional 86,498,829 shares during the period. State Street Corp raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 1.2% in the first quarter. State Street Corp now owns 73,568,236 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $5,303,013,000 after buying an additional 854,010 shares during the period. Dodge & Cox bought a new position in Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth $1,503,922,000. Finally, Geode Capital Management LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 8.0% in the first quarter. Geode Capital Management LLC now owns 15,369,668 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $1,106,330,000 after buying an additional 1,137,828 shares during the period. Institutional investors and hedge funds own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News S Robson Walton Sells 1,254,984 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock Amica Mutual Insurance Co. Maintains Position in TJX Companies Inc (TJX) State Treasurer State of Michigan Boosts Stake in Superior Energy Services, Inc. (SPN) ING Groep NV Reduces Position in PNC Financial Services Group Inc (PNC) Stryker Co. (SYK) Stake Decreased by APG Asset Management N.V. S Robson Walton Sells 1,321,340 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock Credit Opportunit Bluemountain Sells 18,160,007 Shares of Eastman Kodak Company Common New (KODK) Stock Dominion Resources, Inc. (D) Position Held by Riggs Asset Managment Co. Inc. Becton Dickinson and Co (BDX) Shares Sold by WASHINGTON TRUST Co State Treasurer State of Michigan Has $899,000 Stake in Commercial Metals Company (CMC) Andrew John Day Sells 500,000 Shares of Keywords Studios PLC (KWS) Stock Wheatland Advisors Inc. Lowers Position in Phillips 66 (PSX) Sumitomo Mitsui Trust Holdings Inc. Takes Position in Banco Macro SA (BMA) Elbit Systems Ltd (ESLT) Shares Sold by LSV Asset Management Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Sells 2,000 Shares of New Oriental Education & Tech Grp (EDU) Eaton Vance Corp (EV) Price Target Increased to $45.00 by Analysts at Jefferies Group LLC Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Raises Position in Tyler Technologies, Inc. (TYL) Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Acquires 13,640 Shares of Brocade Communications Systems, Inc. (BRCD) Great West Life Assurance Co. Can Acquires 1,599 Shares of Childrens Place Inc (PLCE) IDEXX Laboratories, Inc. (IDXX) Upgraded to Buy at Zacks Investment Research S Robson Walton Sells 1,254,984 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Stock May 26th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Latisha Jones Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) Director S Robson Walton sold 1,254,984 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction dated Tuesday, May 23rd. The stock was sold at an average price of $78.69, for a total value of $98,754,690.96. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is accessible through the SEC website. S Robson Walton also recently made the following trade(s): On Monday, May 22nd, S Robson Walton sold 1,321,340 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock. The shares were sold at an average price of $78.61, for a total value of $103,870,537.40. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 78.31 on Friday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $75.47 and a 200-day moving average price of $71.14. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 52 week low of $65.28 and a 52 week high of $79.44. The firm has a market capitalization of $237.67 billion, a P/E ratio of 17.78 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings results on Thursday, May 18th. The retailer reported $1.00 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.04. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The firm had revenue of $116.53 billion during the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $117.01 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business posted $0.98 earnings per share. The company’s quarterly revenue was up 1.3% compared to the same quarter last year. Equities analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.36 EPS for the current year. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: This article was originally posted by Daily Political and is the sole property of of Daily Political. If you are accessing this article on another site, it was illegally stolen and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright and trademark laws. The legal version of this article can be accessed at https://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/26/s-robson-walton-sells-1254984-shares-of-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-stock.html. A number of research analysts have recently commented on WMT shares. Wells Fargo & Co reiterated a “market perform” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Thursday, January 26th. Vetr downgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating and set a $69.26 price objective on the stock. in a report on Tuesday, January 31st. Sanford C. Bernstein started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Monday, February 6th. They issued a “market perform” rating and a $75.00 price objective on the stock. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, February 10th. They issued a “positive” rating and a $80.00 price objective on the stock. Finally, Buckingham Research reiterated a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Tuesday, February 14th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have given a hold rating and thirteen have given a buy rating to the company’s stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average target price of $78.15. Hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently bought and sold shares of the company. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. purchased a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at $104,000. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 89.2% in the first quarter. TrimTabs Asset Management LLC now owns 1,476 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 696 shares during the last quarter. Glassman Wealth Services raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 68.3% in the first quarter. Glassman Wealth Services now owns 1,471 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $106,000 after buying an additional 597 shares during the last quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 1,511 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 6,777.8% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 114,171 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $114,000 after buying an additional 112,511 shares during the last quarter. 29.69% of the stock is owned by hedge funds and other institutional investors. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News President Trump Welcomed by Pope Francis at Vatican President Trump Visits Israel for First Time as U.S. President President Donald Trump: Russia Investigation is Just a Witch Hunt Former Nixon and Clinton Aide Said Impeachment Territory Reached Charlottesville Mayor: Pro-Confederate Rallies are Horrific © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Latest Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip Things to Do TV Movies Arts Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Health Biz Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business Investing Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — Suzette Parmley Why retail is not dead, say experts at Las Vegas gathering Updated: May 26, 2017 — 3:01 AM EDT Facebook icon 0Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Poconos ski resort sells for a bargain May 26 - 7:25 PM Springsteen goes to Wildwood, becomes boardwalk attraction May 26 - 12:45 PM Shopping Cart icon Buy Photo DAVID BECKER / For the Philadelphia Inquirer Attendees gather at the JLL booth during RECon at the Las Vegas Convention Center Monday, May 22, 2017, in Las Vegas. RECon is the largest retail real estate convention with more than 37,000 attendees representing 58 countries. by Suzette Parmley, STAFF WRITER Twitter icon @SuzParmley | Mail icon sparmley@phillynews.com Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @SuzParmley     Suzette Parmley Staff Writer Suzette Parmley is the retail reporter. She began her career at the Inquirer after internships at the Los Angeles Times and Boston Globe. She has covered general assignment news on the city desk, Statehouse politics in Trenton, and the casino industry on the Business desk. Her career highlight was spending nearly a month in Asia covering the booming gaming industry there in 2009, where she crossed the South China Sea from Hong Kong to Macau on a ferry. More by Suzette Parmley Why retail is not dead, say experts at Las Vegas gathering May 24 goPuff, the 'Wawa on Wheels' start-up, is doubling its delivery zone in Northeast Philly May 25 His Shore Starbucks have outlasted casinos and hurricanes May 18 More from Suzette Parmley Arrow icon LAS VEGAS —  In the 1990s, the mantra for retail stores was much like the one from the baseball movie Field of Dreams: If you build it, they will come. Slideshow Why retail is not dead, say experts at Las Vegas gathering Advertisment of Gallery: Facebook icon Twitter icon Pinterest Mail icon Consumers, hungry for new product and a convenient place to shop, did just that. And a large footprint symbolized profitability and success for retailers. “It was about building shops and filling them with as much product as possible, and getting people to buy as quickly as possible and leave,” said Ross Bailey, CEO and founder of New York-based Appear Here, which rents space to pop-up stores. Bailey moderated a panel at the International Council of Shopping Centers’ RECon confab here last week, called “The Anna Wintour Effect: Why Landlords Need to Think More Like Editors.” That means edit out the losers.  RECon, considered the largest retail real estate gathering of its kind,  attracted more than 37,000 mall owners, developers, retailers, and brokers, among others, from 58 countries for three days of networking and deal-making. The message this year was clear: Retail isn’t dying, but evolving, and those that fail to invest online are being pushed aside or off the cliff. Some of retail’s biggest names are caught in an online race to keep up with the e-commerce competition that includes Amazon. Several are reducing their footprint to have a more agile fleet to react quicker to changes in consumer demand. Target chief executive officer Brian Cornell announced this year that his company was investing $7 billion over the next three years in digital and supply-chain enhancements. The company has hired more than 1,000 engineers over the last two years and launched a revamped Target.com last year. “We’re putting digital first and evolving our stores, digital channels, and supply chain to work together as a smart network that delivers on everything guests love about Target,” Cornell said. The effort is paying off. Last year marked the third straight year of close to 30 percent gain in annual online sales growth. The brand with the largest store count in the United States, Walmart, is also mounting a full-court press online. “We’re being pretty active. We’re behind and we’re trying to catch up,” Marc Lore, CEO and president of Walmart eCommerce U.S.,  said in March during the Re/Code Technology Conference here. He was addressing the company’s acquisitions of online companies jet.com, shoebuy.com, and modcloth.com over the last year. Lore used to work for Amazon until Walmart lured him away eight months ago. “We’re buying time,” he said. The giant retailer can buy in mass quantities and deliver truckloads of product from a central warehouse to more than 4,000 stores fast and efficiently, which “can’t be underestimated,” Lore said. It’s why warehouses and distribution centers are getting attention, as supply-chain logistics – moving product from warehouse to store to a customer's front door — is taking center stage even though it's known as the back end of retail. “The pendulum has shifted” to logistics, said Adam Mullen, senior managing director of industrial and logistics in the Americas for commercial real estate firm CBRE Inc., which for the first time dedicated a room for the supply chain in its 12,800-square-foot RECon booth.  Mullen said at this year's event that he saw a 50 percent jump in the number of retailers and developers asking how to build a distribution network to meet online demand. “It was a revolving door,” Mullen said. “About 15 years ago, the thought among retailers was to have an empty warehouse and stores full of stuff. That’s reversed. Now they want these warehouses to be full and high tech to react more quickly. The supply chain is now viewed as a competitive weapon and not a necessary evil."  Melina Cordero, CBRE's head of retail research in the Americas, who was seated at the same table, said: “That’s what has pushed many retailers over the edge,” referring to the slew of recent bankruptcies. Teen apparel retailer Rue 21 filed for Chapter 11 on May 15, and plans to shut roughly 400 stores to focus on online sales. “It’s the final nail," Cordero said.  "With the shift, their in-store sales have dried up, and they can’t make the investments to adapt to the new marketplace.” Amazon is seen as contributing to the demise of the traditional bookstore. Yet the e-commerce giant will soon open its seventh bookstore, in Midtown Manhattan. The online race is spawning new tools. At RECon, Pitney Bowes principal/consultant Bill McKeogh demonstrated the company's new Geo Insight Platform, which uses digital analytics to help retailers  better understand customers and targeted markets. On an LED screen on Monday, he punched up a map of Center City Philadelphia that highlighted the Market East section. The Geo platform showed potential market penetration and annual sales after adding a dot to represent a new store.  “It’s about risk mitigation,” McKeogh said of the tool. “There’s very little wiggle room for retailers to make a mistake these days. About half of those I’m meeting with want to close stores, and those that are expanding have become much more strategic." Lease restructuring specialist Andrew Couch at real estate firm JLL calls the store closures a necessary phase to keep retail profitable.   “It’s like pruning a tree for it to stay healthy,” Couch said while at Drai’s Beachclub & Nightclub at the Cromwell Hotel during an after-conference party — one of many throughout the Las Vegas Strip on Monday. “The retailer has to get rid of unhealthy and dead branches to maintain a healthy core.” Experiential retail remains a growth area. At his panel earlier that same day, celebrity chef Todd English talked about food halls (such as the new Savor pavilion at King of Prussia Mall) becoming an integral part of malls and lifestyle centers. Some food halls are replacing traditional anchor stores that have closed. “Food is something that [Amazon CEO Jeff] Bezos hasn’t figured out yet,” joked English, who opened his first food hall nearly eight years ago at the Plaza Hotel in New York City after enlisting the Cushman & Wakefield real estate firm to find the right spot. He is expanding his brand to Los Angeles and London and just opened in Atlanta. "It's a driver of bodies. People want to experience food." In Las Vegas, aka Sin City, where retail —which includes hotel, entertainment, clothing stores, and food and beverage establishments — accounts for 64 percent of revenue from about 42 million tourists a year, versus 36 percent from gambling,  a memorable shopping experience is critical. Many travel from afar to indulge, such as Ronaldo Sunglao, 37,  of Manila, Philippines, who was vacationing in Vegas for a week with his family. Sunglao and his daughter, Rochelyn, 10, shopped at Havaianas,  Portuguese for Hawaiians, at Bally's Grand Bazaar Shops, an outdoor mall. The store sells rubber handmade Brazilian flip-flips ranging from $18 to $115. “Sometimes, the picture [a retailer] posts online for an item is different from what arrives at your door, and you’re very disappointed,” Sunglao said Tuesday. “Customer service — having staff take time to talk to me,” is what matters most to him, he said. Sunglao wasn’t quite ready to make a purchase that day, but said he would return later in the week. Sales clerk Abby Quidachay directed him to the store’s website to see the full inventory before coming back. Read more by Suzette Parmley Published: May 26, 2017 — 3:01 AM EDT Thanks for your continued support... We recently asked you to support our journalism. The response, in a word, is heartening. You have encouraged us in our mission — to provide quality news and watchdog journalism. Some of you have even followed through with subscriptions, which is especially gratifying. Our role as an independent, fact-based news organization has never been clearer. And our promise to you is that we will always strive to provide indispensable journalism to our community. Subscriptions are available for home delivery of the print edition and for a digital replica viewable on your mobile device or computer. Subscriptions start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business Business NPHS bankruptcy jeopardizes Project HOME development Transportation Driving, biking, and walking in Philly can be deadly. These blocks are among the worst Small Business Delco craft beers en route to their debut in Japan Geopolitics roil, but investors roll along 2017 Lexus NX200t offers luxury, performance, and infuriating electronics Wet basement? Avoid getting soaked Seven ways to avoid ransomware and other anti-PC ploys Start a business at 50-plus? It's actually easier than when you're young Comcast changes course and won't sue to close 'net neutrality' opponent Inovio's HIV vaccine shows promise in early patient tests goPuff, the 'Wawa on Wheels' start-up, is doubling its delivery zone in Northeast Philly goPuff's newest expansion is to doubles the area it covers in Northeast Philly. The convenience store service plans to add beer delivery in Philadelphia... Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Top Local Stories Woman caught on dashcam sucker-punching Lincoln Park officer News Police release sketch of man wanted in connection with throwing brick, injuring 2-year-old News Some sunshine returns with warmth Saturday News Woman leads Shelby Twp. police on 100 mph chase after dropping off son near school News Muslim man files $100M lawsuit against Dearborn Little Caesars over pizza labeled 'halal' News 5 injured in DDOT bus crash through brick wall of building on Detroit's west side News 2-year-old girl recovering after being hit in head by brick thrown through car window in Detroit News Good Samaritan rescues boys during pit bull mauling on Detroit's west side News Ten-year-old fighting back against scleroderma Features National What to make of these viral racist rants? Experts weigh in on comments By DARRAN SIMON , CNN Posted: 3:17 AM, May 26, 2017 Updated: 6:11 AM, May 26, 2017 More National Headlines What it's like to be the target of racism on campus (CNN) - The cell phone videos show the underbelly of American society. Racist vitriol, mostly directly at Latinos, shared on social media. In an Arkansas Walmart, an unidentified shopper told a woman "go back to Mexico," and called another woman the N-word. At a Nevada airport, one man yelled profanities at another man speaking Spanish on the phone to his mother. And in a Virginia Sprint store, a woman hurled a racist slur at a customer named Juan, saying: "This is my f***ing country." Walmart said it would ask the customer to no longer shop at their stores. Sprint's CEO said he and colleagues were "disgusted" by the woman's actions. We asked experts to weigh in on the racist rants and what may be fueling them. Here is what they said: People feel emboldened "It means that America is back where it was ... decades ago. That kind of thing went out of fashion with the Civil Rights movement; the Trump campaign brought it back into fashion," said the Rev. Joseph A. Darby, vice president of the Charleston, South Carolina, NAACP branch. President Donald Trump "tapped into seething anger" that was already boiling in those who couldn't accept an African-American President, Darby said. Trump "legitimized bigotry by the way he campaigned." "People who found their hope in him feel emboldened to say and do things that they wouldn't do before ... It leads to all kinds of foolishness that people have kept under wraps before because now they feel empowered because they think they have a President." Darby said he believes some of the rants also stem from "fear on the part of some misguided, for the lack of a better word, ignorant people who believe they are losing their country, with their country being a white country." He said: "They feel that they're going to lose the privilege of being white, and when you have fear, you do ugly things sometimes." It's not new; it's cyclical Teresa Carrillo said the rants illustrate an anti-immigrant sentiment in the country, which isn't new. The nation has experienced rants and derogatory language that created hostile environments for immigrants, including anti-immigrant campaigns that preceded deportations in the Depression-era, she said. "It's cyclical. It goes along with the policies of the day and the ideology of the day," said Carrillo, a political scientist and professor with San Francisco State University's Department of Latina/Latino Studies. But cell phones now bring it "into our consciousness in a much more emotional way," she said. "There's one part of this that could move us forward as a society ... It's in our face now, and we can't deny that it's happening," Carrillo said. She said: "People who are recording them may feel like it's an injustice, and that's why they are recording it -- and you can see some of the responses." But she said while the rants are bothersome for people to witness, "it's kind of uncomfortable for people to talk about the ugly side of racism." Carrillo said hopefully the videos will spur discussions and actions. "We have to decide as a multicultural society are we going to look away when this happens or are we going to work to move towards change, and publicly show that that is not the popular sentiment," she said. It's a push back against diversity "There is a clear push back against diversity in our society. When you look at the battle on college campuses, you see that there's been a rise in hate groups that have spurred up across the country," said education consultant Andre Perry, citing speeches by white nationalist Richard Spencer on campuses. Perry, a columnist for The Hechinger Report and a contributor to CNN.com, pointed to the recent stabbing death of Richard Collins III, a black Bowie State University student. Police charged University of Maryland College Park student Sean Urbanski, 22, who is white, with killing Collins, 23. Police said Urbanski was a member of a Facebook group called "Alt-Reich," which spewed hate toward black people and other minorities. Authorities plan to investigate whether the killing is a hate crime. Perry said "Collins was made a target by white nationalists and separatists feeling comfortable spewing their hate." "When a President of the United States installs a cabinet member who hosts a virtual salon for white nationalists -- I'm talking about (Steve) Bannon being the publisher of Breitbart News -- it's not surprising that people are feeling comfortable spewing hate wherever they see threats to whiteness," Perry said. He added: "There are white people who are feeling the cultural and linguistic threat of diversity, and the only way for them to handle that anxiety is to hurt others." Social media has helped bring these rants to light "What they reflect more than anything else is similar to what we are seeing with police shootings is that this is not a new phenomenon," said Jack Glaser, a professor of public policy at University of California, Berkeley. "What's new is the ability to record it." Glaser, who studies police shootings, specializes in stereotyping, prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice system and law enforcement. "I think we have a certain percent of the population that is virulently racist, and that they will express that from time to time," he said. Glaser, who is also a social psychologist, said the widespread condemnation of the videos is one positive outcome. And he said it is possible that there are higher rates of these incidents as evidenced by hate crime statistics. Glaser said the rants force the public to confront them, in the same way videos of police shootings sparked a national conversation about police conduct and race. "There is no evidence the rate of which African Americans are being shot by police is any higher in the last few years than it was decades before," he said. "But what's clearly changed is our ability to document it and people to transmit that information instantly through social media." Copyright 2017 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending https://www.clickondetroit.com
« Return to Mobile Website Newsletters Sign-Up Schedule a Demo Does My Company Subscribe? Client Login eMarketer PRO Login eMarketer Retail Login Does my company subscribe? Contact Us Newsletters Sales: 1-800-405-0844 Articles Customer Stories Plans Product Tour Research Topics Request Pricing Recommended Reading: May 26, 2017 eMarketer’s scan of the key developments of the day, plus data to make sense of it all May 26, 2017 Share Email Print Walmart Opens Online Store on China’s JD.com Walmart made a strong bid for the business of China’s digital shoppers this week, opening up a flagship store on ecommerce site JD.com. Walmart selected 1,700 commonly purchased items to be featured on its JD.com storefront, and plans to rely on JD.com’s logistics expertise in China to help it with same-day and two-day deliveries. Walmart already operates 433 physical store locations in China. Understanding TV Habits A study from Zefr, which looked to better understand the shifting nature of how consumers watch and engage with TV content on different platforms, found while TV ratings may be declining, viewers aren’t tiring of such content. In fact, many are watching network TV on YouTube, regardless of whether it’s programmed by the network. Indonesian Telecom Shuts Down Ecommerce Operation Indonesian telecom firm Indosat Ooredoo announced it would end operations of its ecommerce site Cipika by June 1. The firm said aspects of its ecommerce business had performed adequately, but were not scalable. It added that it planned to focus its energy on core businesses. eMarketer estimates that retail ecommerce sales in Indonesia will total $8.2 billion this year. PC Shipments in India Surge Shipments of PCs in India grew by 12.5% quarter over quarter in the first three months of the year, according to research firm International Data Corporation (IDC). The increase was driven by new demand from both consumers and commercial buyers. The sector had been hit hard by the government’s move to demonetize two high-denomination notes of cash in late 2016, which resulted in a drop in consumer spending on nonessential items in India. —Cliff Annicelli, Rahul Chadha and Rimma Kats New Report in eMarketer PRO This Week Facebook Advertising 2017 As Facebook looks to new formats such as mid-roll video ads and messaging ads, concerns remain over video ad engagement, measurement and more. This report, based on extensive interviews with marketers and ad agency executives, digs into five factors that could impact future growth—and what marketers need to know about them. Preview Report Not a PRO subscriber? Find out how to become one. Previous Article Next Article Latest from eMarketer Latest Articles Latest Webinars Bored? There's an App for That Planned EU Law Looks to Boost Cross-Border Ecommerce Esports Revenues in Europe to Reach $346 Million in 2018 More Articles » eMarketer Daily Newsletter » Customer Experience—How to Navigate the Journey Toward Customer-Centricity Digital Trends in Canada—What You Need to Know for 2017 B2B Personalization—How to Deliver Custom Experiences to Buyers More Webinars » Go beyond the articles: eMarketer Products You've never experienced research like this. SEE FEATURES » Hear from our clients: Customer Stories Nearly all Fortune 500 companies rely on us. READ MORE » Want to learn more? Contact Us Inquire about corporate subscriptions today. CONTACT SALES » About eMarketer Contact Us Why eMarketer Events Newsroom Advertising Opportunities Career Opportunities Privacy Policy Call Us: 1-800-405-0844 Coverage by Topic Advertising & Marketing B2B Demographics Ecommerce Email Media Usage, Buying & Planning Mobile Search Social Video NEW! Create your own charts on these topics, instantly. Try it now > Coverage by Geography Asia-Pacific Central & Eastern Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa North America Western Europe Coverage by Industry Automotive Consumer Products Financial Services Media & Entertainment Pharma & Healthcare Retail Travel Popular Articles Why Marketers Haven't Mastered Multichannel TV Campaigns Extend Reach via Facebook Ads How Effective Has Personalization Been So Far? Explore More Articles » Our Media Sites eMarketer Retail         Copyright 2016 eMarketer Inc. All Rights Reserved.
obsessions our picks latest popular like us on facebook follow us on twitter about us Atlas quartz index quartz app quartz quartz India quartz Africa Change your edition back to menu PIGGYBACK RIDE Walmart’s future in China increasingly depends on a single Chinese company Written by Josh Horwitz May 26, 2017 Eggs in a new basket. (Reuters/Kim Kyung-hoon) Share Written by Josh Horwitz May 26, 2017 In China, Walmart is not only betting on e-commerce, it’s betting on a top Chinese e-commerce giant. The US retail giant announced on May 25 that it will open a store on JD.com, one of China’s most popular e-commerce sites, second only to Alibaba. It’s the latest move in a new strategy for the company that has consistently brought it closer to JD, which now has the power to make—or break—the company’s future in China. According to Walmart, the online store will carry over 1,700 of Walmart’s most-purchased items from its brick-and-mortar stores in China. Customers that order items before 11:00am can receive their packages on that same day. The orders will be fulfilled using JD’s in-house logistics infrastructure of warehouses, deliverymen, and drones. Walmart sold its e-commerce operations to JD in June 2016 after a joint-venture with Yihaodian, a marginal player in China’s online shopping industry, proved unsuccessful. In exchange for the purchase, Walmart took a 5% stake in JD. Since then, the two companies have moved quickly to boost Walmart’s online presence. In October 2016 JD launched an online store for Sam’s Club, as well as a store that sold only imported goods from Walmart overseas. That same month, Walmart announced it had invested $50 million in New Dada, a joint venture between JD and logistics network Dada. In April 2017 it launched an online store for Asda, Walmart’s UK subsidiary, selling British-branded products. Meanwhile, Walmart has steadily increased its stake in JD–from 5% in June 2016, to 10.8% in October, and then 12.1% this past February. Walmart’s bet on e-commerce in China, assisted by JD, comes as its traditional offline retail business there continues to struggle. The company does not regularly disclose financial details about its China business, but there’s plenty of evidence to suggest it is not going great. In 2014 a joint-venture partner revealed that same-store sales across 21 outlets dropped 6 percent between 2014 and 2015. It has also slowed the rate (paywall) of its new store openings in China. One of the factors causing Walmart’s middling success in China has been the country’s quick embrace of e-commerce. According to Nielsen, 11% of total retail sales in China come from e-commerce, compared to 8% in the US. And e-commerce sales in China are growing at a rate of 53% annually, compared to roughly 12% in the US. Meanwhile, Chinese consumers are opting to make small purchases either online or in convenience stores, rather than in hypermarkets, according to another Nielsen study. The average shopping basket value for Chinese hypermarket shoppers fell 172.4 yuan (about $25) in 2014 to 162.7 (about $23) yuan in 2015. This and other factors have led other overseas retailers to revamp their China strategies, or withdraw altogether. Carrefour, another hypermarket chain in the style of Walmart, suffered a net loss of €58 million (about $65 million) in China during 2016. The company recently started opening smaller outlets modeled after convenience stores. Tesco, from the UK, distanced itself from China when it sold its stores there to domestic retailer China Resources Enterprises in late 2013. And last October, bourgie expats gasped when Marks & Spencer announced it would close its 10 stores in China, citing continued losses. By relying on JD to manage its e-commerce operations, Walmart is placing its future in China in the hands of another company, and betting on JD’s success to boost its own. That could turn out all right for Walmart. JD, a major competitor to Alibaba, has long differentiated by promising faster deliveries than its rival, thanks to its in-house logistics network. Its market share in business-to-consumer e-commerce (as opposed to “marketplace style” e-commerce, where third-party vendors do the selling) has risen in the past few years, from 18.6% to 24.7%. The company just turned its first-ever operating profit since it listed in New York in 2014, and is investing hugely in drones to make delivery more efficient. Both JD and Alibaba have lately turned to groceries and household items as drivers for growth, hoping that repeat purchases will drive up “gross merchandise value,” a metric investors look at to assess the sales value of all purchases (though it’s not the same as revenue). That competitive pressure might squeeze JD’s margins from selling Walmart products online. Given all the headaches Walmart has endured in China in the past—food safety scandals, fickle consumer behavior, and accounting fudges—it might be nice to offload parts of the company’s future to someone else. Most Popular Single workers aren’t there to pick up the slack for their married bosses and colleagues Read full story home our picks popular latest obsessions search
What to make of these viral racist rants? - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases What to make of these viral racist rants? Posted: Friday, May 26, 2017 3:40 AM EDT Updated: Friday, May 26, 2017 9:11 AM EDT Taylor Dumpson became the first African-American woman to hold the office of student government president at American University on May 1, 2017. By Darran Simon CNN (CNN) -- The cell phone videos show the underbelly of American society. Racist vitriol, mostly directly at Latinos, shared on social media. In an Arkansas Walmart, an unidentified shopper told a woman "go back to Mexico," and called another woman the N-word. At a Nevada airport, one man yelled profanities at another man speaking Spanish on the phone to his mother. And in a Virginia Sprint store, a woman hurled a racist slur at a customer named Juan, saying: "This is my f** country." Walmart said it would ask the customer to no longer shop at their stores. Sprint's CEO said he and colleagues were "disgusted" by the woman's actions. We asked experts to weigh in on the racists rants and what may be fueling them. Here is what they said: Rev. Joseph A .Darby - Vice-president of the Charleston, South Carolina NAACP branch "It means that America is back where it was ... decades ago. That kind of thing went out of fashion with the Civil Rights movement; the Trump campaign brought it back into fashion," Darby said. President Donald Trump "tapped into seething anger" that was already boiling in those who couldn't accept an African-American president, Darby said. He "legitimized bigotry by the way he campaigned." "People who found their hope in him feel emboldened to say and do things that they wouldn't do before ... It leads to all kinds of foolishness that people have kept under wraps before because now they feel empowered because they think they have a President." Darby said he believes some of the rants also stem from "fear on the part of some misguided, for the lack of a better word, ignorant people who believe they are losing their country, with their country being a white country." He said: "They feel that they're going to lose the privilege of being white, and when you have fear, you do ugly things sometimes." Teresa Carrillo - professor with San Francisco State University's Department of Latina/Latino Studies Carrillo said the rants illustrate an anti-immigrant sentiment in the country, which isn't new. The nation has experienced rants and derogatory language that created hostile environments for immigrants, including anti-immigrant campaigns that preceded deportations in the Depression-era, Carrillo said. "It's cyclical. It goes along with the policies of the day and the ideology of the day," said Carrillo, a political scientist But cell phones now bring it "into our consciousness is a much more emotional way," she said. "There's one part of this that could move us forward as a society ... It's in our face now, and we can't deny that it's happening," Carrillo said. She said: "People who are recording them may feel like it's an injustice, and that's why they are recording it -- and you can see some of the responses." But she said while the rants are bothersome for people to witness, "it's kind of uncomfortable for people to talk about the ugly side of racism." Carrillo said hopefully the videos will spur discussions and actions. "We have to decide as a multicultural society are we going to look away when this happens or are we going to work to move towards change, and publicly show that that is not the popular sentiment," she said. Andre Perry - education consultant, columnist for The Hechinger Report and a contributor to CNN.com "There is a clear push back against diversity in our society. When you look at the battle on college campuses, you see that there's been a rise in hate groups that have spurred up across the country," he said, citing speeches by white nationalist Richard Spencer on campuses. Perry pointed to the recent stabbing death of Richard Collins III, a black Bowie State University student. Police charged University of Maryland College Park student Sean Urbanski, 22, who is white, with killing Collins, 23. Police said Urbanski was a member of a Facebook group called "Alt-Reich," which spewed hate toward black people and other minorities. Authorities plan to investigate whether the killing is a hate crime. Perry said "Collins was made a target by white nationalists and separatists feeling comfortable spewing their hate." "When a President of the United States installs a cabinet member who hosts a virtual salon for white nationalists -- I'm talking about (Steve) Bannon being the publisher of Brietbart News -- it's not surprising that people are feeling comfortable spewing hate wherever they see threats to whiteness," Perry said. He added: "There are white people who are feeling the cultural and linguistic threat of diversity, and the only way for them to handle that anxiety is to hurt others." Jack Glaser - professor of public policy and a social psychologist at University of California, Berkeley "What they reflect more than anything else is similar to what we are seeing with police shootings is that this is not a new phenomenon," Glaser said. "What's new is the ability to record it." Glaser, who studies police shootings, specializes in stereotyping, prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice system and law enforcement. "I think we have a certain percent of the population that is virulently racist, and that they will express that from time to time," he said. Glaser said the widespread condemnation of the videos is one positive outcome. And he said it is possible that there are higher rates of these incidents as evidenced by hate crime statistics. Glaser said the rants force the public to confront them, in the same way videos of police shootings sparked a national conversation about police conduct and race. "There is no evidence the rate of which African Americans are being shot by police is any higher in the last few years than it was decades before," he said. "But what's clearly changed is our ability to document it and people to transmit that information instantly through social media." TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / National News / What to make of these viral racist rants? What to make of these viral racist rants? Posted on Friday, May 26, 2017 by CNN in National News The cell phone videos show the underbelly of American society. Racist vitriol, mostly directly at Latinos, shared on social media. In an Arkansas Walmart, an unidentified shopper told a woman “go back to Mexico,” and called another woman the N-word. At a Nevada airport, one man yelled profanities at another man speaking Spanish on the phone to his mother. And in a Virginia Sprint store, a woman hurled a racist slur at a customer named Juan, saying: “This is my f***ing country.” Walmart said it would ask the customer to no longer shop at their stores. Sprint’s CEO said he and colleagues were “disgusted” by the woman’s actions. We asked experts to weigh in on the racist rants and what may be fueling them. Here is what they said: People feel emboldened “It means that America is back where it was … decades ago. That kind of thing went out of fashion with the Civil Rights movement; the Trump campaign brought it back into fashion,” said the Rev. Joseph A. Darby, vice president of the Charleston, South Carolina, NAACP branch. President Donald Trump “tapped into seething anger” that was already boiling in those who couldn’t accept an African-American President, Darby said. Trump “legitimized bigotry by the way he campaigned.” “People who found their hope in him feel emboldened to say and do things that they wouldn’t do before … It leads to all kinds of foolishness that people have kept under wraps before because now they feel empowered because they think they have a President.” Darby said he believes some of the rants also stem from “fear on the part of some misguided, for the lack of a better word, ignorant people who believe they are losing their country, with their country being a white country.” He said: “They feel that they’re going to lose the privilege of being white, and when you have fear, you do ugly things sometimes.” It’s not new; it’s cyclical Teresa Carrillo said the rants illustrate an anti-immigrant sentiment in the country, which isn’t new. The nation has experienced rants and derogatory language that created hostile environments for immigrants, including anti-immigrant campaigns that preceded deportations in the Depression-era, she said. “It’s cyclical. It goes along with the policies of the day and the ideology of the day,” said Carrillo, a political scientist and professor with San Francisco State University’s Department of Latina/Latino Studies. But cell phones now bring it “into our consciousness in a much more emotional way,” she said. “There’s one part of this that could move us forward as a society … It’s in our face now, and we can’t deny that it’s happening,” Carrillo said. She said: “People who are recording them may feel like it’s an injustice, and that’s why they are recording it — and you can see some of the responses.” But she said while the rants are bothersome for people to witness, “it’s kind of uncomfortable for people to talk about the ugly side of racism.” Carrillo said hopefully the videos will spur discussions and actions. “We have to decide as a multicultural society are we going to look away when this happens or are we going to work to move towards change, and publicly show that that is not the popular sentiment,” she said. It’s a push back against diversity “There is a clear push back against diversity in our society. When you look at the battle on college campuses, you see that there’s been a rise in hate groups that have spurred up across the country,” said education consultant Andre Perry, citing speeches by white nationalist Richard Spencer on campuses. Perry, a columnist for The Hechinger Report and a contributor to CNN.com, pointed to the recent stabbing death of Richard Collins III, a black Bowie State University student. Police charged University of Maryland College Park student Sean Urbanski, 22, who is white, with killing Collins, 23. Police said Urbanski was a member of a Facebook group called “Alt-Reich,” which spewed hate toward black people and other minorities. Authorities plan to investigate whether the killing is a hate crime. Perry said “Collins was made a target by white nationalists and separatists feeling comfortable spewing their hate.” “When a President of the United States installs a cabinet member who hosts a virtual salon for white nationalists — I’m talking about (Steve) Bannon being the publisher of Breitbart News — it’s not surprising that people are feeling comfortable spewing hate wherever they see threats to whiteness,” Perry said. He added: “There are white people who are feeling the cultural and linguistic threat of diversity, and the only way for them to handle that anxiety is to hurt others.” Social media has helped bring these rants to light “What they reflect more than anything else is similar to what we are seeing with police shootings is that this is not a new phenomenon,” said Jack Glaser, a professor of public policy at University of California, Berkeley. “What’s new is the ability to record it.” Glaser, who studies police shootings, specializes in stereotyping, prejudice and discrimination in the criminal justice system and law enforcement. “I think we have a certain percent of the population that is virulently racist, and that they will express that from time to time,” he said. Glaser, who is also a social psychologist, said the widespread condemnation of the videos is one positive outcome. And he said it is possible that there are higher rates of these incidents as evidenced by hate crime statistics. Glaser said the rants force the public to confront them, in the same way videos of police shootings sparked a national conversation about police conduct and race. “There is no evidence the rate of which African Americans are being shot by police is any higher in the last few years than it was decades before,” he said. “But what’s clearly changed is our ability to document it and people to transmit that information instantly through social media.” 5 things for Friday, May 26: Russia, Montana, travel ban, G-7 & NATO Alabama executes inmate Tommy Arthur after multiple delays Related Posts Tropical Storm Colin churns toward Florida Arizona officer: I could shoot suspect or run him over Harper Lee’s latest book has Atticus Finch fans on Twitter aghast More than 20 aircraft struck by lasers Wednesday night Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
Friend on Facebook Follow on Facebook Watch on YouTube Subscribe to RSS Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close HOME News Local News Politics Elections SoCal National World News Op/Ed Local Southwest Rivco Temecula Murrieta Menifee Moreno Valley Wildomar Aguanga Corona French Valley Hemet Lake Elsinore Perris Sun City San Jacinto Norco Education Fire Sheriff’s Log SoCal News Imperial County Orange County Los Angeles County Riverside County San Bernardino San Diego County Entertainment Dining Dining Reviews Arts Celebrity News Out and About Music Scene Business Sports Live Traffic More Announcements Faith Health Military Motor Scene Real Estate Obituaries Pets Village News Anza Valley Outlook CLASSIFIEDS Printed Edition (Online) En Español Events About Us Contact Us Sign up for our Newsletter Contact the editor Letters to the editor Inquire about advertising Inquire about Classifieds Comment about a story Request Event Coverage Submit a Press Release Submit an Obituary Report a technical issue Wal-Mart locations eyed by Menifee council By Newsroom on May 25, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post Will Fritz Valleystaff@reedermedia.com A new police storefront, an anti-graffiti ordinance and an update on two proposed Wal-Mart locations were items on the agenda at the Menifee city council meeting May 17. The council voted to approve startup funds, not to exceed $69,000, for a police storefront substation to be utilized by the Riverside County Sheriff’s Office, which the city contracts with for police services. The 1,299 square-foot substation will be located in Cherry Hills Plaza, 28115 Bradley Road, No. 4 in Sun City. The council’s budget appropriation anticipates a 5-year lease for the site. A vote was taken on a proposed ordinance to require property owners to address graffiti within 72 hours. The city would be allowed to fix graffiti on properties it is not fixed within the 72-hour timeframe, and may place liens on such properties. The ordinance’s second reading and adoption will take place June 7. Two Wal-Marts are currently proposed within Menifee city limits, Interim City Manager Ronald Bradley said Wednesday night. One, an approximately 182,000-square-foot store or about 208,000 square feet including an adjacent shopping center, could be built on 24.5 acres near the intersection of McCall Boulevard and Encanto Drive, just east of I-215. The store proposal is currently on its fifth submission, though the city is waiting to receive a few items for review for the submission to be considered complete, including a specific plan and environmental impact report, Bradley said. After all items are reviewed, the next step will be for the project to go before the city’s planning commission, he said. The store was first proposed in 2012. A second, similarly-sized Wal-Mart is proposed near the intersection of Scott and Haun roads after the completion the Scott Road/I-215 interchange project. “Whether they will actually build the Wal-Mart at that point in time, when the completion of the interchange comes to fruition, is yet to be determined, but that is the feedback we have from them at this moment in time,” he said. The Scott Road location was initially approved by voters in a 2011 ballot initiative and some grading has taken place in the area for future construction. Councilmember Lesa Sobek expressed concern about the McCall location, as the 2011 initiative approved only one Wal-Mart, not two. “The voters voted for one Wal-Mart in the City of Menifee, and they voted for a Wal-Mart at Scott,” Sobek said. “I’m concerned that now they’re talking about one at McCall. I look at our surrounding cities, and (the city of) Murrieta only has one Wal-Mart. The City of Temecula has one Wal-Mart.” Wednesday night’s meeting included the second reading and adoption of an ordinance prohibiting panhandling. Mayor Neil Winter also briefly discussed a bill signed by Governor Jerry Brown May 12 restoring vehicle license fee funding to four Riverside County cities, including Menifee. The funding, which was reserved for newly-incorporated cities, was taken away by a California Revenue & Taxation Code amendment in 2011, resulting in millions of dollars of lost funds for Menifee, Wildomar, Eastvale and Jurupa Valley, all of which have incorporated since 2008. Winter said the city will see the return of its funding in installments beginning in June. “Now we’ve got the money to be able to provide the services to you folks,” Winter said. “And that’s the most important thing.” Share this: Tweet More Share on Tumblr Print Email Related Menifee City Council, police storefront substation, Wal-mart Wal-Mart locations eyed by Menifee council added by Newsroom on May 25, 2017 View all posts by Newsroom → Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comments Protected by WP-SpamShield Spam Blocker Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. My Valley Weather Temecula Last Updated on May 26 2017, 10:55 pm PDT Weather by NOAA Current Conditions: Fair Temp: 55°F Wind: SE at 4mph Humidity: 77% Windchill: 54°F Your 5-Day Forecast at a Glance 951-763-5510 | 1588 S. Mission Rd. Suite 201, Fallbrook CA 92028 Valley News | Copyright © 2016 Village News, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
MENU Home Login Subscription Options CREATE NEW – Home Delivery Subscription MAKE HOME DELIVERY PAYMENT HERE CREATE NEW – Online Only Subscription Contact UFO Store PUZZLES Crosswords Sudoku How to Clear Cache MENU Newspaper E-Newpaper Sunday Comics NEWS Local News Local News Local News Dining Guide Dining Guide Local Business Review Local Business Review Positively Roswell Positively Roswell Vistas Sports Local Sports AP Auto Racing AP Baseball AP Basketball AP Football AP Golf AP Soccer AP Tennis Obituaries In Memory Records Public/Police Public Record Police Blotter Classifieds Listings Local Classifieds Listings Legal Notice Ads Opinion Editorial Editorial Dear Editor Magazines Lifestyles Travel & Dining Guide Screens Magazine Vision Magazine Special Sections AP News News Feed Business Entertainment National News State News World News 1 Username: 1 Police respond following theft of $5 May 26, 2017 • Police Blotter The following reports are from the Roswell Police Department and are available at rpdp2c.org. All people arrested or cited are presumed innocent. Police were dispatched to Walmart in the 4500 block [auth] of North Main Street in response to a burglary call. A $5 bill was stolen from an unlocked vehicle. Arrests and arrest citations Tricia Marie Stafford, 37, of the 1200 block of East Country Club Road, was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia at 11:50 p.m. Thursday in the 400 block of 24th Street. Bronson Lee Clark, 19, of the 500 block of South Spruce, was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia at 9:37 a.m. Monday in the 700 block of West Second Street. Maria Inez Lucero, 58, of the 500 block of South Wyoming Avenue, was charged with possession of marijuana at 12:25 p.m. Monday at her home. Renee Delossantos-Sanchez, 51, of the 700 block of Greenbrier Drive, was charged with possession of controlled substances at 4:53 p.m. Monday in the 3800 block of South Main Street. Michelle Lee Tyler, 35, of the 1100 block of South Missouri Avenue, was charged with possession of drug paraphernalia at 10:05 p.m. Tuesday in the 400 block of East Bland Street. Shaniya Elydia Obryon, 18, of Dexter, was charged with possession of marijuana in the 1500 block of North Union Avenue at 11 p.m. Wednesday. Burglaries Police were dispatched to the 600 block of West Alameda Street at 11:12 p.m. Monday in response to a burglary call. A tablet and support equipment valued at $122 were reported stolen. Police were dispatched to the 1100 block of South Richardson Avenue at 6:34 p.m. Tuesday in response to a burglary call. A bicycle, a propane tank, a Playstation and a lawnmower valued at $520 were reported stolen. Criminal damages Police were dispatched to the 1800 block of Monroe Avenue at 2:36 p.m. Thursday in response to a criminal damage call. A glass door valued at $350 was reported damaged. Police were dispatched to the 200 block of West First Street at 8:53 a.m. Thursday in response to a criminal damage call. A glass door valued at $200 was reported damaged. Police were dispatched to the 1400 block of West Second Street at 8:35 a.m. Tuesday in response to a criminal damage call. A glass door valued at $1,000 was reported damaged. Police were dispatched to the 800 block of North Richardson Avenue at 7:10 a.m. Tuesday in response to a criminal damage call. A rear windshield valued at $250 was reported damaged. Police were dispatched to the 2800 block of North Main Street at 4:41 p.m. Wednesday in response to a criminal damage call. A chain link fence valued at $350 was reported stolen. Police were dispatched to the 300 block of Onyx Street at 2:07 p.m. Wednesday in response to a criminal damage call. A car door and window valued at $450 were reported damaged. Larceny Police were dispatched to the 1700 block of South Main Street at 4:13 p.m. Tuesday in response to a larceny call. A cell phone and clothing valued at $241.87 were reported stolen. Related Posts About the Author: - RDR Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. « BLM planning prescribed burn Nation’s oldest civil rights organization is very active in Roswell » Business Review Desert Palms, LLC. Carpet & Tile Cleaning Dining Guide El Toro Bravo Positively Roswell Mildred Swenson celebrates 102 years New Mexico governor restores university funds, vetoes taxes May 26, 2017 Albuquerque curbs arrests, jail time for minor crimes May 26, 2017 Illinois men accused of sexually assaulting New Mexico girl May 26, 2017 Body of hiker who fell into canyon near Alamogordo recovered May 26, 2017 Renovation on New Mexico church finds new visitors: bees May 26, 2017 New Mexico lawmakers urge governor to reinstate funding May 25, 2017 G launches inquiry into UNM spending on golf trip May 25, 2017 FBI raids New Mexico Taxation and Revenue Department office May 25, 2017 New Mexico judge denies convicted killer’s plea withdrawal May 25, 2017 Snowmelt brings New Mexico lake water levels up May 25, 2017 © 2017 Roswell Daily Record | Roswell Area News | Proudly sponsoring The Roswell Incident Project since 2016! Web directory script
Sections Deseret NewsUtah Utah Woman arrested after allegedly locking kids in trunk while shopping By Katie McKellar @KatieMcKellar1 Published: May 26, 2017 10:50 p.m. + Leave a comment 1 of 1 View 1 Item Weber County Jail Tori Lee Castillo, 39, was booked into the Weber County Jail on Thursday, May 26, 2017 for child abuse after police say she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she went shopping at a Riverdale Wal-Mart. RIVERDALE, Weber County — A woman was arrested Thursday after police say she locked her two children in the trunk of her car while she shopped at Wal-Mart. Riverdale police Lt. Casey Warren said police were dispatched to the Riverdale Wal-Mart after a witness called police, claiming to see a woman lock two children in her car before she left to go shopping. Comment on this story The children, ages 2 and 5, began making noise and moving frantically, causing the vehicle to shake, Warren said. "Several good Samaritans observed this and came to the aid of the children," Warren said. They instructed the 5-year-old girl to pull the emergency latch in the trunk to escape, Warren said. Child and Family Services was contacted and the children were turned over to a responsible party, Warren said. Once the children's mother returned, she was interviewed by police before being booked into the Weber County jail for child abuse, Warren said. Katie McKellar @KatieMcKellar1 kmckellar@deseretnews.com Add a comment Like that? Read this. Sponsored by Utah Association of Realtors 5 pitfalls to avoid when buying a condo or townhouse Utah 4 hours ago 22 candidates crowd into race to replace Chaffetz — so far Utah 10 hours ago State refuses to pay Swallow's $1.5M legal bill Podcasts The Deseret News Silicon Slopes Hour An in-depth look inside Utah's growing startup and tech community. Rise & Shout The best in conversation about BYU sports. Fan talk, analysis and complete nonsense. BLEEP: The Podcast A celebration and discussion of all things geek. All awesome, all clean. The PopuList 1 Quiz: Are you more Salt Lake or Utah County? 2 9 Utah chocolate makers talk about their craft 3 'Matchless vistas' on first recorded climb to Angels Landing in Zion National Park in 1924 4 Chaffetz plans to meet with Comey on Monday. Here's what you need to know 5 A.M. notes: Huntsman Corp. plans to merge, President Eyring dedicates Paris temple, Trump heads to Israel View all for Utah most Commented 64 Frustrated Utah Republicans, Democrats form new centrist political party 44 Report: 23M more to be uninsured, $834B in Medicaid spending to be slashed under AHCA 34 LDS Church updates condition of President Thomas S. Monson 29 Intermountain Power Project will shutter coal-fired power plant near Delta 28 New GOP chairman will 'stay the course' on SB54 lawsuit while working toward new compromise 24 The new asylums: How Utah traps the mentally ill behind bars 22 Orem grade schoolers' study finds most drivers make illegal left-hand turns 22 Outdoor Retailer takes show to Denver Saturday, May, 27, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2898 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: Smith & Wesson’s M&P M2.0 Pistol 4:03 PM 05/24/2017 Why She’ll Want A Smith & Wesson M&P M2.0 4:45 PM 05/23/2017 Sheriff Jim Wilson: Understanding The Flash Sight Picture 4:14 PM 05/18/2017 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Pistol 4:41 PM 05/17/2017 Everything You Need To Know For Handgun Shooting 11:37 AM 05/16/2017 U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix DFW CW33 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW33 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Eye Opener HomeBless Life CW Community Watch CW33 Contact Weather 81° 81° Low 78° High 94° Sat 74° 94° Sun 67° 83° Mon 66° 86° See complete forecast Severe weather alert ‘Black b*tch’: North Texas police chief under investigation after controversial arrest Posted 6:57 pm, May 26, 2017, by Rachael Sneed Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email COMMERCE, TX – The winner of Miss Black Texas 2016 says she was harassed, unlawfully arrested, and detained by a North Texas police chief. If that’s not bad enough, she also says he called her a “black b*tch.” Carmen Ponder, a recent graduate of Texas A&M University, tweeted she experienced “road rage” from the police chief of Commerce, Kerry Crews, on Tuesday. Police brutality and Abuse of Power from a Police Chief. Let me talk to my lawyer and I'll fill y'all in #blacklivesmatter — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 22, 2017 According to Ponder, she was on her way to Walmart when she encountered a black truck driving erratically in front of her. She says she decided to pass the vehicle to avoid potential danger because she believed the driver to be drunk. She realized the vehicle had followed her after parking her car outside of Walmart. Crews, who allegedly identified himself as police, yelled at her for passing his 14-year-old daughter who was learning how to drive at the time. Ponder reminded Crews that it’s illegal for a 14-year-old to drive, leading Crews to allegedly call Ponder a “black b*tch.” After the confrontation, Ponder entered Walmart, purchased her items, and headed back to her vehicle when Crews, his daughter, and another man confronted her. According to Ponder, the man informed her that Crews was a police chief and suggested that she apologize to him. Ponder refused and called the police. When police arrived on the scene, the man who approached Ponder allegedly told them that she was resisting arrest and instructed police to arrest her. Ponder was arrested and detained for 24 hours. She was charged with evading arrest. She posted her encounter on Twitter: @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 Ponder is calling for her charges to be dropped, Crews to be fired, and disciplinary action for other involved officers. Commerce police released a statement on Thursday, claiming Ponder’s statements do not match  Crews’. It seems we have a classic “he said, she said” situation on our hands. Related stories A white cop is suing for racial discrimination, after he found out he’s part African Sandra Bland Act gets approved version from Texas Senate ‘Time for a tree and a rope’: Texas judge must undergo sensitivity training after Facebook comment Filed in: NewsFix Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Dose of Reality Learn about the stories from the opioid epidemic hitting DFW and America and how others’ losses can help saves lives Popular A pregnant high school senior in Maryland is not allowed to walk at graduation ‘Reality Steve’: The man behind the ‘The Bachelor’ & ‘The Bachelorette’ spoilers HomeBless Life: Pops went viral, but what’s next? University Park janitor gifted $53K for new home Latest News Mark O’Mara bringing attention to Jacqueline Craig case Hitting the lake for Memorial Day? Don’t forget these water rules How to play with gargantuan machinery in North Texas ‘Black b*tch’: North Texas police chief under investigation after controversial arrest National/World News Woman charged after listing boy, 14, as father of her unborn child Eye Opener 2 boys rescue 4-year-old girl with autism from Texas creek National/World News Mother abandons 2-year-old in busy grocery store NewsFix Denison teen lied about black men kidnapping, gang raping her National/World News 11-year-old girl revived with Narcan after heroin overdose, police say NewsFix Zuzu Verk’s boyfriend arrested after shallow grave found NewsFix Search for Cleveland suspect in Facebook murder video expands to 5 states National/World News ‘I don’t want to go to jail, mommy’: 8-year-old found steering car for drunk mom, police say Eye Opener Fort Worth girl killed in hit & run, search for second car continues Eye Opener Dallas woman killed in hit and run NewsFix Missing Irving mother found safe in South Texas National/World News Girl dives from truck after being kidnapped, sexually assaulted and injected with meth National/World News Mom accused of beating 71-year-old with own cane for suggesting son needs manners Mobile Apps CW33 Weather App for iPhone CW33 Weather App for iPad CW33 Weather App for Android NewsFix DFW App for iPhone NewsFix DFW App for Android Watch CW Shows Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 8001 John W. Carpenter Freeway Dallas, Texas 75247 • Copyright © 2017, KDAF • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2898 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: Smith & Wesson’s M&P M2.0 Pistol 4:03 PM 05/24/2017 Why She’ll Want A Smith & Wesson M&P M2.0 4:45 PM 05/23/2017 Sheriff Jim Wilson: Understanding The Flash Sight Picture 4:14 PM 05/18/2017 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Pistol 4:41 PM 05/17/2017 Everything You Need To Know For Handgun Shooting 11:37 AM 05/16/2017 U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Insider Mitch Albom Advice Archives Media USA TODAY Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Insider Mitch Albom Advice Archives Media USA TODAY Subscribe social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Think small: older downtown areas in small communities urged to steer development toward smaller retail stores With small downtowns and neighborhood shopping districts on the chopping block, according to retail gurus, some are find ways to thrive. Post to Facebook Think small: older downtown areas in small communities urged to steer development toward smaller retail stores With small downtowns and neighborhood shopping districts on the chopping block, according to retail gurus, some are find ways to thrive.  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2rqfGmj {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Think small: older downtown areas in small communities urged to steer development toward smaller retail stores Bill Laitner , Detroit Free Press 6:11 p.m. ET May 26, 2017 2 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Across Michigan and the nation, small towns are on the chopping block. Small downtowns with mom-and-pop shops must do or die, say retail experts, or they'll be swamped by a rising tide of internet sales, along with killing competition from flashy malls, Big Box stores and superstores like Walmart.  Except that one burg is defying the death knell: South Lyon, a town of about 12,000 people in southwest Oakland County. Since the Great Recession of 2008-12, South Lyon has made a come-back and then some. On Tuesday, Mayor John Galeas Jr. and City Manager Lynne Ladner didn’t just cut a ribbon for one or two new stores. They scissored through a blue ribbon stretched right across their downtown’s main artery, Lake Street, blocking traffic just long enough to mark what they called a grand opening for, well, the whole quaint little downtown. "We've had 17 businesses either open or expand significantly in the last year," Ladner said. And South Lyon isn't alone. Selected older downtowns in many locations are bouncing back, reinventing themselves while some of the nation's most familiar retail names like Kmart, Sports Authority and Borders Books have either gone bankrupt or seem headed that way. "It's very nice to see the pendulum swinging our way," said Jerry Dettloff, executive director of the Michigan Downtown Association, a statewide group that promotes traditional shopping districts from Allen Park to Zeeland. "If you look at age groups, the millennials are looking for places to hang out, and the slightly older people with families want the experience of being together," Dettloff said. Since the Great Recession waned, new businesses as well as apartments and condos have popped up in numerous small downtowns -- from some of Detroit's close-in suburbs to ex-urban spots reaching north and west as far as Michigan's summer colonies, he said. "But it doesn't just happen. You need somebody -- a person, a group, an organization -- that supports your existing businesses and recruits the right kind of new ones, the kind that will do well," Dettloff said. In Macomb county, "we're seeing this happening in quite a few locations," said Jon Paul Rea, Macomb County Director of Planning and Economic Development. Private investment in Utica, boosted by state-issued brownfield tax credits, turned an old landfill into a $15-million minor league ball field, unleashing a small storm of new bars, restaurants and ice cream spots; and, closer to Detroit, St. Clair Shores continues to leverage its nautical theme with plans to increase public access to its waterfront while incentivizing new restaurants and condominium construction tied to the business district's lakefront location, Rea said. In Wayne County, a big success story is Grosse Pointe Park's linear downtown on Kercheval, where empty storefronts, a vacant gas station and nearly defunct church have become a bakery, chic restaurant and microbrewery -- respectively. For South Lyon, it was no easy task to take on the swarm of Big Box stores beckoning a quick freeway spin west in Brighton, and Novi’s glittering 12 Oaks Mall 15 miles to the east, not to mention the siren call of internet marketers from every computer screen and smart phone, South Lyon City Councilwoman Maggie Kurtzweil said. "I'll tell you, three years ago this downtown was a dust bowl. Our vacancy rate was high," Kurtzweil said. Reviving the shopping district fell to Bob Donohue, the city's economic development director, who also heads the merchant-driven Downtown Development Authority. Donohue -- on the job for just a year and in a new position for the city, after two decades overseeing downtown redevelopment for Oakland County -- said South Lyon's downtown has grabbed onto  "the three key ingredients for success -- place, products and personal service." Those elements can work in any commercial district, but they especially allow an aging one to leverage its assets. That means restoring vintage buildings and creating a pedestrian-friendly setting for a special feeling of small-town "place"; encouraging a mix of unique retailers and services, with few or no chain outlets, to offer unusual products and brands that can't be found at, say, a mall or Big Box; and providing training for entrepreneurs about giving "absolutely unmatched, over-the-top customer service," Donohue said. Oh, and by the way, it doesn't hurt to have convenient parking -- which in South Lyon, is free, right on the street. A big part of the evolution of downtowns is acknowledging that Americans do have many options for shopping but they can't eat out or try new cocktails on the internet. That's led numerous downtowns of all sizes to welcome bars, restaurants and nightclubs -- to excess, Donohue said. "I think some communities are beginning to see it's a mistake to overload on bars and restaurants" because doing that drives up lease rates and can make a downtown nothing but a pricey dining destination, vulnerable to economic downturns, he said.  "A well-managed downtown should have a mix" of dining, bars, retailers and services, "but that said, we need one or two upscale restaurants here in South Lyon -- and I'm looking," Donohue said with a chuckle. A boutique-sized eatery could tuck nicely into any one of South Lyon's beautifully restored, circa-1900 storefronts.   After this week's ribbon cutting, Oakland County Treasurer Andy Meisner craned his neck at the downtown's movie-set aura and couldn't help but cheer lead. "You certainly can't experience this feeling on Amazon," Meisner said.  Contact Bill Laitner: blaitner@freepress.com 2 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2rqfGmj
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart to webcast Annual Meeting of Shareholders and its question and answer session with the investment community BENTONVILLE, Ark., May 26, 2017 — Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) will host its Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Friday, June 2, as well as its question and answer session with the investment community. A live webcast of both sessions will be available at stock.walmart.com. The shareholders meeting will begin at 8 a.m. CDT and will conclude at approximately 11 a.m. CDT. The question and answer session with the investment community, led by Walmart President and CEO Doug McMillon, will begin at approximately 12:15 p.m. CDT. To access the live webcast of the session directly, click here. A transcript will also be available on Friday, June 2 on the company’s website. Additionally, shareholders can stay informed by following @WalmartNewsroom on Twitter and can join the conversation by using #WalmartShares. About Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Kuwaiti Agility/PWC and TSC Pay $95 Million to U.S. Government and Give Up Claims To Settle Whistleblower Claims For Overcharging and Kickbacks for U.S. Soldiers’ Food During Iraq Wars Next PostNext Global Retail Ready Packaging (RRP) Market Estimated High Revenue by 2016-2024 Search Recent Posts RM LAW Announces Class Action Lawsuit Against Sunrun Inc. RM LAW Announces Class Action Lawsuit Against JBS S.A. AT&T Announces IBEW-Represented Employees Vote to Ratify Midwest Wireline Agreement Revenue Cycle Management (RCM) Market Analysis to Reach $65.2 Billion by 2025 – Witnessing a Paradigm Shift Primarily Due to Changing Dynamics of Business Models – Research and Markets PizzaSweepstakes.com Launches Pizza Gift Card Sweepstakes; Troll Wins, Hilarity Ensues… Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart to webcast Annual Meeting of Shareholders and its question and answer session with the investment community BENTONVILLE, Ark.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) will host its Annual Meeting of Shareholders on Friday, June 2, as well as its question and answer session with the investment community. A live webcast of both sessions will be available at stock.walmart.com. The shareholders meeting will begin at 8 a.m. CDT and will conclude at approximately 11 a.m. CDT. The question and answer session with the investment community, led by Walmart President and CEO Doug McMillon, will begin at approximately 12:15 p.m. CDT. To access the live webcast of the session directly, click here. A transcript will also be available on Friday, June 2 on the company’s website. Additionally, shareholders can stay informed by following @WalmartNewsroom on Twitter and can join the conversation by using #WalmartShares. About Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,723 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com, on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious A-Glass Fiber Market Analysis and In-Depth Analysis on Market Dynamics, Emerging Trends, Growth Factors and Sales Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext OIAC Applauds Senate Committee on Foreign Relations on Passing Iran Bill to Hold the Regime Accountable Search Recent Posts Vertical Farming Market Expected to Reach $6.4 Billion by 2023, Globally – Allied Market Research Global Market Study on Immuno-Oncology: Immune Checkpoint Inhibitors Segment Projected to Be the Most Lucrative Segment by Therapy Type Kuwaiti Agility/PWC and TSC Pay $95 Million to U.S. Government and Give Up Claims To Settle Whistleblower Claims For Overcharging and Kickbacks for U.S. Soldiers’ Food During Iraq Wars Enigma Software Group’s SpyHunter® Beats Malwarebytes Anti-Malware in Comparative AV-TEST Enigma Software Group’s SpyHunter® Beats Malwarebytes Anti-Malware in Comparative AV-TEST Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/26/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/26/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Kiosks, Tablets, and Mobile Orders Coming to a Restaurant Near You From McDonald’s “Experience of the Future” to Panera 2.0, the restaurant industry is investing heavily in technology as a means of reducing costs and improving the dining experience. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) May 26, 2017 at 3:15PM In this episode of Industry Focus: Consumer Goods, Vincent Shen and Fool.com contributor Daniel Kline talk about some of the most interesting intersections between technology and the restaurant industry, and how they might shake out in the coming decade. Find out how kiosk and tablet ordering can increase sales, where employees fit into the automation question, and how different companies are approaching mobile orders and more. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on May 16, 2017. Vincent Shen: Welcome to Industry Focus, the podcast that dives into a different sector of the stock market every day. I'm your host, Vincent Shen, now making my second visit to the studio for today, this time joined by Dan Kline. We're pre-recording this episode, which will air Tuesday, May 23rd. Thanks for stopping by, Dan. Daniel Kline: We're coming to you from the past, but talking about the future, so it's very confusing.  Shen: You had some issues getting to Fool HQ this time around. Kline: I was three miles from the airport, about 45 minutes from my house, when my low-pressure light comes on. Being the responsible fellow I am, I decide I'll pull over to the righthand lane. Boom, my right front tire blows up. I have no idea what happened. Fortunately, AAA said they would be there in 45 minutes. Two hours and 45 minutes later, they showed up. I missed my flight, I had to fly to a different airport, but I did eventually get here, all for you. Shen: Dan, I was giving you an opportunity to say that you rolled up your sleeves yourself, jacked the car up, changed the tire. Kline: Here's the sad thing. One, I couldn't have done that, because I was on a highway with absolutely no room. But I could have been in a parking lot, and I still couldn't have done that. The guy from AAA asked me, "Do you have a spare?" I was like, "I don't know?" I said, "I have a trunk? There's a possibility." Shen: Regardless, I'm glad that you can make it. It's always really nice to have you in studio. Fools, our focus for this episode will be technology in the restaurant sector. Before we get into that, Dan, you cover a ton of wireless companies and cable companies, too. You cover them quite extensively. Last week, I spoke with Asit a little bit about the partnership that Comcast (NASDAQ:CMCSA) entered with Charter (NASDAQ:CHTR) to unite their very significant resources, as they get into the wireless business. Xfinity Mobile from Comcast is expected to hit the market soon. What are your thoughts? Kline: I think it's a major uphill battle. On paper, it makes sense. Just like when any of those companies, any of the cable companies, decide to sell home alarms, there's a logic of, they have the customer base, they already have an install force. But it never works that well, because the reality is, all Americans that want mobile phones have mobile phones. And while there is some churn, the four major wireless carriers are really well setup to bring your number over, to bribe you to make the change. So just because you're going to pay a little less, you're going to get $5 or $10 back in credit, whatever it works out being with the bundling, I just don't see too many people. And while not all the details are out, these systems tend to be limited, where it's just the iPhone. I think in this case, it is just the iPhone so far. And consumers are used to choices. So I don't think it's necessarily going to be a failure in terms of, will it add some bottom line for these companies for relatively little effort on their part. But I don't think this becomes the fifth wireless carrier that gets up to, T-Mobile is in 70-something million homes, I'm guessing at that number, but T-Mobile plus Sprint is right around where AT&T and Verizon are. I don't think it becomes even a blip on that. It'll be a few million people if they're lucky. Shen: Sure. As far as I know, from what I could find out about the offering, iPhone is definitely the focus, but they mentioned a few other flagship devices will be available from competing handset makers like Samsung. But, don't you feel like, in terms of sheer resources, if there's any company that's going to try and get into the very competitive wireless space, Comcast is in a position where they can throw their weight around. Kline: I think they should buy Sprint. If you want to get into this space and you're Comcast, just get into this space. Then make a Sprint movie and have a Sprint ride at Universal Studios, have the can you hear me now guy, where he says now I'm talking, or whatever it is, have him in a TV series on NBC. I don't really get this playing around the edges. Cablevision did this. When Cablevision did it, it was much more based on wifi and being as cheap as possible in terms of using the airwaves, which is part of what Comcast and Charter are doing but only part of it. And it was very incremental. It was for parents who wanted a third phone for their child but didn't necessarily want to spend the real money. It's very hard to make people switch from something that works. I have T-Mobile, I'm not sure what you have. Shen: I have Straight Talk, which is essentially AT&T, similar service to this, in a way, piggybacking off of a major carrier. Kline: Right. I know that I get better offers. Sprint and T-Mobile are perpetually battling each other. If I'm happy, I'm not going to change. You have to mail your phones back and go to a store and fill out paperwork, it's not simple, and I'm not going to deal with it just to give Charter more money. Charter is still one of the least liked companies out there. I don't think people are clamoring to do more business --  Shen: Along with Comcast, no less. Kline: Yeah, I don't think people are going, "Oh, I really want to give these guys a bigger chunk of my business!" Shen: OK. Well, I wanted to get your first impressions on this. Once it launches and we have more information, maybe some first-hand experience from subscribers, we'll talk about it more, see if it's having any impact for the business -- Kline: Yeah, we'll test it. My mom lives in a Comcast van at home, so we'll try to get a phone and see what it looks like. Shen: There you go. Moving on to our main topic, we have restaurants. Specifically within this space, the role of technology. For any Fools who have been following this sector, you've seen in headlines recently that restaurants have struggled with some low traffic, declining same-store sales from a period of overexpansion, but I was thinking about this in relation to these other industries that I've talked about today, with you and earlier in the studio with Adam, the fact that department stores, on the one hand, and cable companies, they face some existential threats. You have e-commerce on one hand, you have various streaming internet alternatives on the other for cable companies. I think the restaurant industry is interesting because fast-casual might take share from quick service, the broad industry might see weakness due to excessive expansion, like in this case. But in the end, people have to eat, they love eating out. And as a result, I think execution becomes a really clear differentiator between different chains, and there's not as much of an industry boogeyman that you can pin your problems to. But on the flip side, you have the success stories, and some of the big trends I get excited for the restaurant industry include loyalty programs, restaurants trying to source ingredients locally, and also, there's technology. That's where we will focus. I think previously, we spoke about how robots, for example, eliminate the need for human employees all together. But a lot of the technology initiatives that we'll talk about today seem to be previews of how that might work. Kline: I think if you look at some of the technology we're talking about, what you're really focusing on is, restaurant sales overall are down a little bit, 1% or 2%. It's not anywhere near the retail drop. So you're looking here and saying, I'm Chipotle (NYSE:CMG), or McDonald's (NYSE:MCD), or whatever the chain is -- how do I maximize my business? What's worked, and it's worked for Starbucks (NASDAQ:SBUX) and Panera, and we've talked about this before, is mobile ordering. I think mobile ordering at Chipotle makes a ton of sense and will be a game changer. When I say game changer, I mean a 2% to 3% net sales gain. It's not suddenly going to explode their business. But if you walk into a Chipotle -- and we've both done this -- and there's 10 people in line ahead of you, you might leave, because it's slow. So what a lot of Chipotles have done is set up a second production line in the store, and if you order from the app, your food will be ready when you get there. And they're having all the same execution problems Starbucks had. The people at the front don't know where the order is, have you paid, how do you handle it, do you pick it up. But all that will get sorted out, that's just growing pains and retail training, which is not an easy thing to do. So I think at your higher-end places like Chipotle that have lines, that's actually going to allow them to serve more customers during peak hours.  At a place like McDonald's, I think ultimately, there's a gain in taking workers out of the equation. But in the short-term, maybe there's some drive-thru benefit to being able to order and pick up, not going through the line. But in a McDonald's, I don't see as big a benefit when most things are not made to order, and it's sort of a production line, of even if you want a pretty special order, it's coming out quickly. So there's not really a major need to cut that. So McDonald's will gain eventually from technology, but in the short-term, I think you're going to see some of your higher-volume fast casual places like Chipotle, as you've seen with Panera, really benefit from this technology. Shen: Yeah. And we're definitely still, I think, in the early stages of the launch and the testing phases for a lot of the companies that are dipping toes into this. There are companies like Domino's (NYSE:DPZ), which are turning this into an art for themselves, and really juicing their quarterly results, seeing tons of growth with the technology and how they implemented it really well. With Chipotle, you mentioned the second make line, I think they call it, they're calling it "smarter pickup times". They've been able to quantify some of the benefits in that this better management of their digital orders, they give them more accurate estimates of when orders will be ready. In some of their testing, they mentioned that digital order wait times decreased as much as 50%. Restaurant staff have better tools to essentially manage this channel, like you mentioned, during peak business times. If they have a bottleneck, in terms of those peak hours and how many people they can serve, this can alleviate some of that, then that does flow through to their top and bottom line. Kline: And there's a major customer service benefit. If you call Domino's -- back in the old days when you called Domino's. I'm sure your generation now is Snapchatting Domino's and then paying via Venmo. Shen: Exactly. Kline: But back when you used to call Domino's, if they told you your pizza was going to be an hour, you went, "OK, my pizza will be an hour." If in an hour, your pizza showed up, you were satisfied. So I was talking with you earlier. I use the Pei Wei app. The Pei Wei app is pretty innovative in that you can completely customize any order. If you want sweet and sour chicken with no sweet and sour sauce, hold the chicken, you can do that. And you can put in what time you want to pick it up. I was picking up, it was maybe 5:20, so I put in 5:40, that was the distance from my house. And the app came back and said, "Your time has been adjusted to 5:50." And I went, OK, no problem, I'll leave 10 minutes later versus if I had been at the store, waited in line, placed my order, I would have been there for 30 minutes. So it was an absolute benefit of my time, better customer service, and it will make me much more likely to go back. And I think that's where you're starting to see some of the value in these. Pei Wei is a higher end fast casual concept that can take quite a while in a line. Shen: So we've talked so far about Chipotle, Pei Wei, in your experience. I think those are places where the food quality may be up a tier, they're bringing in plenty of customers in that regard. Going to the more fast casual side, where a company like McDonald's -- Kline: The more fast food side. Shen: Yeah, the fast food side. Bringing out their "Experience of the Future", they're dubbing it, testing with kiosks for ordering, technology that allows their employees to bring food to your tableside. McDonald's management has cited that 500 million orders were lost to their direct fast food competitors in the past few years, due to their issues they faced. The thing with McDonald's is, they saw quite a nice bump, at least relative to their more stable industry in their business, due to all day breakfast. That has essentially dissipated. Do you think that technology in this regard can help them overcome some concerns that there always are, in terms of food quality? Kline: It's eventually going to help them overcome some costs. That, we've covered. In the short term, we've talked about this personally but I'm not sure if we've talked about it on the show, if I walk into McDonald's and I want a Big Mac with no special sauce, with an extra slice of cheese, with four pickles, not three, and I try to tell that to the human being behind the counter, who may be a college kid, may be a go-getter, super smart, they've been working at McDonald's for seven hours at that point, they don't care that I want four pickles. So if that goes into a kiosk, not only is there a much easier ability for the person -- eventually robot -- making that hamburger to get it right, and a record for if they don't get it right, for me to hand them a receipt, to say, "This wasn't supposed to have ketchup." So I think you're going to see a subtle but important improvement, especially on drive-thru where there is nothing worse than, you order your 10-piece McNuggets, your large fries, and you get home with your drive-thru back and open it up and it's someone else's Big Mac that you don't want. So I think this is going to eliminate a lot of that pain point, and that will absolutely have an impact on the bottom line, but it's not as direct as, "Boy, the line is long, now I can serve twice as many people." Shen: Yeah. I will add, in addition to McDonald's, Wendy's announced earlier this year that they would install kiosks at about 1,000 of their locations by the end of this year. They've cited similar things that we've talked about, reducing labor costs, for example. But on the Panera side, Panera 2.0, some things management has said that I think make it really interesting, in terms of the lift in ticket size that you can get from these kiosks, there is a quote from, I don't know if it was somebody in their management, but I found this quote that basically said, "People who order at a kiosk will generally spend about twice as long ordering with that kiosk than they do if they're speaking directly to a cashier." What that ultimately means or leads to is more opportunities for upselling -- every time you place an order for a salad, do you want to pair that with a soup? You order a coffee, do you want to pair that with a donut? Then, they're able to customize their orders, and ultimately get larger tickets. Domino's has spoken to this as well with their apps. People upsell themselves. When they're ordering a pizza, they add things to it that they wouldn't otherwise if ordering by the phone. Kline: And it takes away shame. If I'm at Starbucks, and there's a person, I'm going to buy black coffee, room for cream. If I'm ordering on my own, I'm like, "I'll have a Unicorn Frappuccino with extra chocolate chips, could you grind up a pie in that?" So, I think there's a level where, if I'm ordering Domino's and I'm a person talking to a person, I might be like, "I'll have a medium pizza with pepperoni, please." If I'm on my own, bacon, pepperoni, sausage, and put another pizza on top of it. So you get into some impulse control issues. And I think there might be some technology ability going forward to manage calories and things like that, in a way that you'll still spend, but maybe not make the stupid decisions I just described. But, yeah, absolutely, if you don't have to interact with another human being, you're going to order more. You might get that soda you'd be embarrassed to buy from a person, or the dessert, or whatever it is. Shen: I think trying to quantify some of these things, some of the benefits we see, beyond the labor cost, the large ticket sizes, the fact that people order more, and the fact that if you order exactly what you want and you're not worried about it because you're on a kiosk, you're not worried about telling the cashier about all the different customizations that you want to make, you'll enjoy the food more. And maybe that leads to better loyalty to that chain, or whatever it is. Kline: It's also about removing uncomfortableness. We've talked a lot about this, we both like all sorts of different ethnic food. If I'm an American and I've never had Thai or Korean or Japanese or whatever, and I walk in and it says, whatever the local name is, it says Pad See Ew, and I'm like, "I don't know what that is. Is that chicken? Is that noodles?" If it says Pad See Ew, they're noodles with this and that and that. Or, an empanada, here's what an empanada is, and it lays it out. Shen: Or, if it's spicy, and you worried about that -- Kline: Right, where you want to remove the spice, or allergen concerns, or whatever it is, the more of that you can make not embarrassing -- as someone who has a food allergy, I hate walking into a restaurant, and I have cousins who have very serious peanut allergies, so you have to make a big deal out of it. If that could just be something that I could automate and still know they were going to be safe and things were going to be done, it would make times I cook at home times I go out to restaurants. Shen: Sure. So we have these kiosks, and we have, even beyond the mobile ordering, which obviously, hopefully, can help some of these restaurants during the peak hours speed customers through, increase their volume. The idea of some of these tablets that restaurants are also outfitting some of their tables with. This is more of a sit-down experience. Kline: I love this. They've been doing this at Chili's for quite a while. We went to Smokey Bones, a BBQ chain, this weekend. The waitress was clearly harried. She had too many tables, she was very stressed out. And the fact that I could order a drink and it would show up and it wouldn't be the waitress, it would be someone else bringing it, and that at the end of the night, I could pay and not have to request a check -- it's little things like that that make the experience. And you don't want that at a nice steak house. You're not going to drop $200 on dinner and check out on a tablet that you could play Space Invaders on. That was a bizarre game to pick, nobody plays Space Invaders anymore. But my expectations at Chili's are not for fine dining, they're give me my baby back ribs and fries and get me out of there pretty quickly, bring me another drink. So it really eases the experience. Shen: And a lot of restaurants that have outfitted their tables with these tablets have found that people are more likely to order the ancillary items, higher instances of customers ordering dessert, coffee, other drinks. Those are all nice margin boosters for those businesses. Kline: There's a window. If you're a restaurant, there's a period between the end of dinner and the feeling of fullness when people will buy dessert. They often regret desert by the time it shows up. That's why most restaurants have a to-go container for desserts you shouldn't have ordered. But if the waitress is too busy or misses that window, or I would have had another beer if she got to me 10 minutes into my meal, but at 20 minutes into the meal I'm like, "Oh, I'm driving too soon," or, "Maybe I don't need to spend this money." So there's an amazing ability to give me every impulse if I'm sitting there and finish my gin and tonic and want another one, I just hit the button and there it comes whereas if I had that extra five minutes of reflection, maybe I would go, this is a bad idea. Shen: An overarching theme, in terms of some of the technology we've had, eliminating the need for an employee, or someone to actually be the cashier, to be the server, also maybe minimizing some of the inconsistency that you can get in terms of the service experience. I want to end the show, though, on a bit of irony. You brought this up before we filmed, and I thought it was really interesting. Some reports that we have from insiders in the fast food industry, various recruiters for these companies who are running into a lot of problems, actually, staffing restaurants, and reducing some of the turnover that we see, which is at record levels right now, and keeping well-trained employees there. The management team at Chipotle, for example, has spoken about how they lost sight of that service side, about keeping restaurants clean, keeping the beverage and fountain machine clean, napkins off tables, trash off tables. I just thought it was interesting that, on the one hand, if you look out 10 to 20 years, you have this idea that you're going to eliminate the need for these employees entirely. But right now, even as they're testing things like these kiosks and tablets, which help eliminate the need, they're also running into issues keeping the restaurant staffed. The median wage for fast-food work in this country is $8 to $9 per hour. But Wal-Mart, just two years ago -- Kline: Went to $10. Shen: -- went to $10 across the country. Across their entire network of stores, at the minimum. They're running into this competition across all of retail. Kline: And I think you're seeing a justification for the companies that invested in employees. If you look at a Starbucks, which has healthcare and the college benefits, their turnover is less. I worked in retail, I ran a store. Just teaching someone all the procedures to run the register took months before they were good at it. If you're integrating someone onto the line at Chipotle, or working the fry later and knowing the procedural manual to clean the shake machine at McDonald's, which is horrifying, my wife having worked there in college -- that's not ice cream. But there's a huge opportunity cost. If you have been paying better all along, you might have actually been able to do it with less workers. Now, you're seeing a bit of a hierarchy. If I'm a worker at Dunkin' Donuts, I might be able to get hired at Starbucks, which will treat me better. If I'm a Taco Bell worker, maybe I can go to Chipotle or Starbucks. And you're going to start seeing the bottom of the chain -- during the last time we had a boom economy, my wife and I used to joke that you would go to the Dunkin' Donuts and the people working there would just point, and you wouldn't get what you wanted, but eventually they would get to something you like, and you would just take that anyway. And you're going to start to see real differences in service. As a country, you can argue what full employment means. But on a technical basis, we're at full employment, or right close to it, meaning there's not a huge pool of people -- there might be lots of people looking for better jobs, but there's not a huge pool of people looking for entry-level jobs. So you're going to start to see more teenagers. Starbucks doesn't hire a lot of 16 year olds in most markets. But you're probably going to see people like that, younger people, get some of these jobs, which can be good, but it's also a training issue, it's a scheduling issue because they can only work so many hours, they can't work during school, they can't work late at night. This is going to be a major factor, and for successful chains, it's going to force automation. Shen: Yeah. And we've talked before about how, ultimately, labor costs for a lot of these major chains, as much as 25% to 30% of their cost structure is there. It's interesting, trying to see them commit to this balancing act that they have, of making sure that right now, where they're not at the point where they can automate everything, having their employees be trained well, making sure the service experience is positive, and keeping customers coming back. Kline: I think if you're a worker -- I'm not 15 anymore, but I have a 13 year old child, and if he told me he wanted to be a manager someday of a restaurant chain, I would tell him to look at the ones that have a commitment to people. Starbucks has endlessly said and proven that with automation, they're not looking to replace workers, they're looking to shift the labor flow into production, meaning that there's always going to be an art to building a latte. Yes, you can go to Wawa and get a latte made by a machine, but that's not the same as one built by a person. If Starbucks is saying, "Yeah, we may not have order takers who are people, but we're absolutely going to have customer service and baristas and product experts, and we're going to put in these upscale bars, and you'll be incentivized to learn more about coffee," well, those are the chains that are going to attract whatever worker pool there is. And I think McDonald's is going to automate, because it's a difficult job, there's some upward mobility but it's still a hot, sweaty, unpleasant place to work, for the most part. It's all going to sort itself out, as long as the economy stays strong. Shen: OK. Any final points, Dan, before we roll up here? Kline: I'm kind of hungry. Where are we going? We're thinking Shake Shack later. [laughs]  Shen: I would love that. Thanks again for joining us. Thank you, Fools, for tuning in. Remember, you can always reach out to Dan, me, the entire Industry Focus crew via Twitter @MFIndustryFocus, or send any questions to industryfocus@fool.com. Don't forget to check out our other podcasts at podcasts.fool.com. People on the program may own companies discussed on the show, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against stocks mentioned, so don't buy or sell anything based solely on what you hear during the program. Thank you! Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. Vincent Shen has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Chipotle Mexican Grill, Starbucks, and Verizon Communications. The Motley Fool owns shares of Panera Bread. The Motley Fool is short Shake Shack. The Motley Fool recommends T-Mobile US. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info May 26, 2017 at 3:15PM Consumer Goods Stocks McDonald's NYSE:MCD $149.86 up $0.08 (0.05%) Chipotle Mexican Grill NYSE:CMG $480.15 down $-1.24 (-0.26%) Starbucks NASDAQ:SBUX $63.30 up $0.40 (0.64%) Comcast NASDAQ:CMCSA $40.91 up $0.57 (1.41%) Domino's Pizza NYSE:DPZ $207.05 down $0.99 (-0.48%) Charter Communications NASDAQ:CHTR $337.44 up $3.68 (1.10%) Read More Whole Foods Is Going Into the Restaurant Business GameStop Corp. Returns to Growth With Help From Nintendo 3 Value Stocks for Daring Investors Why Sears Holding Corp. Stock Dropped Today 3 Biggest Opportunities for Starbucks Corporation Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Kiosks, Tablets, and Mobile Orders Coming to a Restaurant Near You @themotleyfool #stocks $MCD, $CMG, $SBUX, $CMCSA, $DPZ, $CHTR
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Classifieds Place an Ad Homes Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 61° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Partly cloudy skies in the morning will give way to cloudy skies during the afternoon. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 78F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Cloudy with rain developing after midnight. Low 56F. Winds light and variable. Chance of rain 80%. Rainfall around a quarter of an inch. Updated: May 26, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell AP Recalls this week: ride-on toys, spinner toys, furniture By The Associated Press May 26, 2017 Updated 11 hrs ago 0 Several models of battery-operated ride-on toys are being recalled because the acceleration pedal can stick, posing a hazard to children. Other recalled consumer products include lamps with defective switches and wicker furniture with lead paint. Here's a more detailed look: RIDE-ON TOYS DETAILS: Three models of 12-volt battery-operated ride-on toys, including Surge 12V Camo 4X4, Surge 12V XL Quad and Tonka 12V Mighty Dump trucks. The recalled ride-on toys have model numbers and date codes listed in the table below. The model number, batch number, serial number and the date code, formatted as "MMDDYYYY," are printed on a label on the bottom of the ride-on toy. The Surge 12V Camo 4X4 was sold at Walmart nationwide between June 2016 and March 2017, the Surge 12V XL Quad sold at Academy Sports + Outdoors stores nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017, and the Tonka 12-volt Might Dump Truck was sold at Toys R Us stores nationwide and online at ToysRUs.com from July 2016 through November 2016. Details on models and serial numbers can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Dynacraft-Recalls-Ride-On-Toys WHY: The acceleration pedal on the ride-on toys can stick, posing fall and crash hazards. INCIDENTS: 19 reports of pedals sticking, including seven reports of minor injuries, including abrasions, cuts and bruises. HOW MANY: About 20,000. FOR MORE: Call Dynacraft at 800-551-0032 from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.dynacraftwheels.com and click on "Product Recalls" at the bottom of the page. SALT ROCK LAMPS DETAILS: Lumière brand Rock Salt Lamps in three styles: Basket of Rocks, Carnival of Lights and Rock of Gibraltar. The lamps are pink in color and are mounted on a wooden base or in a black metal basket. The lamps were sold in black cardboard boxes with a photo of the lamp on the front of the box and the UPC bar code number on the bottom of the box. Lamps with the following UPC numbers are included in the recall: Rock of Gibraltar Lamp with UPC 00886946056253, Carnival of Lights with UPC 00886946058325 and Basket of Rocks with UPC 00886946056277. They were sold at At Home, Christmas tree shops, Michaels and other stores nationwide from July 2016 through December 2016. WHY: The dimmer switch and/or outlet plug can overheat and ignite, posing shock and fire hazards. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 3,900. Also, 80,000 lamps were previously recalled in January 2017. FOR MORE: Call Sportex at 800-652-3490 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Thursday. LIGHT-UP SPINNER TOYS DETAILS: Children's battery-powered, light-up spinner toys sold in two themes: Easter and July 4th. They were sold at Hobby Lobby and Mardel stores nationwide from February 2017 to April 2017. The Easter-themed toys were sold in blue with a pink bunny on the dome and yellow with a yellow and orange chicken on the dome. The July 4th spinners are red with white stars painted on the blue dome. "Hobby Lobby" and item number 9130033 or 9130082 is printed on the spinner handle. The spinners are powered by three LR44 coin cell batteries. WHY: The battery cover can detach and expose the small coin cell batteries, posing choking and ingestion hazards to young children. INCIDENTS: One report of a 14-month-old child who ingested the battery. An x-ray was conducted and the battery passed through. HOW MANY: About 43,000. FOR MORE: Call Hobby Lobby Stores at 800-326-7931 between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, or visit www.hobbylobby.com and click on "Recalls" at the bottom of the page. WICKER FURNITURE DETAILS: The Pier 1 Imports Temani collection, which includes a chair, settee and ottoman. The furniture has a Pier 1 Imports logo on the underside of each chair, settee and ottoman. The recall involves the chair with SKU 2769765, settee with SKU 2860548 and Ottoman with SKU 2769778. They were sold at Pier 1 Imports stores nationwide and at www.Pier1.com from March 2014 to April 2017. WHY: The paint used on the wicker furniture can contain excessive levels of lead, which is a violation of the federal lead paint standard. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 2,500 in the U.S. and about 75 sold in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Pier 1 Imports at 855-513-5140 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. CT Saturday, or 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. CT Sunday or visit www.Pier1.com and click on "Product Notes & Recalls" at the bottom of the page. WALL SCONCES DETAILS: Rejuvenation Cypress and Imbrie model articulated wall sconces. The wall sconces have articulating jointed arms and adjustable shades in various colors and finishes. They were sold in plug-in (also called pin-up) and hard wired versions. Each sconce has a label located inside the canopy of the sconce that contains the SKU number, configuration ID, manufacturing date and production order number. The following SKU numbers are included in the recall and are printed on the production label: A1327, A1328, A1329, A1330, A1331, A1332, A9591, A9592, A9593, A9594, A9595, A9596, A3621, A3622, A3625, A3626, A3623, A3624. They were sold at Rejuvenation stores nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017. WHY: The joint of the articulating arm can pinch or cut the electrical wire causing it to fray, posing a shock hazard. INCIDENTS: Four reports of the wires of the sconces being pinched or fraying. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 1,055. FOR MORE: Call Rejuvenation at 855-347-2143 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to customerservice@rejuvenation.com or visit www.rejuvenation.com and click on "Safety Recalls" at the bottom of the page. OFFICE CHAIRS DETAILS: This recall involves office chairs with a Leggett & Platt Office Components LP01 synchro slider mechanism. The slider mechanism allows the user to adjust the seat depth. They were sold at Costco, OfficeMax, Office Depot, Staples and other furniture stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Costco.com, OfficeDepot.com, Staples.com, Walmart.com and other online stores from July 2015 through February 2017. The sliders were sold on five brands of office chairs: Hon, Hugg, JSI, Sitmatic and Via Seating. More details can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Office-Chairs-Recalled-by-Leggett-Platt-Office-Components . WHY: Seat slider bolts and push nuts can disconnect and fall from the chair, which could cause the seat to detach from the chair, posing a fall hazard to consumers. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 47,900 in the U.S. and about 1,000 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Leggett & Platt at 844-516-3615 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to LP01service@leggett.com or visit www.lpworkfurniture.com and click on "Product Recall" at the top of the page. DIGITAL CLAMP METERS DETAILS: Extech digital clamp meters with model numbers EX650, EX655, MA160, MA61, and MA63. These models are all AC/DC clamp meters, which are electrical testing devices that measure AC/DC voltage, resistance, capacitance, frequency, temperature, continuity, and diode. Serial numbers in the following format are included in the recall: R15XXXXXXX to R17XXXXXXX. The "EXTECH" logo and the model number are printed on the front of the unit and the serial number on the back. They were sold at Grainger, Platt Electric Supply stores and industrial and electrical distributors and wholesalers nationwide and online at Amazon.com and other websites from January 2016 through April 2017. WHY: The meters can fail to give an accurate voltage reading, resulting in the operator falsely believing the electrical power is low or off, posing an electrocution hazard. INCIDENTS: Two reports of clamp meters displaying an incorrect voltage reading. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: 1,700 in the U.S. and 20 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Extech at 855-239-8324 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to meter.recall@extech.com, or visit www.extech.com and click on "Safety Notices" at the bottom of the page. LAWN MOWERS DETAILS: Kobalt and Greenworks brands of cordless electric walk-behind lawn mowers. The recalled lawn mowers have four wheels (two smaller ones in the front and two larger ones in the back), a 40-volt max lithium ion battery and a deck width of 20 inches. Both models have a large label on the rear bag door area with a serial number, model number and date code. The Kobalt brand mowers also have an item number on the label. "Kobalt" or "Greenworks" is printed on the side of the bag. Kobalt model number KM2040X-06 and Greenworks G-Max model number 25302 are included in the recall. They were sold at Lowe's and other retailers nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Lowes.com and other websites from May 2014 through July 2016. WHY: The circuit board in the lawn mower can short circuit and catch fire, posing a fire hazard to users. INCIDENTS: 12 reported incidents with the recalled lawn mowers including 5 reports of fires. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 28,000. FOR MORE: Call Hongkong Sun Rise Trading at 888-266-7096 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET any day or visit www.greenworkstools.com and click on "Important Safety Notice" at the bottom of the page. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business Lifestyle Personal Finance Toys Recreation And Leisure Child Product Recalls Child Product Safety Product Safety Products And Services Corporate News Product Recalls × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Sylvan Glen supper club to reopen in coming months Elmaro, Wisconsin Winery of the Year, exceeds growth expectations Owners announce Valley View Mall is for sale Where are college graduates drowning in student debt? Which states gamble the most? Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Home Weather 81° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Watch: Suspects caught on camera using stolen credit cards Sugar Land police are looking for three people who used credit cards stolen at stores in First Colony Mall in April. KHOU.com , KHOU 1:29 PM. CDT May 26, 2017 Sugar Land police are looking for three people who used credit cards stolen at stores in First Colony Mall in April. CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST SUGAR LAND, Texas - Sugar Land police are looking for three people who used credit cards stolen at stores in First Colony Mall in April. According to the Sugar Land Police Department, a woman told police she placed her wallet containing cash and credits cards on a counter while working at Dillard's on April 10 at 12:30 p.m.  She was unable to locate the wallet 30 minutes later. Her bank card was used to make unauthorized purchases at Walmart, 345 Highway 6, at 3:30 p.m. the same day.  She contacted police on April 18. Police reviewed surveillance video at Walmart and saw a black female wearing a blonde wig, glasses, a beige shirt and tan pants use the stolen credit card.  The suspect was accompanied by another black female wearing a beanie hat, glasses and a blue/white shirt with the number "88."  They exited the store and left in a grey, four-door Mercedes. Another woman told police she placed her purse containing a bank card, credit cards and other personal items in a cabinet under a register while working at Macy's on April 18. Her bank notified her about suspicious activity on her card at 9 p.m. She returned to the cabinet, and her purse was gone.  She later discovered her card was used at a Shell gas station, 1484 State Highway 6.  A review of surveillance video from Shell showed two woman using the stolen card. One of the women was also seen on video using a stolen card at Walmart. A third woman told police she arrived to work at Chico`s on April 19 at 1 p.m.  She placed a purse containing cash, credit cards and other personal items in an unsecured locker.  Her husband contacted her later that evening to report unauthorized purchases that were made with one of her cards, including one at Target, 16300 Southwest Freeway.  She returned to the locker and her purse was missing. A review of surveillance footage at Target showed two women using the stolen card. They were the same two suspects who used a stolen card at Walmart. Anyone with information should call the Sugar Land Police Department at (281) 275-2540 or Fort Bend County Crime Stoppers at (281) 342-TIPS (8477). © 2017 KHOU-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Student named 'most likely to be a terrorist' Man in 'fake homeless guy video' speaks out Convicted nurse, 'Angel of Death', to face new murder charge Virus wiping out crawfish in south Louisiana, Houston farmers concerned Caught on camera: Man arrested after driving erratically Fired Baytown officer charged with bribery Greg Kelley's family reacts to news Video released of teacher kissing student 1 killed, 1 wounded in shootout at gas station parking lot Governor signs "passing the trash" bill More Stories Trooper who survived crash warns of drunk driving May 26, 2017, 11:04 p.m. 'Most likely to become a terrorist' story causes outrage May 26, 2017, 4:38 p.m. Gov. Abbott jokes about shooting reporters after… May 26, 2017, 12:18 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Missing Kids Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Animals Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week Eclipse About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
Home Top 50 How To Magazine Franchise 500 Events Subscribe Top Trending: 5 Affordable Franchises You Can Start for Less Than $10,000 Older Entrepreneurs How Older Entrepreneurs Can Turn Age to Their Advantage Nearly a quarter of new entrepreneurs are boomers aged 55 to 64. They have experience, financial stability and extensive networks. Image credit: Westend61 | Getty Images Roger St. Pierre Guest Writer SVP at First Western Federal Savings Bank ---Shares May 26, 2017 Reader Resource Apply now to be an Entrepreneur 360™ company. Let us tell the world your success story. Get Started » The youthful, vibrant faces of Mark Zuckerberg and Elon Musk are representative of widely known entrepreneurial icons. But few people would conjure the more etched faces of Sam Walton (who founded Walmart at age 44) or Charles Flint (who founded IBM at 61) when asked to name a successful entrepreneur. Why entrepreneurship is so often correlated with youth rather than corporate experience isn’t clear, particularly considering that age is becoming a huge contributing factor to entrepreneurial success. In 1997, those between ages 55 and 64 constituted only 15 percent of burgeoning entrepreneurs. By 2016, that number reached 24 percent, according to the Kauffman Index of Entrepreneurship. Moreover, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics reports that those 65 and over are the most likely in America to be self-employed, with nearly 16 percent fitting that description. Related: There Are More Older Americans in the Workforce Than Ever Before, Pew Says As new technologies make many traditional functions obsolete, those of older generations find themselves shut out of jobs simply because businesses can hire and train younger, less experienced people for less money. But there are other incentives for older professionals to launch new businesses or become independent contractors in their fields of expertise. By embracing entrepreneurship in the “retirement” years, they can offer a wealth of support for those who might follow in their footsteps. Older professionals with long, successful careers under their belts are leveraging their experience and talent. In a rapidly changing technology-obsessed world, what better retirement investment could there be? The middle-aged entrepreneur has a formidable range of weaponry to use against his young competitors, including depth of experience, wisdom, accumulated wealth and confidence. So how can middle-aged entrepreneurs leverage these advantages and establish their entrepreneurial prowess? 1. Cultivate a vast network. According to psychologist Adam Grant, research proves that success doesn’t come just from hard work and talent -- it’s also contingent upon whom you know. Thus, business leaders should continually explore contacts in their field and keep potential investors or business partners apprised of progress. That way, they can multiply efforts to obtain capital and conduits for new business. If others know about a new business venture, they will be likelier to refer other potential sources of expertise or capital. Luckily for older generations, who aren’t typically known for being online networking wizards, networking is actually better conducted in person. According to The Wall Street Journal, a survey found that 82 percent of respondents feel in-person meetings elicit positive responses; 85 percent feel they lead to breakthrough thinking. “You can’t beat face-to-face meetings for opening the relationship or closing the decision,” added Tom Shaughnessy, who runs Sprint’s small business segment. remember: The longer a professional is active in his industry, the more contacts he develops. However, as older professionals look to expand their networks, consider recruiting a mentor -- no, not a “seasoned” one like you’re probably thinking, but a young one who could balance your efforts and show you the new ways of this ever-evolving, digitalized and fast-paced new world. This young mentor can open doors you didn’t know existed, ultimately expanding your network. 2. Leverage your accrued business experience. It’s undeniable: Starting a business venture later in life means you now have decades of life experience to reference and use. You’re seasoned, and your business acumen is more honed than it ever was in your 20s. Know-how is invaluable. A stint in the trenches comes with a true education of the dangers that lurk and the mistakes to avoid -- something the younger entrepreneur cannot draw upon. The evidence of this is that typical American entrepreneurs are empty-nester parents aged between 55 and 65, not their Silicon Valley-educated children who spend hours coding in their bedrooms and listening to Daft Punk. While you may be eager, you’re still patient -- you’re willing to take steps slowly (even those you’d rather get over with) to give your business its best chances of success. The good news of being a more seasoned businessperson doesn’t end there: Turns out, investors would much prefer to nurture those who have “been there, done that.” Investors are far likelier to part with their funds for those who “put their money where their mouth is” and demonstrate successful track records. By the time professionals have reached middle age, they’ve likely accumulated some wealth -- a great asset when forming a new company and attracting investors. Another great asset -- one that can’t be stressed enough -- is being able to prove your know-how and worth to potential investors. Draw on your accumulated expertise to showcase your industry experience, financial stability, business model effectiveness and overall competency to investors. Related: 12 Benefits of Hiring Older Workers 3. Own your age. According to a 2014 report by Stanford Center on Longevity, older employees are considered pillars at their companies: They’re better collaborators, and they’re more loyal. They also make excellent mentors. Another report by Global Entrepreneurship Monitor highlights this further: “The world is beginning to understand how senior entrepreneurs with their wealth of work and life experience, deep networks, and eagerness to remain productive are a huge untapped resource,” said lead author of the report, Thomas Schøtt. “It is time that we stop thinking about this demographic as a liability and instead recognize them as assets, and work across sectors to help break down barriers to unleash their potential.” Pioneers really do get better with age. A Founder Institute study shows that a 55-year-old and a 65-year-old have more innovation potential than a 25-year-old. Harvard Business Review says experienced workers provide emotional and intellectual stability in the workplace, and both are essential to innovation success: “Think about it -- disruptive innovation is about playing where no one wants to play (low-end), or has thought of playing (new market).” According to the National Academies Press, studies have shown that older workers have advantages over their younger peers. In fact, age is believed to potentially enhance performance at work: “For example, crystallized knowledge (that which has accumulated and is stored, often contrasted with fluid knowledge, which refers to the flexible solution of novel problems) and its positive impact on work is likely to be greater in 50-year-old than 20-year-old workers.” So there you have it -- harness and embrace your age; use it to set an example for your younger cohorts, and remember that age is just a number. Experience is invaluable. Related: Hiring Your Mom or Dad Inspiration can be found in many famous success stories. The founder of McDonald’s, Ray Kroc, sold milkshake mixers until age 52, while Mary Kay Ash, monarch of the cosmetics industry, sold home décor items until she was 45. So often, older pioneers emulate a good Bordeaux in contrast to the age-averse Beaujolais Nouveau. The mature entrepreneur exudes depth of knowledge, rich expertise and wealth, making him a highly valuable commodity in the eyes of the investor and society. Roger St. Pierre Roger St. Pierre is senior vice president at First Western Federal Savings Bank, one of the nation’s leading brokers of IRA non recourse loans specializing in customized lending on income-producing properties. Operating... Read more Networking Baby Boomers Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Older Entrepreneurs Company Advertise Brand Licensing Contact Us Staff Contribute Upcoming Events Customer Care Strategies Webinar Ask Entrepreneur Entrepreneur 360™ Livestream Products Business Books Reprints & Licensing Classifieds Editions United States Middle East India Español Albanian Philippines South Africa China Connect Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Instagram YouTube Flickr Tumblr RSS Feedly Join Our Newsletter Get our best stories of the week direct to your inbox. Subscribe Now Gift Subscriptions Subscriber Services Digital Editions iOSAndroidKindle Copyright © 2017 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Site Map Follow Us Current Edition United States India Middle East Español Sections Latest Top 50 How To Magazine Leadership Growth Strategies Marketing Technology Social Media Finance Entrepreneurs Starting a Business Franchises Magazine More Business Forms Video Events Newsletters Bookstore About Us Contact Us Advertise Reprints & Licensing Privacy Policy Cookies Policy Terms of Use © 2017 Entrepreneur Media, Inc. Skip Advertisement This ad will close in 15 seconds... OK This website uses cookies to allow us to see how our website and related online services are being used. By continuing to use this website, you consent to our cookie collection. More information about how we collect cookies is found here. Stay Informed. Be Inspired. Receive customized news, stories and solutions direct to your inbox. Enter your email Invalid Email
Local News Sports Business Shopping 65° Full Menu 65° Home Customer Service Customer Service About Us Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Crime Databases Education Government & Politics Local News Nation & World Military Obituaries Obits Archive Traffic Watchdog Weather Blogs & Columns Matt Driscoll Sports Sports College High School Preps Stats Mariners Seahawks Sounders Tacoma Rainiers UW Huskies Blogs & Columns Dave Boling Huskies Insider Blog John McGrath Mariners Insider Blog Seahawks Insider Blog Sounders Insider Blog Politics Politics Business Business Consumers People in Business New Businesses Port of Tacoma Real Estate Opinion Opinion Cartoons Editorials Letters to the Editor Op-Ed Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Living Living Fitness Food & Drink Home & Garden Religion Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Comics Puzzles & Games Events Calendar Horoscopes Movies TNT Diner Outdoors Outdoors Fishing Partners The Olympian The Peninsula Gateway The Puyallup Herald Northwest Guardian NIE KIRO7 Shopping Classifieds Place An Ad Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Business May 26, 2017 10:29 AM Recalls this week: ride-on toys, spinner toys, furniture The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Several models of battery-operated ride-on toys are being recalled because the acceleration pedal can stick, posing a hazard to children. Other recalled consumer products include lamps with defective switches and wicker furniture with lead paint. Here's a more detailed look: RIDE-ON TOYS DETAILS: Three models of 12-volt battery-operated ride-on toys, including Surge 12V Camo 4X4, Surge 12V XL Quad and Tonka 12V Mighty Dump trucks. The recalled ride-on toys have model numbers and date codes listed in the table below. The model number, batch number, serial number and the date code, formatted as "MMDDYYYY," are printed on a label on the bottom of the ride-on toy. The Surge 12V Camo 4X4 was sold at Walmart nationwide between June 2016 and March 2017, the Surge 12V XL Quad sold at Academy Sports + Outdoors stores nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017, and the Tonka 12-volt Might Dump Truck was sold at Toys R Us stores nationwide and online at ToysRUs.com from July 2016 through November 2016. Details on models and serial numbers can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Dynacraft-Recalls-Ride-On-Toys WHY: The acceleration pedal on the ride-on toys can stick, posing fall and crash hazards. INCIDENTS: 19 reports of pedals sticking, including seven reports of minor injuries, including abrasions, cuts and bruises. HOW MANY: About 20,000. FOR MORE: Call Dynacraft at 800-551-0032 from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.dynacraftwheels.com and click on "Product Recalls" at the bottom of the page. SALT ROCK LAMPS DETAILS: Lumière brand Rock Salt Lamps in three styles: Basket of Rocks, Carnival of Lights and Rock of Gibraltar. The lamps are pink in color and are mounted on a wooden base or in a black metal basket. The lamps were sold in black cardboard boxes with a photo of the lamp on the front of the box and the UPC bar code number on the bottom of the box. Lamps with the following UPC numbers are included in the recall: Rock of Gibraltar Lamp with UPC 00886946056253, Carnival of Lights with UPC 00886946058325 and Basket of Rocks with UPC 00886946056277. They were sold at At Home, Christmas tree shops, Michaels and other stores nationwide from July 2016 through December 2016. WHY: The dimmer switch and/or outlet plug can overheat and ignite, posing shock and fire hazards. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 3,900. Also, 80,000 lamps were previously recalled in January 2017. FOR MORE: Call Sportex at 800-652-3490 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Thursday. LIGHT-UP SPINNER TOYS DETAILS: Children's battery-powered, light-up spinner toys sold in two themes: Easter and July 4th. They were sold at Hobby Lobby and Mardel stores nationwide from February 2017 to April 2017. The Easter-themed toys were sold in blue with a pink bunny on the dome and yellow with a yellow and orange chicken on the dome. The July 4th spinners are red with white stars painted on the blue dome. "Hobby Lobby" and item number 9130033 or 9130082 is printed on the spinner handle. The spinners are powered by three LR44 coin cell batteries. WHY: The battery cover can detach and expose the small coin cell batteries, posing choking and ingestion hazards to young children. INCIDENTS: One report of a 14-month-old child who ingested the battery. An x-ray was conducted and the battery passed through. HOW MANY: About 43,000. FOR MORE: Call Hobby Lobby Stores at 800-326-7931 between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, or visit www.hobbylobby.com and click on "Recalls" at the bottom of the page. WICKER FURNITURE DETAILS: The Pier 1 Imports Temani collection, which includes a chair, settee and ottoman. The furniture has a Pier 1 Imports logo on the underside of each chair, settee and ottoman. The recall involves the chair with SKU 2769765, settee with SKU 2860548 and Ottoman with SKU 2769778. They were sold at Pier 1 Imports stores nationwide and at www.Pier1.com from March 2014 to April 2017. WHY: The paint used on the wicker furniture can contain excessive levels of lead, which is a violation of the federal lead paint standard. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 2,500 in the U.S. and about 75 sold in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Pier 1 Imports at 855-513-5140 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. CT Saturday, or 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. CT Sunday or visit www.Pier1.com and click on "Product Notes & Recalls" at the bottom of the page. WALL SCONCES DETAILS: Rejuvenation Cypress and Imbrie model articulated wall sconces. The wall sconces have articulating jointed arms and adjustable shades in various colors and finishes. They were sold in plug-in (also called pin-up) and hard wired versions. Each sconce has a label located inside the canopy of the sconce that contains the SKU number, configuration ID, manufacturing date and production order number. The following SKU numbers are included in the recall and are printed on the production label: A1327, A1328, A1329, A1330, A1331, A1332, A9591, A9592, A9593, A9594, A9595, A9596, A3621, A3622, A3625, A3626, A3623, A3624. They were sold at Rejuvenation stores nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017. WHY: The joint of the articulating arm can pinch or cut the electrical wire causing it to fray, posing a shock hazard. INCIDENTS: Four reports of the wires of the sconces being pinched or fraying. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 1,055. FOR MORE: Call Rejuvenation at 855-347-2143 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to customerservice@rejuvenation.com or visit www.rejuvenation.com and click on "Safety Recalls" at the bottom of the page. OFFICE CHAIRS DETAILS: This recall involves office chairs with a Leggett & Platt Office Components LP01 synchro slider mechanism. The slider mechanism allows the user to adjust the seat depth. They were sold at Costco, OfficeMax, Office Depot, Staples and other furniture stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Costco.com, OfficeDepot.com, Staples.com, Walmart.com and other online stores from July 2015 through February 2017. The sliders were sold on five brands of office chairs: Hon, Hugg, JSI, Sitmatic and Via Seating. More details can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Office-Chairs-Recalled-by-Leggett-Platt-Office-Components . WHY: Seat slider bolts and push nuts can disconnect and fall from the chair, which could cause the seat to detach from the chair, posing a fall hazard to consumers. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 47,900 in the U.S. and about 1,000 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Leggett & Platt at 844-516-3615 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to LP01service@leggett.com or visit www.lpworkfurniture.com and click on "Product Recall" at the top of the page. DIGITAL CLAMP METERS DETAILS: Extech digital clamp meters with model numbers EX650, EX655, MA160, MA61, and MA63. These models are all AC/DC clamp meters, which are electrical testing devices that measure AC/DC voltage, resistance, capacitance, frequency, temperature, continuity, and diode. Serial numbers in the following format are included in the recall: R15XXXXXXX to R17XXXXXXX. The "EXTECH" logo and the model number are printed on the front of the unit and the serial number on the back. They were sold at Grainger, Platt Electric Supply stores and industrial and electrical distributors and wholesalers nationwide and online at Amazon.com and other websites from January 2016 through April 2017. WHY: The meters can fail to give an accurate voltage reading, resulting in the operator falsely believing the electrical power is low or off, posing an electrocution hazard. INCIDENTS: Two reports of clamp meters displaying an incorrect voltage reading. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: 1,700 in the U.S. and 20 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Extech at 855-239-8324 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to meter.recall@extech.com, or visit www.extech.com and click on "Safety Notices" at the bottom of the page. LAWN MOWERS DETAILS: Kobalt and Greenworks brands of cordless electric walk-behind lawn mowers. The recalled lawn mowers have four wheels (two smaller ones in the front and two larger ones in the back), a 40-volt max lithium ion battery and a deck width of 20 inches. Both models have a large label on the rear bag door area with a serial number, model number and date code. The Kobalt brand mowers also have an item number on the label. "Kobalt" or "Greenworks" is printed on the side of the bag. Kobalt model number KM2040X-06 and Greenworks G-Max model number 25302 are included in the recall. They were sold at Lowe's and other retailers nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Lowes.com and other websites from May 2014 through July 2016. WHY: The circuit board in the lawn mower can short circuit and catch fire, posing a fire hazard to users. INCIDENTS: 12 reported incidents with the recalled lawn mowers including 5 reports of fires. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 28,000. FOR MORE: Call Hongkong Sun Rise Trading at 888-266-7096 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET any day or visit www.greenworkstools.com and click on "Important Safety Notice" at the bottom of the page. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Tips on how to land your next job 2:46 a day ago Tips on how to land your next job 1:19 7 days ago ThinkGeek comes to the Tacoma Mall 3:20 17 days ago What $28 million buys you in Washington state View More Video Business Texas 'bathroom bill' near collapse over GOP standoff Central Co-op selects new Tacoma site Point Ruston hotel will have gorgeous views. And you’ll pay a premium for them. New Mexico governor restores university funds, vetoes taxes So, how many people got jobs with Amazon in one day in Tacoma? Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store RSS Feeds Contests Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Submit a Photo Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2898 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: Smith & Wesson’s M&P M2.0 Pistol 4:03 PM 05/24/2017 Why She’ll Want A Smith & Wesson M&P M2.0 4:45 PM 05/23/2017 Sheriff Jim Wilson: Understanding The Flash Sight Picture 4:14 PM 05/18/2017 Gun Test: Ruger LCP II Pistol 4:41 PM 05/17/2017 Everything You Need To Know For Handgun Shooting 11:37 AM 05/16/2017 U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local Politics I-40 billboard links 9/11 attacks to travel ban Local News Visitors, bystanders warn residents of Raleigh apartment fire Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest is May 26-29 Get more info › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Sponsor Weather Funnel cloud moves through Statesville, NC DUALDoppler5000 Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw NC State NC State's Henderson denied 6th year by NCAA Baseball UNC beats NC State 12-4, advances to ACC semifinals Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business CEO pay by the numbers: How big were last year's raises? Venture/Innovation Durham hologram startup wins Silicon Valley showcase (WTW Insider) Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Disguising voter suppression behind mask of voter ID DRAUGHON DRAWS: Sen. Hise, Food Stamp overseer Editorial: High court's firm ruling paves way for nonpartisan redistricting Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Free Memorial Day offers for Military 2017 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings: Fei Huang, HWY 55 Burgers, Amante 5 On Your Side Firing up your grill this weekend? Loose brush bristles can make a cookout dangerous 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Be a lifeguard: Stay alert to prevent childhood drownings National News Copperhead bites NC boy at his birthday party Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Mom keeps spirits up as balloon volunteer while sailor son serves Out and About Foodie news: Boylan Bridge Brewpub nears reopening Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Out and About Gold star families honored before balloons take flight Out and About Spectators cheer as balloons glow Live Video Schedule 6a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › 64° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 64° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather 2 NC counties and 1 VA county are under alert, including Halifax and Northampton counties. Details Published: 2017-05-26 05:00:00 Updated: 2017-05-26 23:16:14 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks Tags: Freebies Posted 5:00 a.m. yesterday Updated 11:16 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18B9M Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters Most Memorial Day sales are about saving you money. With Swagbucks, you'll earn money too! Right now, they are offering increased cash back (in the form of SB points) at several of your favorite merchants. If you haven't heard of Swagbucks, when you shop there you get cash back in the form of SB points for every dollar you spend. Then you redeem those points for gift cards to places like Amazon, PayPal, Starbucks, Walmart, Target, and more! Plus, if you've signed up through my links HERE, at some point this month (or do it now), you'll get a $2 (200 SB) bonus added to your account when you spend $25 or more through Swagbucks Shop before the first of June! You can earn SB in all sorts of ways, including discovering deals and trying new products/services, watching videos, taking surveys, or just searching the web! Get your shopping done early AND get points for it! Offers last through Monday, May 29th, 2017. See all the sales and bonus SB points at Swagbucks.com HERE. New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. Look below for a bonus sign up code! How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. This post contains affiliate links and I appreciate your using them! More On This IMAGE: Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks 1 Swagbucks Memorial Day Sale Swagbucks.com website Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers $175 Off - Electric Panel Replacement Myrtle Beach Spring Specials - Save Now UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel The 'as low as" rate is at 3.12% APR (15 yr.) Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com 2 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments 2 Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Faye Prosser -WRAL Smart Shopper May 26, 1:47 p.m. ascherer - you are welcome!! QUOTE Report as abuse ascherer May 26, 1:32 p.m. Faye - Thanks QUOTE Report as abuse Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About WRAL Balloon Fest lights up Fuquay-Varina skies Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Winds keep balloons grounded on Day 1 Family Alabama twins post perfect scores on ACT tests Health Team Ex-Texas nurse accused of killing dozens of kids in 1980s Local Politics I-40 billboard links 9/11 attacks to travel ban National News Copperhead bites NC boy at his birthday party Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Iraq war veteran, service dog forced to leave Illinois store Out and About WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest National News Texas man catches 13-pound bullfrog 5 On Your Side Best gas grills: Add some sizzle to your summer barbecue Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Food This map shows the most popular food in every state Business CEO pay by the numbers: How big were last year's raises? Green Guide Outer Banks beach named among best in US, ranking says Weather Look up: International Space Station more visible through Saturday Go Ask Mom Open, closed: Memorial Day weekend hours for family-friendly destinations High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Out and About Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Out and About Pirates of the Caribbean: Please let this be the last one Lifestyles Which way do you face in the shower? Go Ask Mom Summer Movies! Check our database for free, cheap series Local Politics I-40 billboard links 9/11 attacks to travel ban Political News New 'Blue Lives Matter' laws raise concerns among activists Local News Durham officials, merchants look to end 'NASCAR speedway' around downtown Entertainment Ariana Grande planning benefit concert in Manchester National News Texas man catches 13-pound bullfrog SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? SmartShopper Avocado Toast: My new favorite recipe SmartShopper Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks Out and About Plan to park and walk to WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest @NCCapitol Cooper again challenges lawmakers over appointment powers SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About WRAL Balloon Fest lights up Fuquay-Varina skies Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Winds keep balloons grounded on Day 1 Family Alabama twins post perfect scores on ACT tests Health Team Ex-Texas nurse accused of killing dozens of kids in 1980s Local Politics I-40 billboard links 9/11 attacks to travel ban National News Copperhead bites NC boy at his birthday party Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Iraq war veteran, service dog forced to leave Illinois store Out and About WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest National News Texas man catches 13-pound bullfrog 5 On Your Side Best gas grills: Add some sizzle to your summer barbecue Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Food This map shows the most popular food in every state Business CEO pay by the numbers: How big were last year's raises? Green Guide Outer Banks beach named among best in US, ranking says Weather Look up: International Space Station more visible through Saturday Go Ask Mom Open, closed: Memorial Day weekend hours for family-friendly destinations High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Out and About Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Out and About Pirates of the Caribbean: Please let this be the last one Lifestyles Which way do you face in the shower? Go Ask Mom Summer Movies! Check our database for free, cheap series Local Politics I-40 billboard links 9/11 attacks to travel ban Political News New 'Blue Lives Matter' laws raise concerns among activists Local News Durham officials, merchants look to end 'NASCAR speedway' around downtown Entertainment Ariana Grande planning benefit concert in Manchester National News Texas man catches 13-pound bullfrog SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? SmartShopper Avocado Toast: My new favorite recipe SmartShopper Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks Out and About Plan to park and walk to WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest @NCCapitol Cooper again challenges lawmakers over appointment powers WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Which agency is hiring?•Lawmaker pushes back on benefit cuts•When will Navy get its bigger fleet? Headlines Get Email Alerts Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Recalls this week: ride-on… Recalls this week: ride-on toys, spinner toys, furniture By The Associated Press May 26, 2017 1:27 pm 8 min read Share Several models of battery-operated ride-on toys are being recalled because the acceleration pedal can stick, posing a hazard to children. Other recalled consumer products include lamps with defective switches and wicker furniture with lead paint. Here’s a more detailed look: RIDE-ON TOYS DETAILS: Three models of 12-volt battery-operated ride-on toys, including Surge 12V Camo 4X4, Surge 12V XL Quad and Tonka 12V Mighty Dump trucks. The recalled ride-on toys have model numbers and date codes listed in the table below. The model number, batch number, serial number and the date code, formatted as “MMDDYYYY,” are printed on a label on the bottom of the ride-on toy. The Surge 12V Camo 4X4 was sold at Walmart nationwide between June 2016 and March 2017, the Surge 12V XL Quad sold at Academy Sports + Outdoors stores nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017, and the Tonka 12-volt Might Dump Truck was sold at Toys R Us stores nationwide and online at ToysRUs.com from July 2016 through November 2016. Details on models and serial numbers can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Dynacraft-Recalls-Ride-On-Toys Download our online chat with Col. Brandon Pearce, chief information security officer for the National Geospatial-Intelligence Agency. Advertisement WHY: The acceleration pedal on the ride-on toys can stick, posing fall and crash hazards. INCIDENTS: 19 reports of pedals sticking, including seven reports of minor injuries, including abrasions, cuts and bruises. HOW MANY: About 20,000. FOR MORE: Call Dynacraft at 800-551-0032 from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.dynacraftwheels.com and click on “Product Recalls” at the bottom of the page. SALT ROCK LAMPS DETAILS: Lumière brand Rock Salt Lamps in three styles: Basket of Rocks, Carnival of Lights and Rock of Gibraltar. The lamps are pink in color and are mounted on a wooden base or in a black metal basket. The lamps were sold in black cardboard boxes with a photo of the lamp on the front of the box and the UPC bar code number on the bottom of the box. Lamps with the following UPC numbers are included in the recall: Rock of Gibraltar Lamp with UPC 00886946056253, Carnival of Lights with UPC 00886946058325 and Basket of Rocks with UPC 00886946056277. They were sold at At Home, Christmas tree shops, Michaels and other stores nationwide from July 2016 through December 2016. Congress asks: Are federal employees overpaid? WHY: The dimmer switch and/or outlet plug can overheat and ignite, posing shock and fire hazards. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 3,900. Also, 80,000 lamps were previously recalled in January 2017. FOR MORE: Call Sportex at 800-652-3490 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Thursday. LIGHT-UP SPINNER TOYS DETAILS: Children’s battery-powered, light-up spinner toys sold in two themes: Easter and July 4th. They were sold at Hobby Lobby and Mardel stores nationwide from February 2017 to April 2017. The Easter-themed toys were sold in blue with a pink bunny on the dome and yellow with a yellow and orange chicken on the dome. The July 4th spinners are red with white stars painted on the blue dome. “Hobby Lobby” and item number 9130033 or 9130082 is printed on the spinner handle. The spinners are powered by three LR44 coin cell batteries. WHY: The battery cover can detach and expose the small coin cell batteries, posing choking and ingestion hazards to young children. INCIDENTS: One report of a 14-month-old child who ingested the battery. An x-ray was conducted and the battery passed through. HOW MANY: About 43,000. FOR MORE: Call Hobby Lobby Stores at 800-326-7931 between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, or visit www.hobbylobby.com and click on “Recalls” at the bottom of the page. WICKER FURNITURE DETAILS: The Pier 1 Imports Temani collection, which includes a chair, settee and ottoman. The furniture has a Pier 1 Imports logo on the underside of each chair, settee and ottoman. The recall involves the chair with SKU 2769765, settee with SKU 2860548 and Ottoman with SKU 2769778. They were sold at Pier 1 Imports stores nationwide and at www.Pier1.com from March 2014 to April 2017. WHY: The paint used on the wicker furniture can contain excessive levels of lead, which is a violation of the federal lead paint standard. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 2,500 in the U.S. and about 75 sold in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Pier 1 Imports at 855-513-5140 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. CT Saturday, or 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. CT Sunday or visit www.Pier1.com and click on “Product Notes & Recalls” at the bottom of the page. WALL SCONCES DETAILS: Rejuvenation Cypress and Imbrie model articulated wall sconces. The wall sconces have articulating jointed arms and adjustable shades in various colors and finishes. They were sold in plug-in (also called pin-up) and hard wired versions. Each sconce has a label located inside the canopy of the sconce that contains the SKU number, configuration ID, manufacturing date and production order number. The following SKU numbers are included in the recall and are printed on the production label: A1327, A1328, A1329, A1330, A1331, A1332, A9591, A9592, A9593, A9594, A9595, A9596, A3621, A3622, A3625, A3626, A3623, A3624. They were sold at Rejuvenation stores nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017. WHY: The joint of the articulating arm can pinch or cut the electrical wire causing it to fray, posing a shock hazard. INCIDENTS: Four reports of the wires of the sconces being pinched or fraying. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 1,055. FOR MORE: Call Rejuvenation at 855-347-2143 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to customerservice@rejuvenation.com or visit www.rejuvenation.com and click on “Safety Recalls” at the bottom of the page. OFFICE CHAIRS DETAILS: This recall involves office chairs with a Leggett & Platt Office Components LP01 synchro slider mechanism. The slider mechanism allows the user to adjust the seat depth. They were sold at Costco, OfficeMax, Office Depot, Staples and other furniture stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Costco.com, OfficeDepot.com, Staples.com, Walmart.com and other online stores from July 2015 through February 2017. The sliders were sold on five brands of office chairs: Hon, Hugg, JSI, Sitmatic and Via Seating. More details can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Office-Chairs-Recalled-by-Leggett-Platt-Office-Components . WHY: Seat slider bolts and push nuts can disconnect and fall from the chair, which could cause the seat to detach from the chair, posing a fall hazard to consumers. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 47,900 in the U.S. and about 1,000 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Leggett & Platt at 844-516-3615 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to LP01service@leggett.com or visit www.lpworkfurniture.com and click on “Product Recall” at the top of the page. DIGITAL CLAMP METERS DETAILS: Extech digital clamp meters with model numbers EX650, EX655, MA160, MA61, and MA63. These models are all AC/DC clamp meters, which are electrical testing devices that measure AC/DC voltage, resistance, capacitance, frequency, temperature, continuity, and diode. Serial numbers in the following format are included in the recall: R15XXXXXXX to R17XXXXXXX. The “EXTECH” logo and the model number are printed on the front of the unit and the serial number on the back. They were sold at Grainger, Platt Electric Supply stores and industrial and electrical distributors and wholesalers nationwide and online at Amazon.com and other websites from January 2016 through April 2017. WHY: The meters can fail to give an accurate voltage reading, resulting in the operator falsely believing the electrical power is low or off, posing an electrocution hazard. INCIDENTS: Two reports of clamp meters displaying an incorrect voltage reading. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: 1,700 in the U.S. and 20 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Extech at 855-239-8324 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to meter.recall@extech.com, or visit www.extech.com and click on “Safety Notices” at the bottom of the page. LAWN MOWERS DETAILS: Kobalt and Greenworks brands of cordless electric walk-behind lawn mowers. The recalled lawn mowers have four wheels (two smaller ones in the front and two larger ones in the back), a 40-volt max lithium ion battery and a deck width of 20 inches. Both models have a large label on the rear bag door area with a serial number, model number and date code. The Kobalt brand mowers also have an item number on the label. “Kobalt” or “Greenworks” is printed on the side of the bag. Kobalt model number KM2040X-06 and Greenworks G-Max model number 25302 are included in the recall. They were sold at Lowe’s and other retailers nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Lowes.com and other websites from May 2014 through July 2016. WHY: The circuit board in the lawn mower can short circuit and catch fire, posing a fire hazard to users. INCIDENTS: 12 reported incidents with the recalled lawn mowers including 5 reports of fires. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 28,000. FOR MORE: Call Hongkong Sun Rise Trading at 888-266-7096 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET any day or visit www.greenworkstools.com and click on “Important Safety Notice” at the bottom of the page. Related Topics Business News Lifestyle News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Recalls this week: ride-on… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories 3 things you missed in the president’s 2018 budget request Top Story Hoyer: Cutting federal employee benefits makes agencies a less attractive employer Budget Under Trump’s 2018 budget proposal, here’s one agency that’s hiring Budget As Air Force tries to grow, it’s still kicking out airmen from previous cuts Air Force Pay, benefits and workforce reductions in the President’s 2018 budget proposal Workforce Fed Photo of the Day Sailors, Marines celebrate Fleet Week with 'Cake Boss' treat Today in History 1830: Andrew Jackson signs Indian Removal Act THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 26, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9205 -0.0024 2.24% L 2020 25.5976 -0.0080 3.69% L 2030 28.5891 -0.0152 5.24% L 2040 30.8167 -0.0199 6.00% L 2050 17.6873 -0.0133 6.69% G Fund 15.3307 0.0010 0.78% F Fund 17.8435 0.0022 1.75% C Fund 33.5942 0.0147 7.16% S Fund 43.2489 -0.0196 5.78% I Fund 28.0385 -0.1001 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
just-style home News & insights News US Q1 in brief – Caleres, Genesco, Dollar Tree, Abercrombie & Fitch By Michelle Russell and Beth Wright | 26 May 2017 Font size Email Print In the most recent first-quarter filings from US apparel and footwear brands and retailers, Guess saw earnings fall on soft Americas sales, while Walmart delivered an encouraging start to the year thanks to higher sales. Kate Spade, meanwhile, saw earnings slump on the back of sales declines, while Hudson's Bay recorded comparable store declines on the back of lower domestic store traffic across all banners.  Caleres First-quarter results from footwear retailer Caleres provided a "solid start" to the year, despite booking a drop in net earnings. For the 13 weeks ended 29 April, net earnings amounted to US$14.9m compared to $17.8m in the year-ago period. The company said its earnings for the quarter included $2.5m after-tax of expected charges related to the Allen Edmonds acquisition, integration and reorganisation of men's brands. Gross margin of 42.9% was up 52 basis points, while net sales were up 8% to $631.5m from $584.7m in the prior year. CEO Diane Sullivan said that despite the continued tough retail environment, "we are pleased with the performance of our Allen Edmonds acquisition, the success of our integration to date, and with our continued shift toward more balanced earnings contribution from both Famous Footwear and Brand Portfolio. And although retail continues to rapidly and significantly evolve, we remain on track for 2017." Genesco  Genesco said its first-quarter performance reflects a number of challenges, many of which were expected, early in the new fiscal year. For the three months ended 29 April, net earnings fell to US$885m from $10.4m in the year-ago period. Net sales were also down, slipping 0.8% to $643m from $649m. Comparable sales, including same store sales and comparable e-commerce and catalog sales, decreased 1%, with a 5% decrease in the Journeys Group, a 1% increase in the Lids Sports Group, a 10% increase in the Schuh Group, and a 3% decrease in the Johnston & Murphy Group. Dollar Tree US discount retailer Dollar Tree saw its first-quarter net income slip US$32.2m to $200.5m, but sales increased 4% to $5.29bn from $5.09bn in the prior year period. Same-store sales for the Dollar Tree banner increased 2.5%. Gross margin edged up to 30.8% compared to 30.6% in the prior year, with improvement driven primarily by lower merchandise and freight costs, partially offset by higher markdowns. Abercrombie & Fitch Abercrombie & Fitch reported a net loss of US$61.7m in the first quarter, compared to net loss of $39.6m last year. Gross margin narrowed 130 basis points to 60.3%. Net sales slipped 4% to $661.1m from $685.5m in the year-ago period, while comparable sales were down 3%. The Abercrombie brand saw sales drop 11% to $286.4m, while Hollister sales were up 3% to $374.7m. Sales in all geographies were also down in the quarter, at 4% to $409.1m in the US, and 3% to $252m in international markets. CEO Fran Horowitz, said: "While we anticipate the second quarter environment to remain promotional, we expect results to improve further in the second half of the year, as we see returns from our strategic investments in marketing and omnichannel."Abercrombie brand saw sales drop 11% to $286.4m, while Hollister sales were up 3% to $374.7m. Sales in all geographies were also down in the quarter, at 4% to $409.1m in the US, and 3% to $252m in international markets. CEO Fran Horowitz, said: "While we anticipate the second quarter environment to remain promotional, we expect results to improve further in the second half of the year, as we see returns from our strategic investments in marketing and omnichannel." Burlington Stores  Burlington Stores saw both earnings and revenue increase in the first quarter, booking a 39.6% rise in net income from US$37.5m to $52.4m in the year ago period. Gross margin expanded 80 basis points to 40.9%, while total sales meanwhile, increased 5.0%, or $63.9m, to $1.3bn. This growth was driven by an increase of $65.1m from new and non-comparable stores, as well as a 0.5% increase in comparable store sales. The 0.5% comparable store sales increase was on top of a 4.3% increase in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Sears Holdings  US retail giant Sears Holdings moved to a profit in the quarter, with net income reaching US$244m, compared to net loss of $471m in the year-ago period. Gross margin narrowed slightly from 21.8% to 21.6%, while net revenues fell to $4.3bn from $5.4bn last year. Sears said the year-over-year decline in revenues was primarily driven by having fewer Kmart and Sears full-line stores in operation, which accounted for $557m of the decline, as well as an 11.9% decline in comparable store sales during the quarter, which accounted for $417m. CEO Edward Lampert, noted: "While this was certainly a challenging quarter for our company, it was also one that clearly demonstrated our commitment to return Sears Holdings to solid financial footing. We recognise that we need to accelerate our efforts to improve our operational performance and are moving decisively with our $1.25bn restructuring program." PVH Corp Apparel giant PVH Corp increased its earnings guidance for the year after its first-quarter earnings exceeded guidance, and despite a 69.7% drop in net income to US$70.1m from $231.6m in the year-ago period. For the quarter ended 30 April, revenue increased 4% to $1.9bn from $1.82bn last year. PVH's Tommy Hilfiger business recorded the highest growth at 6% to $842m, while Calvin Klein revenue was not far behind, up 5% to $756m, compared to the prior year period, which includes a reduction of about $15m resulting from the November 2016 deconsolidation of the company's Calvin Klein business in Mexico. Meanwhile, revenue in the Heritage Brands business for the quarter decreased 3% to $391m, principally resulting from a planned shift in the timing of shipments from the first quarter into the second quarter as compared to the prior year period. CEO Emanuel Chirico said: "Our first quarter performance underscored the power of our diversified business model and the strength in our international businesses. We believe that our brands, led by  Calvin Klein and  Tommy Hilfiger, continue to resonate with consumers and are gaining market share against our competition. As the global retail environment shifts, we continue to focus on adapting to change, while investing in our brands and operating platforms to capitalise on the opportunities for each of our businesses." Shoe Carnival Shoe Carnival saw earnings and sales slip in the first quarter, compared to last year, as net income fell to US$8.2m from $10.7m in the year-ago period. Gross profit margin narrowed to 28.5% from 29%, while net sales dropped 2.7% to $253.4m from $260.5m last year. Comparable store sales were down 3.9%. CEO Cliff Sifford said: "Looking forward, our consistently strong financial position provides the financial flexibility to support our future strategies and further enhance shareholder value over time as a result of our dividend and share repurchase programs." Guess US fashion retailer Guess booked a drop in first-quarter sales on the back of a soft performance in the Americas where the company is looking to shrink its footprint and improve profitability. Group earnings fell to US$21.3m from $25.2m a year earlier, while gross margin narrowed slightly to 31.5% from 31.8%. Net revenues finished at the high-end of expectations, reaching $458.6m from $448.8m. In Europe and in Asia, sales were up 23% and 17%, respectively, driven by new store openings and positive comp sales. In the Americas, sales were down 14.9%. Chico's Chico's said it remains "steadfast" in in executing against its strategic plan to increase profitable sales and long-term earnings after booking a mixed first-quarter. For the thirteen weeks ended 29 April, net income increased to US$33.62m from $31.08m in the year-ago period, while gross margin narrowed slightly to 40.7% from 40.8%. Sales meanwhile, slipped 9.2% to $583.7m compared to $643m last year. The company said the fall primarily reflects a decline in comparable sales of 8.7%, driven by lower average dollar sale and a decline in transaction count. Tilly's Apparel, footwear and accessories retailer Tilly's said its initiatives are gaining traction, as it narrowed its net loss to US$0.2m from $2.7m. Gross margin increased 10 basis points to 27.2% from 27.1% last year, primarily due to an 80 basis point reduction in buying, distribution and occupancy costs, offset by a 70 basis point decline in product margins from increased markdowns. Total sales edged up 0.6% to $120.9m, while comparable sales were also up by 0.6% compared to a 4.1% decline in the same period last year. DSW DWS said sales were challenging in the first quarter, but trends did improve with comps turning positive in April. For the thirteen weeks ended 29 April, net sales increased 1.4% to US$691.1m from $681.3m in the year-ago period, including $22.3m of revenues from Ebuys. Comparable sales decreased 3% compared to last year's 1.6% slip. Net income meanwhile, slipped to $23m compared to $30m last year. Gross margin decreased 180 bps to 28.2% from 30%, driven by planned clearance activity and the addition of Ebuys, offset by disciplined markdown management and favourable sourcing costs. CEO Roger Rawlins, said: "As expected, planned clearance activity and the addition of Ebuys drove lower gross margin and operating income. The investments we have made in our digital capabilities, such as our redesigned website and mobile app, drove robust growth in digital demand. We are intently focused on driving sequential top line improvements through key product and customer initiatives while balancing strategic investments with disciplined expense management." New York & Co New York & Co booked first-quarter results in line with company expectations thanks to celebrity collaborations, a double-digit percentage increase in e-commerce sales and strong gross margin expansion to its highest level in the first quarter since 2008. Net losses narrowed to US$4.2m from $5.7m a year earlier, while gross margin improved 300 basis points to 30.7%. Net sales, however, dropped to $209.9m, a decline of 2.9% from $216m in the prior year, reflecting growth in e-commerce, offset by decreases in brick-and-mortar stores due to the combination of a lower store count (463 this year versus 488 last year) and a 0.7% drop in comparable store sales. JC Penney Retail giant JC Penney saw an improvement in women's apparel, despite widening its net loss to US$180m in the first quarter, compared to net loss of $68m in the year-ago period. For the three months ended 29 April, gross margin was up 10 basis points to 36.3 %, positively impacted by improved selling margins throughout the quarter, which was partially offset by the continued growth in the company's online and major appliance businesses. Net sales meanwhile, slipped 3.7% to $2.7bn from $2.8bn last year. Comparable store sales were down 3.5% for the quarter. CEO Marvin Ellison, said: "We continue to make encouraging progress in the company's competitive and financial position despite our top-line performance during the first quarter. While February was a very challenging month for JCPenney and broader retail, we are pleased with our comp store sales for the combined March and April period, which improved significantly versus February." Foot Locker US footwear retailer Foot Locker described its first-quarter as one of the company's most profitable in its history, despite a slip in net income and falling short of its original expectations. For the period ended 29 April, net income was US$180m, compared to $191m in the year-ago period. Total sales meanwhile, increased 0.7% to $2bn, compared with sales of $1.99bn for the corresponding prior-year period. Comparable-store sales were up 0.5%, while gross margin decreased to 34% from 35% a year ago. CEO Richard Johnson said: "The slow start we experienced in February, which we believe was largely due to the delay in income tax refunds, was unfortunately not fully offset by much stronger sales in March and April. Nonetheless, we believe our banners remain at the centre of a vibrant sneaker culture. We are confident that our customers have not lost their tremendous appetite for athletic footwear and apparel and that our position in the industry is stronger than ever." Cato Corp Cato Corp reported a fall in both sales and earnings for the first quarter, with net income slipping 38% to US$22.2m from $35.9m last year. First-quarter gross margin decreased 390 basis points to 38.7%, primarily due to lower merchandise margins and deleveraging of buying and occupancy costs. Meanwhile, total sales fell to $239.7m, compared to $288m in the year-ago period. Same-store sales were also down, slipping 17%. "Our negative sales trend persisted throughout the first quarter, impacting margins and earnings as we continued to work through our merchandise missteps," stated John Cato, chairman, president, and CEO. "It is taking longer to work through these issues than expected and the remainder of the year will be impacted. We expect earnings for the year to be below last year." The Buckle The Buckle booked a drop in both earnings and sales in the first quarter, with the former dropping to US$16.3m from $23.1m a year earlier. Revenues were down 12.8% to $212.3m from net sales of $243.5m for the year-ago period, while comparable sales fell 12.7%. Online sales were down 7.2% to $21.8m for the 13-week period ended 29 April. The Buckle also announced senior vice president of finance and CFO, Karen Rhoads,who joined the company in 1980, will retire later this summer. Rhoads will continue to serve as a member of the company's board of directors. The board has engaged an executive search firm to assist with the search for Rhoads' replacement. The Bon-Ton Stores US department store retailer The Bon-Ton Stores widened its net loss to US$57.3m in the first quarter, compared to $37.8m in the year-ago period. The York, Pennsylvania-based company saw total sales fall by 9.3% to $536.1m from $591m in the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Comparable store sales decreased 8.8% as compared with the prior year period. Meanwhile, gross margin decreased 170 basis points to 32.2% compared to last year, primarily due to an increase in the markdown rate and increased delivery expenses. CEO Kathryn Bufano said: "Our first quarter results did not meet our expectations due primarily to weak mall traffic trends, unfavourable weather and marketing challenges associated with the Easter calendar shift." Ross Stores Ross Stores booker higher sales and earnings in its first-quarter despite uncertainty and volatility in the market. Earnings reached US$321m from $291m a year earlier. Total sales were up 7% to $3.3bn, while comparable store sales grew 3%. Operating margin of 15.2% exceeded company expectations due to above-plan sales and merchandise margin. For the second quarter, the company is forecasting same store sales to be up 1% to 2%, on top of a 4% gain last year, with earnings per share of $0.73 to $0.76, up from $0.71 in the prior year period. Stage Stores Stage Stores widened its net loss to US$19m from $15.5m in the first quarter as the company incurred after-tax charges primarily associated with the Gordmans acquisition of about $4m. Net sales were also down, falling 7.3% to $308.6m, compared to $332.8m in the prior year. Meanwhile, comparable sales decreased 9.6%. CEO Michael Glazer, noted: "After a challenging February in which we saw negative double digit comps, we began to gain momentum and our business improved significantly during the combined March and April period. While we expect retail headwinds to continue in the near term, we believe that our selective acquisition of prime Gordmans' assets allows us to diversify with an off-price business model. We expect the acquisition to add scale to our business and be meaningfully accretive to our earnings in 2018." Perry Ellis Perry Ellis said it was pleased with a "solid start" to fiscal 2018, with top and bottom line results surpassing guidance, reflecting solid growth in its core brands driven by the earlier shipment of Spring merchandise and strong gross margin expansion. For the three month period, as reported under GAAP, net income was US$12.8m, compared to GAAP net income of $14.3m last year. GAAP Gross margin expanded 120 basis points to 37.6%, while adjusted gross margin expanded 90 basis points. Meanwhile, total sales dropped 7.3% to $242m from $261m last year, but ahead of guidance of $230mto $235 million. The company said the decline reflected a planned decrease in shipments given a reduction of customers' doors and inventory discipline to drive higher margin sales. Walmart Walmart has delivered what analysts say is an encouraging start to the year as sales grew 1.4% in the quarter to US$117.5bn. Excluding currency, sales were up 2.5% to $118.8bn. In its domestic market revenues were up 2.9% to $75.4bn, while international sales climbed 3.5% to $27.1bn. Net earnings, meanwhile, were down 1.3% in the period to $3.04bn. "We delivered a solid first-quarter and we're encouraged by the start to the year. We're moving faster to combine our digital and physical assets to make shopping simple and easy for customers," said CEO Doug McMillon. The Children's Place The Children's Place has booked what it says are "outstanding" operating results in the quarter with comparable sales, operating margin and earnings significantly above last year and the high end of its guidance. Net sales increased 4.1% to US$436.7m on the back of a comparable retail sales increased of 6.1%. Operating margin improved 170 basis points to 11.1%, while net income reached $36.2m from $26m a year earlier. American Eagle Outfitters American Eagle Outfitters booked a mixed first-quarter as earnings slipped but sales increased. For the period ended 29 April, net income fell to US$25.2m from $40.5m last year. Gross margin decreased 270 basis points to 36.5% from 39.2% last year, primarily due to increased promotional activity and higher shipping costs related to a strong digital business. Meanwhile, total net revenue was up 2% to $761.8m, compared to $749.4m in the year-ago period. Consolidated comparable sales were also up 2%, following a 6% increase last year. CEO Jay Schottenstein said: "The first quarter results reflected mall traffic headwinds, especially early in the quarter, with improved trends over Easter and a strong digital business throughout. As we look ahead, we are taking the right steps to improve our results and adjust our business for today's rapidly evolving retail environment." L Brands  L Brands booked a fall in both sales and earnings for the first quarter, with net income slipping to US$94.1m from $152.3m last year. For the three months ended 29 April, net sales fell 7% to $2.44bn compared to $2.61bn in the year-ago period. Comparable sales were also down, falling 9%. L Brands noted the exit of the swim and apparel categories had a negative impact of 6 percentage points and 9 percentage points to total company and Victoria's Secret comparable sales, respectively. Looking ahead, the company increased its guidance for 2017 full-year earnings per share to $3.10 to $3.40 from $3.05 to $3.35 previously, and issued guidance for second quarter earnings per share between $0.40 and $0.45. Target Corp US retail group Target said its first-quarter financial performance was "better" than its expectations, as net earnings rose 7.7% to US$681m from $632m in the year-ago period. For the three months ended 29 April, sales slipped 1.1% to $16.0bn compared to $16.2bn last year, reflecting a comparable sales decline of 1.3%, partially offset by the contribution from new stores. Digital channel sales however increased, up by 22% and contributing 0.8 percentage points to comparable sales growth. Gross margin narrowed to 30.5%, compared with 30.9% in the year-ago period, reflecting increased digital channel fulfilment costs.  CEO Brian Cornell, said: "We are in the early stage of a multi-year effort to position Target for profitable, consistent long-term growth, and while we are confident in our plans, we are facing multiple headwinds in the current landscape. As a result, we will continue to plan our business prudently while preparing our team to chase business when we have an opportunity." Urban Outfitters Teen retailer Urban Outfitters saw net income slip 59.8% in the first quarter, falling to US$11.9m from $29.6m in the year-ago period. Net sales were also down in the period, falling 0.2% to $761.2m compared to $762.6m last year. Total comparable retail segment net sales decreased 3.1%. By brand, comparable sales increased 1.5% at Free People, but decreased 3.1% at Urban Outfitters and 4.4% at the Anthropologie Group. The company said comparable sales were driven by strong, double-digit growth in the direct-to-consumer channel, but were offset by negative retail store comparable net sales. CEO Richard Hayne, said: "During the first quarter we continued to see strong double-digit growth from our direct-to-consumer channel and our wholesale business. We believe we have significant opportunity to continue to grow both of these channels at all of our brands." Dick's Sporting Goods Omni-channel sporting goods retailer Dick's Sporting Goods said that despite a challenging retail environment, it realised growth across each of its three primary categories of hardlines, apparel and footwear in the first quarter. For the period ended 29 April, net income reached US$58.2m compared to $56.9m in the year-ago period. Net sales were also up, increasing 9.9% to $1.8bn from $1.7bn last year. Looking ahead, CEO Edward Stack said the company will continue to "evaluate and adjust" its business model, and is taking actions to reduce its expense structure in order to fund and develop its longer-term strategic initiatives. TJX Companies TJX Companies said it has  great confidence in the continued, successful growth of the company after booking increases in both sales and earnings in the first quarter. For the period ended 29 January, net income reached US$536.3m, compared to $508.3m in the year-ago period. Gross profit margin was 29.0%, up 0.2 percentage points versus the prior year. Net sales meanwhile, increased by 3% to $7.8bn from $7.5bn last year, while consolidated comparable store sales increased 1%. Differential Brands Group Differential Brands Group, which owns Robert Graham and Hudson Clothing, narrowed its net loss in the first quarter. For the period ended 31 March, net loss was US$2.4m, compared to $6.5m for the prior year period. Net sales meanwhile, were up 19% to $40.1m from $33.7m in the prior year period, reflecting a 22% increase in wholesale segment sales and a 9% increase in consumer direct segment sales. The company added the sales increase was primarily due to sales from the addition of the Hudson Jeans and Swims brands for the full period. Gross margin fell to 46.4% compared to 48.5%last year, reflecting the inclusion of Hudson Jeans for the full quarter as well as the inclusion of Swims, which carry lower gross margin rates as primarily wholesale businesses. CEO Michael Buckley said the company is "pleased" with the progress it has made during the quarter, especially in its e-commerce business, which saw a 46% sales increase. Dillard's Dillard's has booked a drop in earnings and sales in its first-quarter, with net income falling to US$66.3m from $77.4m in the year-ago period. Net sales dropped to $1.42bn from $1.50bn a year earlier, while gross margin from retail operations improved 65 basis points. CEO William Dillard said that while the company's sales decline weighed heavily onits operating results, it still ended the quarter with $302m of cash, largely due to better cash management. Nordstrom Upscale US fashion retailer Nordstrom has booked first-quarter earnings in line with expectations. For the period ended 29 April, net earnings were up 37% to US$63m, from $46m in the year ago period. Net sales were also up, rising 2.7% to $3.3bn, compared to $3.2bn last year, while comparable sales slipped by 0.8%. This was consistent with trends experienced over the past year, Nordstrom said. Meanwhile, online sales were 24% of total net sales, driven by 11% growth at Nordstrom.com and 19% at Nordstromrack.com/HauteLook. Hudson's Bay Hudson's Bay Company (HBC) has booked a drop in comparable sales in what it described as a difficult first-quarter, particularly in the US where the group has experienced lower store traffic across all its banners. On a constant currency basis, consolidated comparable sales were down 2.9%. DSG (Hudson's Bay, Lord & Taylor, and Home Outfitters) saw sales fall 2.4%, while Saks Fifth Avenue sales fell 4.8%. In Europe, HBC sales were remained flat. Comparable digital sales were up 5.4%. Macy's US department store retailer Macy's says its first-quarter sales and earnings results were consistent with its expectations, and that it remains on track to meet its 2017 guidance. Earnings in the period dropped to $71m from $115m last year, while gross margin narrowed to 38.1% from 39.1% in the prior year period. Sales totalled $5.34bn, a drop of 7.5% on sales of $5.77bn in the same period last year, reflecting, in part, store closures. Comparable sales on an owned basis were down 5.2%. Kohl's US department store retailer Kohl's has booked mixed first-quarter results as earnings climbed but sales fell. Earnings were up 14% to US$66m from $58m a year earlier, while gross margin improved 83 basis points to 36.4%. Sales, meanwhile, were down 3.2% to $3.84bn. CEO Kevin Mansell, however, said there had been a "significant improvement" in sales and traffic for the March and April period, after a weak February. "Continued strong inventory management led to a major improvement in gross margin, and our teams managed expenses exceptionally well." Wolverine Worldwide Wolverine Worldwide booked what it says was a solid start to the year with earnings and sales that beat expectations and strong progress towards its strategic transformation plan. Revenues dropped 4.8% to US$591.3m due to an additional week of operations in the first quarter of 2017. Underlying revenue declined 2%. Earnings dropped to $16.7m from $17.4m, while gross margin widened slightly to 39.7% from 39.6% last year. "The transformation of our business is well underway with our strategy focused on elevating our most powerful brands with consumers, delivering continuous product innovation and sustained organic growth, and unlocking incremental operational efficiencies, with an emphasis on pace and speed," said CEO Blake Krueger. Iconix Brand Group Iconix moved to a loss in its first-quarter on the back of declining sales as the the company looks to implement initiatives aimed at improving its balance sheet and driving organic growth. Losses amounted to US$4.3m from earnings of $18.6m a year earlier. Operating income declined 27% to $33.6m, while licensing revenue fell 13% to $58.7m. Separately, Iconix announced the sale of its entertainment segment for $345m in cash. Citi Trends  US value fashion retailer Citi Trends said total sales in the 13 weeks to 29 April increased 3.2% to US$200m, compared to $193.7m in the year-ago period. Comparable store sales meanwhile, were up 1% from the first quarter of fiscal 2016. Acting CEO Bruce Smith, said: "We are pleased to report that our improved merchandising strategies are driving better performance, as demonstrated by the increase in our first quarter comparable store sales. After a very slow start to the quarter due to the later disbursement of tax refunds by the Internal Revenue Service, we were able to more than make up February's 21% comparable store sales decline with increases of 13% in March and 18% in April." Weyco Weyco saw both sales and earnings slip in its first-quarter in the face of what it called a "challenging" retail environment. For the three months to 31 March, net earnings attributable to the company fell 17% to US$2.2m from $2.7m in the year-ago period. Meanwhile, net sales for the quarter slipped to $69.1m, down 12% from $78.9m last year. CEO Thomas Florsheim Jr said: "The retail environment continues to be challenging, as retailers address reduced foot traffic in their brick and mortar stores. We continue to seek growth across all trade channels and are working to reduce our costs.  This quarter we saw higher gross margins and reductions in several categories of selling and administrative costs as a result of our efforts."    Hanesbrands US fashion retailer Hanesbrands said it is off to the strong start of 2017 that it sought, despite net income slipping 12% to US$70.6m from $80.3m in the year-ago period. Net sales meanwhile, increased 13.2% to $1.38bn from $1.22bn last year, thanks to acquisition contributions. Sales for the activewear and international segments increased, while sales decreased as expected for the innerwear segment and manage-for-cash businesses. Hanes has also launched a multiyear initiative to increase investment for growth, reduce costs, and drive cash flow. Project Booster, is expected to drive the company's Sell More, Spend Less, Generate Cash business strategy and is expected to generate about $100m in annualised net cost savings, and $300m of incremental annual net cash from operations after annualised growth reinvestment of $50m. The company has also recently announced the departure of CFO Richard Moss who will retire at the end of 2017. Hanesbrands has initiated an internal and external search for his successor.  VF Corp US apparel giant VF Corporation said its first-quarter results were "right in line" with expectations, despite a 2% fall in both sales and earnings for the period. Net income fell to US$209.2m in the three months to March, from $260.3m the year before. As a result of the sale of its licensed sports group business to Fanatics, VF's net loss from discontinued operations was $5.5m the first quarter of 2017. Gross margin improved 150 basis points to 50.2% on a reported basis, while total revenues fell to $2.55bn from $2.60bn in the year-ago period. Brand revenue at Vans was up 5% and by 6% at The North Face., but fell 5% at Timberland. For fiscal 2017, VF Corp is forecasting revenue to increase at a low single-digit percentage rate. Columbia Sportswear Columbia Sportswear has revealed record first-quarter net sales of US$543.8m, a 4% increase compared with net sales of $525.1m last year. Net income also reached record levels, up 13% to $36m from $31.8m in the year ago period. For the year ahead, the company expects net sales growth of around 3%, and net income of between $192m and $199m. CEO Tim Boyle said: "Our first quarter results provide a good start to a year that presents many challenges, especially in the US, which has been impacted by customer bankruptcies, liquidations and ongoing efforts by US.retailers to rationalise their store fleets and square footage. We were encouraged by the Columbia brand's continued growth in Europe-direct markets during the first quarter and by the Sorel brand's successful launch of an expanded Spring assortment. In addition, our direct-to-consumer businesses were a source of growth in every region. "In the midst of changing consumer shopping patterns, our portfolio of powerful brands and strong balance sheet give us the ability to continue to drive sustainable, profitable growth." Amazon Online retail giant Amazon has booked increases in both sales and earnings in its first-quarter thanks to new product and service launches globally, including seven private apparel brands to Prime members. Net income reached US$724m from $513m a year prior. Net sales were up 23% to $35.7bn. Excluding a $492m unfavourable impact from year-over-year changes in foreign exchange rates throughout the quarter, net sales increased 24%. Under Armour Under Armour's share price has spiked after the athletic wear maker posted a first-quarter loss that was better than analyst expectations and reaffirmed its full-year outlook. The loss for the three months to the end of March amounted to US$2.3m from earnings of $19.2m a year ago. Gross margin dropped 70 basis points to 45.2%. Net sales, however, grew 7% to $1.1bn. "Our first quarter results were in line with our expectations and we're off to a solid start in 2017," said Under Armour CEO Kevin Plank. "By proactively managing our growth to deliver superior innovative product, continuing to strengthen our connection with consumers and increasing our focus on operational excellence - we have great confidence in our ability to drive toward our full year targets." Carter's Carter's booked a mixed first-quarter, with a slight rise in sales but a 13.6% decrease in net income from US$54m to $46.7m. Operating margin also decreased, falling 210 basis points to 10.7%. Net sales, meanwhile, grew 1.2% to $732.8m, reflecting growth in the company's domestic retail and wholesale sales, which was partially offset by a decline in International sales. CEO Michael Casey, said: "We achieved our sales and earnings objectives in the first quarter. Stronger than planned demand in our wholesale and ecommerce businesses helped to offset the effects of delayed tax refunds to families with young children and a later Easter holiday. "We have seen a meaningful improvement in sales trends in April, driven by Easter holiday shopping, and expect good growth in sales and earnings in the balance of the year."  Steve Madden US footwear and accessories specialist Steve Madden said it pleased to have started off 2017 with a strong first-quarter, despite delivering a 15.6% drop in earnings. For the three months ended 31 March, net income fell to US$20.2m from $23.7m last year. However, the company said its highlight of the quarter was its Steve Madden women's wholesale footwear division, which enjoyed a period of "outstanding growth in a challenging retail environment". Net sales increased 11.2% to $366.4m, compared to $329.4m in the year-ago period. Gross margin widened to 36.2%, compared to 35.3% last year. CEO Edward Rosenfeld said the company will take a prudent approach to planning its business in light of retail industry headwinds, but added the strength in its core business "gives us confidence that we are well-positioned to navigate the uncertain environment".  Skechers Despite first-quarter net sales representing a new quarterly record and the first time the company has exceeded US$1bn in quarterly sales, footwear maker Skechers saw earnings slip in the three months ended 31 March. Sales in the quarter were up 9.6% to $1.07bn on last year, primarily due to a 16.8% increase in the company's international wholesale business and a 12.8% rise in its company-owned global retail business which included comparable same-store sales increases of 2.9%. However, earnings slipped 3.7% to $94m, compared to $97.6m in the year-ago period. CEO David Weinberg said: "We are particularly proud of the growth in the quarter considering the tough comparison to 2016, which included the benefit of an additional day in February and Easter falling in March." Rocky Brands Rocky Brands says it has made a "solid start" to 2017 as it moved to a profit thanks to doubling its military segment sales to a quarterly record US$12m. Net income in the three months ended 31 March amounted to $1.5m from a loss of $0.2m a year earlier. Net sales meanwhile, increased 9.6% to $63.1m, compared to $57.5m in the year-ago period. Wholesale sales declined 2.5% to $39.2m, while retail sales edged up to $11.9m from $11.5m. Gross margin dropped 160 basis points to 31.3%, driven by the increase in military segment sales which carry lower gross margins than its wholesale and retail segments. CEO Mike Brooks said: "The actions we have taken over the past six months to better position the company for profitable growth are clearly gaining traction. While there is still work ahead of us in order to maximise shareholder value over the long-term, we are confident we are heading in the right direction." Kate Spade & Co Kate Spade saw earnings slump to US$1.4m in the three months ended 1 April, from $11.6m a year earlier. The company incurred a $7m of pre-tax store impairment charge and $2m of pre-tax fees and expenses related to its strategic review. Gross margin widened to 63.2% from 61.8%, but net sales dropped 1.2% to $271m. Same-store sales fell 2.4% for the quarter, and were down 8.1% excluding e-commerce.  Direct-to-consumer comparable sales fell 2%. Levi Strauss & Co Jeans giant Levi Strauss & Co saw net sales increase in the first quarter, up 4% to US$1.10bn from $1.06bn in the year-ago period. In the three months ended 26 February, net income slipped to $60m, down 9% from $66m last year. The decline primarily reflected lower gross margins, the San Francisco-based company said. Gross margin narrowed to 51.2% from 53%. In Europe, net revenues were up 12%, while in the Americas sales dropped by 1% and Asia net revenues declined 2%. "Despite the on-going challenges in the industry, I am pleased that we delivered 5% currency-neutral growth over a strong Q1 last year," said Chip Bergh, president and CEO. "We were able to deliver these solid results despite a declining US wholesale business, because of the breadth of our portfolio. Specifically, we grew in all three regions, with particularly outstanding results in Europe; double digit growth in our direct-to-consumer business; and double digit growth on women's and tops." Tweet Top stories this week on just-style... PREVIOUS Innerwear specialists Naked and Bendon to merge NEXT Sectors: Apparel, Finance, Retail Companies: Abercrombie & Fitch Co, Amazon.com, American Eagle Outfitters, Calvin Klein Inc, Cato Corporation, Chico’s FAS, Citi Trends Inc, Columbia Sportswear Company, Dick’s Sporting Goods, Differential Brands Group, DSW Inc, Foot Locker Inc, Genesco Inc, Hanesbrands Inc, Hudson’s Bay Company, Iconix Brand Group Inc, JC Penney Company Inc, Kate Spade & Co, Kmart, Kohl’s Corporation, Levi Strauss & Co, Lord & Taylor, Macy’s Inc, New York & Company, Nordstrom Inc, Perry Ellis International Inc, PVH Corporation, Rocky Brands Inc, Ross Stores Inc, Saks Incorporated, Sears Holdings Corporation, Shoe Carnival, Skechers USA Inc, Stage Stores Inc, Steven Madden, Target Corporation, Bon-Ton Stores Inc, Buckle Inc, Children’s Place Retail Stores Inc, Timberland Company, TJX Companies Inc, Tommy Hilfiger Group, Under Armour Inc, Urban Outfitters Inc, VF Corporation, Victoria’s Secret, Wal-Mart Stores Inc, Wolverine World Wide Inc Help test our new apparel sourcing tool. APPLY NOW COMMENT The Flanarant: What's behind Britain’s apparent apparel export boom? RESEARCH American Eagle Outfitters Inc in Apparel and Footwear (World) While a soft macro environment has negatively impacted other brands, American Eagle Outfitters has taken several encouraging steps to improve its results. However, a weak FY2016 fourth quarter announc... COMMENT The Flanarant – An assembly-worker free apparel industry? ANALYSIS Bangladesh remediation "a moving target", despite progress NEWS Innerwear specialists Naked and Bendon to merge Lingerie, sleepwear, and swimwear specialists Naked Brand Group and Bendon Limited are to merge, in a move that will create "a powerful portfolio of iconic brands."... NEWS Why now is the time to empower women workers in Ethiopia NEWS US Q4 in brief – Cherokee, Vince Holding, Destination Maternity In the most recent fourth-quarter filings from US apparel and footwear brands and retailers, Destination XL moved to a profit but booked lower sales, while Caleres moved to a loss in the quarter. VF C... NEWS Top stories this week on just-style... Top stories this week on just-style include a look at how an unexpected windfall from the end of the Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) is boosting textile investment in Ethiopia, Ralph Lauren cuts more ... Subscribe to our newsletters Get the latest comment, analysis and breaking news first. Sign up for the just-style newsletter. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Research Updates: see example Get the newsletter We care about your privacy Most Popular Insights The top threats to global supply chains in 2017 What's behind Britain’s apparel export boom? Texprocess & Techtextil 2017 – Material innovation Collaboration key to driving responsible sourcing 'Who Made My Clothes?' will redefine supply chains News US Q1 in brief – Caleres, Genesco, Dollar Tree Current fashion shopping habits are unsustainable M&S FY profit slumps 64% on lower clothing sales Clothing brands commit to 100% sustainable cotton Levi Strauss to fund supply chain innovations Market research Global market review of denim and jeanswear – forecasts to 2022 Global market review of lingerie – forecasts to 2022 UV protective clothing: a practical approach to sun care Global market review of workwear - forecasts to 2019 Global Licensing Trends in Children’s Apparel and Footwear Login | Join Email Address Password Forgot your password? Menu Login Join News & comment Comment Analysis Supply chain issues Apparel trade & sourcing Social & environmental responsibility Apparel systems & technology Financials & M&A Interviews Hot issues Columns The just-style blog just-style research roundup Global news roundup Viewpoint In the money The Flanarant Speaking with style Spotlight on... Research updates Top stories on just-style Retail roundup Management briefings Thought Leaders Latest news Analysis Comment Interviews just-style blog Regions Sourcing Snapshots China and Asia Bangladesh Vietnam and Cambodia Europe North America Emerging markets Africa South America Middle East Oceania All countries Companies H&M Hennes & Mauritz AB Marks & Spencer Group Plc VF Corporation Gap Inc Inditex SA Levi Strauss & Co Zara Nike Inc Adidas Group Primark Wal-Mart Stores Inc Lectra PVH Corporation Target Corporation Tesco Plc Li & Fung Limited Kate Spade & Co JC Penney Company Inc Topshop/Topman Tommy Hilfiger Group All companies Sectors Apparel Fibres & fabrics Footwear Manufacturing PLM buyer's guide Retail Sourcing Technology All sectors re:source Apparel research Market research store Apparel research consultants About About just-style Advertise on just-style Contact just-style Join 31,000 apparel and textile professionals who get just-style’s FREE newsletters Get the daily news as it happens, and our weekly best-of roundup. Daily News Alert: see example Weekly Summary: see example Apparel and textile Research Updates: see example No thanks Buy apparel market research New apparel market research Apparel sector market research Apparel companies market research Apparel market research publishers Apparel industry consultants PLM software buyers' guide Apparel industry webinars News & comment by region Your account Advertise on just-style Subscribe to just-style RSS feeds Site map About just-style ©2017 All content copyright just-style.com Published by Aroq Ltd. Address & registered office: Aroq House, 17A Harris Business Park, Bromsgrove, Worcs, B60 4DJ, UK. Tel: Intl +44 (0)1527 573 600. Toll Free from US: 1-866-545-5878. Fax: +44 (0)1527 577423. Registered in England No: 4307068. Aroq publishes: just-auto.com | just-food.com | just-drinks.com | just-style.com Get full access to all content, just $1 for 30 days Expand A Message From The Editor [x] just-style gives you the widest apparel and textile market coverage. But only paid just-style members have full, unlimited access to all our exclusive content - including 17 years of archives. I am so confident you will love complete access to our content that today I can offer you 30 days access for $1. It’s our best ever membership offer – just for you. Leonie Barrie, editor of just-style Get 30 days for $1 Risk-free, money-back guarantee
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/26/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 246% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 43% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 49% 31% Returns as of 5/26/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Target's Learning How to Survive in the Age of Amazon Target is looking to new brands to stay relevant -- and it may be working. Travis Hoium (TMFFlushDraw) May 26, 2017 at 10:15AM Big-box retailers like Target (NYSE:TGT) and Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) are some of the most affected by the changing retail landscape, highlighted by Amazon's (NASDAQ:AMZN) growing dominance in e-commerce. But there's still value in brick-and-mortar retail stores if companies can figure out how to bring value to customers while augmenting their online purchases.  Rumors that Target would buy Casper earlier this month were strange for a company that's never been a mattress company. Instead of buying Casper, it led the company's funding round. When you look at it through the lens of customers moving to online retail and going direct to brands and manufacturers -- like Casper -- the deal could make some sense and be a blueprint for the future. In one move, Target could create a showroom for Casper while also benefiting from the company's online business model. And with some other interesting partnerships starting to pay dividends, we may see Target making an important change in its business model.  Image source: Getty Images. Amazon isn't the threat Target needs to worry about There's no question Amazon is a disruptive force in retail and Target and Wal-Mart need to adapt with more online offerings for customers to compete. But I don't think Amazon is the real threat to the big-box model long-term.  I wrote earlier this year that brand companies are now finding it easier to launch and thrive in a direct-to-consumer model and retailers who are trying to keep sales in-store are struggling as a result. And for these direct-to-consumer companies, Amazon isn't their path to consumers; they go directly to the source. Think of companies like Dollar Shave Club, Blue Apron, Casper, Harry's, and Bevel, just to name a few.  Rather than fight the direct-to-consumer trend, Target appears to be embracing it. The company has partnered with Bevel and Harry's in men's grooming, and they appear to be very successful partnerships so far. The brand companies get a foot into retail, expanding their market very quickly, and Target gets new, hip products and sometimes a stake in their potential upside.  Target has said that it's going to invest more than $7 billion in capital over the next three years and focus its growth efforts on over a dozen exclusive brands. If Target can become the exclusive retailer for both internally owned brands and companies it has a stake in, that could be a great way to leverage the company's retail footprint and still not miss out on the direct-to-consumer and online retail trends.  Are more Casper-type deals in Target's future?  Target has had its fair share of challenges adapting to the new world of retail, mainly in making missteps with its own online store (which is still behind the competition). If Target can improve stores to match consumers' shopping needs, partner or buy growing exclusive brands that sell online and can showroom in existing stores, and improve its online shopping experience, it could be a good proposition for customers and investors.  Target still has a place in the world, whether it's parents urgently needing diapers or those who want to grab some toiletries and a Starbucks coffee on their way to work. And understanding where the company fits as a provider of necessities and a showroom for brands would be a welcome change for the retailer. Whether consumers are shopping in-store or online, Target should just want them buying products it's providing or has a stake in. And buying into brand start-ups may be a great way to leverage the big-box business and finally create a future in a retail world Amazon seems to be dominating more by the day. Travis Hoium has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Starbucks. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Travis Hoium (TMFFlushDraw) Travis Hoium has been writing for fool.com since July 2010 and covers the solar industry, renewable energy, and gaming stocks among other things. Follow @TravisHoium Article Info May 26, 2017 at 10:15AM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $995.78 up $2.40 (0.24%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $78.13 down $0.18 (-0.23%) Target NYSE:TGT $54.40 up $0.20 (0.37%) Read More What Happened in the Stock Market Today 3 Reasons I Bought Target Stock This Month 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks Investors Should Consider Buying 3 Top Home Goods Stocks to Buy in 2017 Hate Checking Your Portfolio? Try These 3 Stocks Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Target's Learning How to Survive in the Age of Amazon @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $TGT
Front Page About GNS Business/Industry Communities Education Entertainment Links Directory Maritime Medicine & Science Opinion/Forum Public Safety Transportation Weather Associates Media Kit Bay Area Houston Brazoria County Chambers County Fort Bend County Galveston County Harris County Jefferson County Liberty County Montgomery County Orange County State of Alabama State of Florida State of Louisiana State of Texas State of Mississippi Washington D.C. Higher Education Elementary and Primary Education Forum Jim Guidry Commentaries Public Safety News Sugar Land Police Department News Release Friday, May 26, 2017 Video Shows Suspects Using Stolen Credit Cards During Two-Day Crime Spree Surveillance video posted at  www.sugarlandtx.gov/case17-128996 Sugar Land, Texas - Sugar Land police are looking for three people who used credit cards stolen at stores in First Colony Mall, 16511 Southwest Freeway. A woman told police she placed her wallet containing cash and credits cards on a counter while working at Dillard's on April 10 at 12:30 p.m.  She was unable to locate the wallet 30 minutes later. Her bank card was used to make unauthorized purchases at Walmart, 345 Highway 6, at 3:30 p.m. the same day.  She contacted police on April 18. Police reviewed surveillance video at Walmart and saw a black female wearing a blonde wig, glasses, a beige shirt and tan pants use the stolen credit card.  The suspect was accompanied by another black female wearing a beanie hat, glasses and a blue/white shirt with the number "88."  They exited the store and left in a grey, four-door Mercedes. Another woman told police she placed her purse containing a bank card, credit cards and other personal items in a cabinet under a register while working at Macy's on April 18. Her bank notified her about suspicious activity on her card at 9 p.m. She returned to the cabinet, and her purse was gone.  She later discovered her card was used at a Shell gas station, 1484 State Highway 6.  A review of surveillance video from Shell showed two woman using the stolen card. One of the women was also seen on video using a stolen card at Walmart. A third woman told police she arrived to work at Chico`s on April 19 at 1 p.m.  She placed a purse containing cash, credit cards and other personal items in an unsecured locker.  Her husband contacted her later that evening to report unauthorized purchases that were made with one of her cards, including one at Target, 16300 Southwest Freeway.  She returned to the locker and her purse was missing.  A review of surveillance footage at Target showed two women using the stolen card.  They were the same two suspects who used a stolen card at Walmart. Anyone with information should call the Sugar Land Police Department at (281) 275-2540 or Fort Bend County Crime Stoppers at (281) 342-TIPS (8477). Guidry News Service is headquartered in Midtown Houston. at 4001 Fannin Street, Suite 4432, Houston, TX. 77004-4077 (409) 763 NEWS(6397)         News@GuidryNews.com © 1996, Guidry News Service. Duplication of any part of this website in any manner is prohibited.
Sign in Join Consumer Warnings Sales & Deals Consumer Tips Tech Entertainment More Home & Family Travel Cars & Bikes Stores Sign in Welcome!Log into your account your username your password Forgot your password? Sign up Welcome!Register for an account your email your username A password will be e-mailed to you. Password recovery Recover your password your email Log In your username your password Forgot your password? Get help Create a free account Password recovery Recover your password your email A password will be e-mailed to you. FREE: Join NFS & Get Discounts At Local StoresFREE: Join NFS & Save At Local Stores Memorial Day 2017 Sales: Macy’s, Target & Walmart By Tracy Ortiz - May 26, 2017 Memorial Day weekend is here and so are some great sales from Macy’s, Target, and Walmart. From BOGO specials to rollbacks, there are deals in-stores and online now through Memorial Day for you to take advantage of. And to help make finding what you need, or want, easier, we have sales info for all 3 stores below, along with links to their sites. Happy Memorial Day! Macy’s Macy’s sale is going on now through Monday, May 29, with deals on clothing, appliances, shoes and more. Here are their featured deals: · Get 25-70% off clearance items, $5 Macy’s money for every $25 you spend and an extra 15% or 20% off select departments with the code SUNNY. ·Clothing: 25% off Nike for the family, 25-40% off women’s activewear, 25-40% off women’s swimwear, 50% off men’s dress shirts and ties, 50% off baby clothes. ·Shoes & Accessories: 40% off women’s fashion sneakers, 30% off women’s shoes and sandals, bra and panties sale: buy 2, get 2 free + and extra 20% off select styles. ·Home & Appliances: 30% off + an extra 15% off kitchen electrics, 800 thread-count sheets sets: $39.99, Bed and Bath buy 1, get 1 free (BOGO sale), 10% off furniture. Target Their sale is going on now through Monday, May 29, with deals on clothing, furniture, pool, and more. Here are their featured deals: ·Clothing & Shoes: women’s swimwear: $14 and up, girls and boys swimwear BOGO sale buy 1, get 1 50% off, men’s tees and tanks: $8 and up, women’s tees and tanks: $5 and up, kids tees and tanks: $4 and up, women’s sandals: $12 and up ·Home & Furniture: up to 30% off patio and home furnishings, 20% off all Char-Broil and STOK grills, vacuum sale: save $20 on select Bissel vacuums, save $100 on select Dyson vacuums, 20% off all area rugs. ·Toys & Pool: 20% off all Lego Duplo Friends and Star Wars, Friends and City, Speedo junior goggles: $12, Puddle jumper life vests: $16, select giant pool floats: $17. Walmart Their sale is going on now through Monday, May 29, with deals on appliances, furniture, pool, and more. Here are their featured deals: ·Grills: select grills on sale, including: Grillsmith 5-burner gas grill with bonus cover: $386, 5-burner gas grill, stainless steel/black: $154.93 (save $23), RevoAce 4-burner gas grill with side burner: $121.59 (save $27) and more. ·Outdoor & Pool: Resin Adirondack chairs: $12.98, Backyard Discovery Tuscan cedar wooden swing set: $399 (save $100), Coleman Power Steel 14′ x 42″ frame pool with ladder, filter and pump: $279, Mainstays 28″ round fire pit: $29.44 and more. ·Clothing: women’s Americana tees tank tops: $3.94, men’s American tees: $4.97, men’s Faded Glory pique polo tees: $5.82, men’s Fruit of the Loom Eversoft crew neck tees: (rollback) $3.96, kids Americana apparel: $3.47 and up. What do you think of these Memorial Day 2017 sales? Weigh in below and be sure to follow all my latest consumer news reports on Twitter! Join the forum discussion on this post It's Nice To Share!                                             - To link to this page, copy & paste - Memorial Day 2017 Sales: Macy’s, Target & Walmart Or use the shortURL: https://n4s.us/56080 Tracy Ortiz I am a mom to 2 little boys: a 3 year- old and 2 year-old and they are the only things I love more than writing. I am an avid reader, a big sports fan and love a good deal. Most of all, I love keeping up on the latest consumer news and sharing my findings with all of you. RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Mother’s Day 2017 Sales: Macy’s, Target & Walmart Stores Open/Closed Easter 2017: CVS, Target, Rite-Aid & More Easter Sales & Store Hours 2017: Target, Walmart, Macy’s News For Shoppers News For Shoppers is your free source for unbiased shopping and entertainment news. Our Promise To You • Helpful, Reliable, Honest, Consumer Intel • No 'Sponsored' Stories • No Commission/Affiliate Links • No Pop-Up or Content Blocking Ads • No Paywalls or Survey Blocks Writers Wanted! We're looking for internet savvy consumer and product experts! › Learn More! Log In › NFS Home › About NFS! › NFS Journalists › Write At NFS! › Contact NFS › NFS On YouTube! NFS Perks & Discounts Latest News Dark Crystal Prequel Heading For Netflix Is T-Mobile’s Samsung Galaxy S8 BOGO Deal Bogus or Brilliant? Mother’s Day 2017 Restaurant & Bakery Deals: Boston Market, Baskin Robbins & More Mother’s Day 2017 Sales: Macy’s, Target & Walmart Popular Now Is DealDash Legit Or A Scam? The Devil Is In The Details! 4th Gen Apple TV Remote Not Working? Here’s A Quick… Memorial Day 2017 Sales: Macy’s, Target & Walmart Free HBO & Cinemax Preview Weekends Available This… Opinions & statements made by authors on NFS are entirely their own. Please see our complete Terms & Conditions of Use © Copyright 2010 - 2017 NewsForShoppers.com N A
MENU Press Offices Arbor Networks BCX Eset Hitachi Data Systems Huawei MTN Resolve SAP Tecno UNICAF Veeam Westcon-Comstor WWC Magazine Gallery Advertise Newsletter Submit News Contact MENU Home Africa’s Technology News Leader Top Stories The most important technology stories News Technology news categorized General General tech news Mobile and Telecoms Telecommunications Enterprise Cloud in Africa. Backup and Storage Backup and Storage news Big Data Big Data news Cloud Computing Cloud Computing news Internet of Things Enterprise Architecture news Hardware Hardware Software Software news IT Security The latest IT Security news Satellite Communications News about Satellite Communication Gadgets & Gaming Consumer Tech Startups Online & Social Internet, digital and social media news Events News Must attend Tech events Opinion According to the experts Features Taking an in-depth look PR Newswire Video Video interviews and features Industries Technology news by industry Education Mining and Energy Finance Healthcare Retail Regions IT news around Africa West Africa East Africa Southern Africa North Africa Companies Company news and Press Releases Company News Huawei HP Software Events Conferences and Seminars Education Innovation Summit | 31 May 2017 IoT Forum Africa | 21-22 March 2018 Healthcare Innovation Summit | 23 – 24 Aug 2017 Advertise Connect with our audience Real-world applications of blockchain-enabled supply chains May 26, 2017 • Finance, Sponsored Facebook0 Twitter0 LinkedIn0 Google+0 Pinterest0 The real world applications of Blockchain. This is the second of a two-part series examining the impact of blockchain technology on supply chains. In part 01 we examined how blockchains work, and the potential game changing impact of this new technology on supply chains as a record keeping, verification, tracking and transaction switching mechanism that makes it easier and safer for businesses to work together over the Internet. Every time value changes hands, whether physical products, services or money, the transaction can be documented, creating a permanent history of the product or transaction, from source to ultimate destination. Some supply chains are already exploiting this technology, and experts suggest blockchain could become a universal “supply chain operating system” – fundamentally changing the way the following tasks are performed and supply chain systems are built: Assigning or verifying certain properties of products, and sharing information about the source or manufacturing process of a product throughout its journey to the point of sale or consumption. Tracking and automated matching of the cascade of digitised documents involved in any trade: purchase orders, invoices, receipts, shipment orders and manifests, and other trade-related documents such as bills of lading. Recording the quantity and transfer of supply chain assets: pallets, delivery and handling units and containers, as they move between supply chain nodes. Providing a decentralised and secure tokenised system to link physical goods to serial numbers, bar codes, RFID tags, etc. Let us now look at evidence for above in a few real-world applications of blockchain: Traceability within food supply chains In October 2016 Walmart launched its Food Safety Collaboration Centre in Beijing with the goal to improve the way food is tracked, transported and sold to consumers across China. It will harness IBM Blockchain technology to generate transparency and efficiency in supply chain record-keeping. The first food item to be tracked this way is pork. Information such as farm origination details, batch numbers, factory and processing data, expiration dates, storage temperatures and shipping detail are digitally linked to the physical food items as it moves from source to destination. The information captured during each transaction is validated by businesses within the network (farms, transport companies, packaging companies, warehouses and stores) forming a consensus. After each ‘block’ (record of each transaction) is validated it is added to a ‘chain’ of transactions, becoming a permanent record of the entire process. Each pork item received at store is verified as authentic, and its digital record could potentially reveal food safety issues picked up between farm and store. The digital record can also help Walmart retailers better manage the shelf-life of products in individual stores. Healthcare service supply chains While pharmaceutical supply chains will benefit from blockchain in a similar fashion as the food supply chain, it is healthcare’s services supply chain (patients, healthcare workers, laboratories, dispensing points and pharmaceutical suppliers) that stands to benefit more. The Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation recently awarded a grant to Factom, a blockchain technology firm, to fund the creation of an electronic health records system that provides immutability and security in an affordable manner. Medical records within developing countries are historically documented on paper and stored by clinics or hospitals. This poses a problem when people move or if the region is destabilised. Factom’s blockchain network digitises, stores, and encrypt a patient’s medical record in a decentralised manner. Access to these records would not be dependent on a strong internet connection to a central server or database, since the data would be distributed across various nodes of the blockchain network. Healthcare service providers and patients can access and share documents such as vaccination records and HIV viral load measurements on their phones, to ensure they are providing the correct treatment to the right patient. Biometric verification is used for an added layer of security. Patient data is collected into a single ‘hash’ and then added to the blockchain. With medical records, the hash would serve as a fingerprint of the data for time-stamping and verification purposes. Patient’s health records secured like this does not contravene the privacy provisions of most privacy and information laws and acts. This blockchain function allows for the de-identification of protected information by one-way conversion to hash values (an encrypted string of data), safeguarding the content of sensitive records being revealed to third parties, and allowing the records themselves to remain at their original digital location. Supply Chain and Trade Finance Barclays Africa, Bank of America and HSBC have similarly used blockchain trade platforms to facilitate the transfer of trade documents for their clients. The pilot trade, in the process of being commercialised during 2017, involved a letter of credit transaction between a diary distributor in Seychelles and Ornua (formerly the Irish Dairy Board), clients of Barclays Africa and Barclays UK respectively. It used a blockchain technology platform to transfer the electronic bill of lading, with the payment made through the Society for Worldwide Interbank Financial Telecommunication (SWIFT). A blockchain application allows all stakeholders in the supply chain to send, receive and track an electronic bill of lading, as well as upload and send related trade documentation such as orders, invoices, permits and shipping instructions. The application is linked to a distributed ledger network which securely records and verifies the ownership and authenticity of the documents. This solution eliminates many of the current inefficiencies in international trade – the Global Alliance for Trade Facilitation estimates that “7% of the global value of trade is absorbed by the cost of documents alone”. It also reduces risks such as fraud, prevents forgeries of documents, and importantly it saves time by reducing system and process latency – typically trade documents take anywhere from 2 to 10 working days to be couriered from party to party. Now it can be done electronically in minutes. Automotive company Mahindra is experimenting with blockchain to run its invoice discounting business. Invoice discounting is the process of bundling and selling unpaid bills at a slight discount and is a major source of working capital for suppliers who would otherwise need to wait a month or more to be paid. The invoice discounting process would normally take as much as seven days to complete between Mahindra and its supply chain finance partners. There are a number of manual interventions and often there are disputes because different system’s records do not show the same information. Within a blockchain network there is a ‘single point of truth’, which makes the pricing decision less risky and the administration process more efficient – now taking minutes instead of days. Shipment Information Verification The first public blockchain solution for the shipping industry was deployed by Marine Transport International (MTI), a UK and USA based freight forwarder, using blockchain technology for sharing Verified Gross Mass (VGM) information of shipping containers. Contracting governments to the International Maritime Organization’s SOLAS treaty (International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea) are required to implement new requirements related to the VGM of packed containers. The new regulation puts the responsibility on the shipper to ensure that an accurate VGM is provided to the port terminal and ocean carrier for every container loaded prior to it being allowed to be shipped on-board on a vessel. Knowledge about a container’s VGM is important to make sure that vessels are stowed correctly in order to prevent accidents both at sea and in ports. VGM data is stored on a public blockchain, providing a permanent records visible to port officials, transport companies, shippers and cargo owners. This replaces cumbersome logs, spreadsheets, data intermediaries and private databases. Supply Chain Management A distributed ledger system, which makes it easy for participants to track the ownership of an asset, could be applied to track automotive parts as they move between countries and factories. This is the premise of Toyota’s venture into a blockchain solutions for their core parts supply chain operations. Keeping accurate records, in real-time, of the thousands of parts that go into building a car would make Toyota more efficient, and could also help during supply chain disruptions. Short mention of various other practical supply chain management applications for blockchain are made below: International clients may require certification of origin documents, best created, validated, and secured with blockchain’s notarisation characteristics. Change of ownership midway through a shipment, called Merchanting, is made possible, as well as the possibility to trace back the origin of all components of a finished item’s bills of material. The use of third party logistics service providers (3PL’s), ocean carriers, and freight forwarders can be regulated and automatically controlled by irrevocable and immutable smart contract execution. Goods returned for repairs or refurbishment are managed within strict processes to ensure that repairs follow strict protocols, and once refurbished, the products are again compliant with specifications and criteria that blockchain’s notarisation efficiently can resolve. Goods moving within a return logistics process may also be subject to warranty clauses that require changing the title of possession. Similarly, malfunctioning goods could be traced all the way back to the origin of components, to perform a root-cause analysis and identify the source of defect. It is thus clear that the flows of warranties, goods for repairs, and associated costs and specifications can be controlled via smart contracts, and the irrevocability of the transactions throughout the product’s lifecycle together with the possibility to access valid and notarized documents make blockchain a very good fit for this type of supply chain activities. In Summary There are a multitude more examples of how blockchain is starting to impact all kind of supply chains and related activities. Regardless of the application, blockchain offers industry the following advantages: Increase supply chain speed – electronic contracts that automate the transfer of ownership of the goods and authorise the release of payments. Because the money will move faster, supply chains will move faster. Increase supply chain security and visibility – security and visibility are often perceived as opposing forces, the one curtailed by the other. The reasons for this are: It is distributed in nature. There is no master computer or platform holding the entire chain. Each participating node have a copy of the chain. When someone wants to add a transaction to the chain, the majority of participants in the network will have to validate it. Everyone participating in a blockchain network, whether permissioned/private or permissionless/public, can see the blocks and the transactions stored in them. This doesn’t mean everyone can see the actual content of the transactions – that is protected by each participant’s private key. The database can only be extended and previous records cannot be changed. Increase supply chain integration – Blockchain takes digitisation of the supply chain to an altogether much higher level. Digitisation exponentially increase the potential for integration and convergence of technologies and systems. This makes blockchain the ideal candidate for a “supply chain operating system”. Greater scalability – With no master computer or platform holding the entire chain, as is the case with current supply chain management platforms and enterprise resource planning systems, a blockchain network can scale with the Internet. By Jan van Rooyen, Strategic Solutions Lead at Resolve Blockchainfinancesponsored « Vodacom offers YouTube Smart Offline 2017: A Tipping Point for Cloud » Search Tags Africa Airtel apple BlackBerry Broadband cloud cloud computing Egypt facebook Gadgets and Gaming Ghana Google Huawei ict ict news internet IT News IT News Africa IT Security kenya Microsoft Mobile Mobile and Telecoms MTN news Nigeria Nokia Opinion Safaricom samsung SAP Security Software South Africa tech news technology technology news Telecom telecom news telecoms Telkom Uganda vodacom west africa zimbabwe News Alerts Sign up for our FREE News Alerts       In the news Forex Rates Latest Headlines Africa, a continent seeing a digital boom May 26, 2017 SA Telecoms Companies Allowed to Keep Broadband Spectrum May 26, 2017 Tech organisations will radically transform in 5 to 7 years – Forrester May 26, 2017 2017: A Tipping Point for Cloud May 26, 2017 Real-world applications of blockchain-enabled supply chains May 26, 2017 Vodacom offers YouTube Smart Offline May 26, 2017   UPCOMING EVENTS   Education Innovation Summit 31 May 2017     Healthcare Innovation Summit 23 - 24 August 2017     IoT Forum Africa | 21-22 March 2018 Company Press Offices Press Offices Arbor Networks Condyn ContinuitySA Eset Fujitsu Huawei Interactive Intelligence MCI MTN OutSystems Resolve SAP Tom Tom USAASA Veeam Westcon-Comstor MOST POPULAR TWITTER Twitter Tweets by @ITNewsAfrica Photos on flickr Veeam announces new Co-CEOs May 17, 2017 SA Rocket Scientist Wins Big May 12, 2017 Interview: Jasper Westerink CEO of Phillips Africa April 19, 2017 Top Female Tech Entreprenuer to Chair AfriLabs Board April 12, 2017 eBay Founder Pledges $100 Million In Fight Against Fake News April 6, 2017 Interview: Ross Hickey Of Trinity Telecom Discusses IoT April 4, 2017 SAP Africa appoints new Head of Innovation April 4, 2017 Twitter Mourns The Passing Of Ahmed Kathrada March 28, 2017 Interview: Dr Mumick of Kirusa discusses telecoms in emerging markets March 17, 2017 Interview: Underwriter Laboratories’s Steven Jackets discusses The Future of Authetication March 16, 2017 Newsletter Would you like to receive the latest African technology news and analysis delivered to your e-mail inbox every morning? Then simply subscribe to our free daily e-mail newsletter.   SUBSCRIBE TO OUR NEWSLETTER   Useful Links > Send us news > Advertise on ITNewsAfrica.com > Advertise in African Innovator Magazine > Enquire about a Company Press Office > Careers Follow Conferences > Innovation Dinner Series > ICT Business Breakfast Series > Tech Demo Africa All conference enquiries: events[at]itnewsafrica.com African Innovator Magazine > Subscription > Where to buy © 2017 | IT News Africa – Africa's Technology News Leader Read previous post: Vodacom offers YouTube Smart Offline Vodacom is working with YouTube to launch YouTube Smart Offline. This service allows Vodacom Android customers to schedule video downloads...Close
Letters to the Editor Contact Us About Us Subscribe to TYT Advertise With Us Saturday 27 May, 2017 Noted food critic tries a Guy Fieri hamburger in Cancun Campeche will host national amateur golf championship for the second time Forum considers cross-border missing children Contamination brings Merida's drainage needs to forefront Yucatan Wal-Mart employees expected to strike Saturday over profit sharing Home News Peninsula Merida Valladolid Beach Communities Yucatan Campeche Q. Roo Riviera Maya National International Crime Travel Lifestyle Expat Community Art and Culture Events Calendar Entertainment Yuca Planet Historic Yucatan Maya Universe Environment Wildlife Pets Real Estate House of the Week Business Business YucaTech Food and Drink Medical Tourism Specialists Hospitals Pharmaceutical Wellness Columns Directory Published On: Fri, May 26th, 2017 Business / Business-new / Headlines / Merida / National / News / Peninsula | By Yucatan Times Yucatan Wal-Mart employees expected to strike Saturday over profit sharing Share This Tags Wal-Mart didn’t give its employees the corresponding profit sharing. MERIDA — Employees of the Walmart and Bodega Aurrerá chains, both in Merida and Motul, called for a strike on Saturday May 27, because they received only between 180 and 400 pesos as profit sharing (a mandatory annual payment that enterprises must do for their employees in Mexico). According to their lawyers, the employees should have received at least one thousand pesos. (Photo: Google) The federal delegate of the Secretary of Labor in Yucatan, Ricardo Béjar Herrera, indicated that they are monitoring the companies to remind them that they must pay this benefit for the workers. He indicated that the number of employees that have come to the Federal Attorney’s Office of Labor Defense (Peofedet) this year is large, in search of advice regarding this benefit, since more than half of the companies in Yucatán have not yet deposited the profits or were declared “without profits”, meaning they will not provide such payment. “As of May 31, companies that do not comply with this payment, despite having obtained financial profits in fiscal year 2016, will be awarded a penalty ranging from 250 to five thousand pesos minimum wages,” he said. Béjar Herrera said that such payment can only be made with cash and not through merchandise, vouchers, tokens or any other representative sign with which it is intended to replace the currency. Source: sipse.com/milenio/ Mexico Travel Care Comments comments Related News Contamination brings Merida’s drainage needs to forefront Atlanta-Merida flight among new routes proposed by Delta-Aeromexico Construction companies will assume costs of 400,000 pesos for vandalized streets Supreme court upholds Yucatan’s regulation of Uber Leave a comment Click here to cancel reply. (Required) (Will not be published) (Required) XHTML: You can use these html tags: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Mexico Travel Care KINUH Home Contact Us Headlines Local News DISCLAIMER All Rights Reserved The Yucatan Times 2014 This popup will close in: CLOSE Yucatan Wal-Mart employees expected to strike Saturday over profit sharing
Home Latest News Nation World Business Cities Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Opinion Education Photos Videos Explained Good News Trending Astrology Photo News Today’s Paper See More See Less Search for:   Nation World Cities Opinion Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Viral Photos Videos Blogs ePaper Latest News Government completes three years in power: People partners in governance, now a step ahead of us, says PM Modi In every poll since 2014, BJP growing: Amit Shah Environment Ministry notifies nationwide: New rules ban sale of cattle for slaughter at markets How rules hit industry, turn market upside down KPS Gill passes away at 82: Supercop scripted own doctrine EVM hackathon: No Congress, no AAP, only CPM, NCP J-K: Social media back in Valley Home Technology Tech News Amazon opens grocery pickup kiosks to rival Wal-Mart in the US Amazon opens grocery pickup kiosks to rival Wal-Mart in the US Amazon.com Inc. opened two grocery pickup kiosks in Seattle, part of its latest effort to enter the $800 billion grocery market By: Bloomberg | Seattle | Updated: May 26, 2017 5:38 pm Amazon opened a convenience store format called “Amazon Go” that lets shoppers check in with a smartphone app. (Image for representation, Source: Reuters) Amazon.com Inc. opened two grocery pickup kiosks in Seattle, part of its latest effort to enter the $800 billion grocery market and compete with “click and collect” shopping options from big box competitors like Wal-Mart Stores Inc. The “AmazonFresh Pickup” spots let shoppers buy groceries online and pick them up in as little as 15 minutes rather than having them delivered to their homes. The service is open to Amazon Prime members who pay $99 a year for delivery discounts and video and music streaming. Each location has parking spaces beneath canopies similar to those seen at gas stations. Grocery sales have been slow to shift online, unlike books and electronics, leaving Amazon at a disadvantage to competitors like Wal-Mart, Target Corp. and supermarket chain Kroger Co. Amazon is experimenting with brick-and-mortar concepts to get a toehold in grocery sales while its competitors add online options to their existing stores. Amazon also opened a convenience store format called “Amazon Go” that lets shoppers check in with a smartphone app, grab sandwiches, salads and other items they want from shelves and leave without having to check out. Instead, customers get billed automatically. The format is being tested by employees, who have found the technology crashes when the store gets too crowded, according to people familiar with the matter.   For all the latest Tech News, download Indian Express App now Tags: Amazon No Comments. Most Read WBBSE Madhyamik results 2017 announced on Saturday at wbresults.nic.in Sachin A Billion Dreams box office collection day 1: Cricket's Baahubali Sachin Tendulkar claims his throne Sachin A Billion Dreams movie review: Between Sachin, Sachin, you will fight to blink back tears Snapchat adds custom Stories for group moments: Here's how it works WBBSE class 10 Madhyamik exams 2017: Results announced at wbbse.org, know how to download Best of Express Sabzar Bhat, close associate of Burhan Wani, killed in Tral encounter EVM hackathon: No Congress, no AAP, only CPM, NCP Rahul Gandhi defies orders, heads for strife-torn Saharanpur OpinionA line runs through India, Pakistan and Turkey today OpinionMuslim community is on the edge. Only the PM can address its concerns Buzzing Now EntertainmentSachin A Billion Dreams movie review: We rate it Sachin, Sachin EntertainmentRajkummar Rao shaves off hair to play Subhash Chandra Bose, Hansal Mehta is not satisfied. See photo EntertainmentPriyanka Chopra's Baywatch reviews aren't bothering her, she is relaxing and gearing up for bigger things. See photo TrendingBeauty and the Beast's behind-the-scene photos are so ridiculous that Twitterati is roaring with laughter TrendingWATCH: This 'suited-booted' dog is the cutest car salesman you'll ever see Top News This is how the President of India is elected Telangana: Charred body of Amboji Naresh, who married upper caste girl, found Opposition awaits govt move on President candidate, may persuade Sharad Pawar later Kerala leads protest against cattle rules, explores legal side SportsIndia vs Pakistan: A recurring dream Sports'Gill had good intentions but was wrongly advised' LifestyleWhat's your biggest annoyance on a long flight? LifestyleAnushka Sharma rocks a very unusual jumpsuit at Sachin Tendulkar's biopic screening TechnologyApple iPhone 8: Touch ID will be embedded in display, claims leak TechnologyNokia 9: Dual rear cameras leaked in new images, 8GB RAM, and more May 27: Latest News Akshaye Khanna: Mom is a milestone in my career as I am working with Sridevi and Nawazuddin Siddiqui Mani Ratnam’s next to star Ram Charan and Aishwarya Rai Bachchan? Sabzar Bhat, close associate of Burhan Wani, killed in Tral encounter Instagram Direct adds support for web links, different photo orientations Yuvraj Singh misses India’s net sessions, here’s why                           The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Subscribe Please reload and try again !!! X   Copyright © 2017 The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps open News open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Business Finder Obituaries open Jobs Autos Real Estate open Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports open Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining open Living open Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Breaking News - MassLive.com Springfield Walmart shopper denies groping 3 female customers; bail set at $2,500 Updated on May 26, 2017 at 7:34 AM Posted on May 26, 2017 at 7:33 AM (The Republican) By Jack Flynn SPRINGFIELD - It was all groping and no shopping when a Springfield man paid a visit to Walmart last week, according to the police report. Shakeem Butler, 28, pleaded not guilty Monday in Springfield District Court to three counts of indecent assault and battery stemming from his visit to the Boston Road department store Saturday night. Just after 6 p.m., police received a call that a male was bumping into female shoppers and grabbing their buttocks, Assistant District Attorney Cary Szafranski said. One customer said a man touched her upper thigh as he walked past her in the lingerie section. When she turned to walk away, he grabbed her buttocks, according to the arrest report. A second woman said Butler walked by her twice, touching her left buttocks each time. "She tried to ignore it when the third time Mr. Butler grabbed her right buttocks and squeezed it," the report said. A third woman said Butler groped her once as he walked by. All three women confronted Butler, complained to store management and agreed to give statements to police, the report said. Butler, still in the store when police arrived, was identified by the women and arrested. Booked at police headquarters, he was held over the weekend for arraignment Monday. In court, Szafranski asked for $2,500 bail, citing the new charges and Butler's five-page criminal record. Defense lawyer Patrick Goodreau opposed the bail request and asked Judge Michele Ouimet-Rooke to release Butler on personal recognizance. Butler denies the allegations and the store was crowded, making inadvertent touching possible, Goodreau said. Surveillance video from the store will ultimately determine the outcome of the case, and the video is not yet available, Goodreau said. The judge set bail at $2,500 and ordered Butler to stay away from the store if released. He is due back in court for a pretrial hearing on June 22. A Greenfield native, Butler is single and works for a shipping company, according to court records. He had no wallet, and two hair combs were the only items found in his pockets at the time of his arrest, the report said. View Comments About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
null
Lehigh Valley proms: See all our photo galleries LV Business Cycle Retail Whole Foods fans seen as key to turnaround EMILY PAINE / THE MORNING CALL Interior of the Lehigh Valley's first Whole Foods Market which opened September 28 at the  Hamilton Crossings shopping center in Lower Macungie Township. Interior of the Lehigh Valley's first Whole Foods Market which opened September 28 at the  Hamilton Crossings shopping center in Lower Macungie Township. (EMILY PAINE / THE MORNING CALL) Craig GiammonaOf Bloomberg Whole Foods fans seen as key to turnaround Inside the Whole Foods Market in midtown Manhattan at lunchtime, it's easy to forget that the organic supermarket chain is suffering its biggest crisis since going public in 1992. A line 20-people deep waits at a juice and espresso bar near the bustling store entrance across from Bryant Park. In the food hall upstairs, the tables are packed with customers noshing on superfood salads and sushi. Too harried to stop for oysters, many shoppers order Nashville-style fried chicken sandwiches from digital kiosks and sample cold brew from Stumptown Coffee Roasters. Whole Foods Market, facing pressure from restless shareholders after nearly two years of sliding sales, still has cachet in New York and other pockets of the U.S. That unique foodie appeal is key to a turnaround if Chief Executive Officer John Mackey is able to improve operations, said Charles Kantor, a managing director at Neuberger Berman, one of the grocery chain's 10 biggest investors. "He got all the hard things right over the years, but he didn't get the easy stuff right," Kantor said. "There hasn't been laserlike focus in a long time." As grocers fight for traffic amid an intense price war and the threat of e-commerce, Whole Foods stands out among its peers with its prepared foods and in-house restaurants that make its stores destinations. The challenge for Mackey, who co-founded the company in 1980, is how to assuage Wall Street by boosting profits without ruining what made Whole Foods wildly popular in the first place. Andrew Wagaman Whole Foods Market has decided to prohibit overnight deliveries to its location at the Hamilton Crossings shopping center after residential neighbors and Lower Macungie Township officials complained about the noise. Sara Pandl, township planning director, told the Board of Commissioners last week... Whole Foods Market has decided to prohibit overnight deliveries to its location at the Hamilton Crossings shopping center after residential neighbors and Lower Macungie Township officials complained about the noise. Sara Pandl, township planning director, told the Board of Commissioners last week... (Andrew Wagaman) "They have to do two things at the same time that are diametrically opposed," said Roger Davidson, a former Wal-Mart grocery executive who works as a consultant. "They have to make sure they don't dumb it down." The hubbub at newer Whole Foods locations like the one in midtown Manhattan illustrates a brand loyalty that most retailers would envy, especially when brick-and-mortar stores are closing at a record pace. Neuberger Berman increased its stake in the company in 2015 because of its rare ability to "connect in an emotional way" with shoppers, said Kantor. The firm owns about 2.7 percent of Whole Foods shares, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Jennifer Sheehan Deliciously dreamy pillows of ice cream. That's how I would describe mochi ice cream, a trendy dessert I recently tried for the first time. Many of my friends know of it from their travels to Hawaii and the Left Coast. But for me, mochi ice cream was all new. Whole Foods at Hamilton Crossings in... Deliciously dreamy pillows of ice cream. That's how I would describe mochi ice cream, a trendy dessert I recently tried for the first time. Many of my friends know of it from their travels to Hawaii and the Left Coast. But for me, mochi ice cream was all new. Whole Foods at Hamilton Crossings in... (Jennifer Sheehan) In September, the company opened the Lehigh Valley's first Whole Foods supermarket at the Hamilton Crossings shopping center in Lower Macungie Township. There was a time, before the current slump, when the arrival of a Whole Foods store meant shoppers would get access to products that weren't widely available elsewhere. The stores became magnets for foodies and affluent customers who were more likely to buy kale than iceberg lettuce. And usually there was little competition to lure them away. Now, the competitive ground has shifted. Whole Foods, which has about 450 U.S. stores, is getting pummeled by Kroger, Wal-Mart, Costco and other retail giants that have muscled into a market that it helped create. Sales have dropped for seven straight quarters, and shareholders are getting agitated. Jana Partners, the activist hedge fund, announced a stake in Whole Foods last month, pushing for wholesale changes including a possible sale of the company. The news sent shares soaring 10 percent on April 10. Hoping to avoid a proxy fight, Whole Foods recently announced it would overhaul its board of directors by adding five new members. The company had hoped the changes would appease Jana, but the hedge fund rejected a proposed truce, preferring to keep its options open. In a bid to reignite sales and profit growth by October 2018, Whole Foods also said it would expand its nascent loyalty program and use data to improve how it stocks products. A few months earlier, Whole Foods abandoned its 1,200-store target, which had come under fire from Wall Street for being overly ambitious. The grocery chain is now focusing on relocating smaller stores to bigger nearby locations, banking that it can create flagships that double as dining destinations. "We've had tremendous success with those stores," Mackey said on a recent conference call, citing locations in Chicago, Philadelphia and New York. Whole Foods also recently said it was doubling its cost-savings target to $600 million by the end of fiscal 2020, with a plan to invest some of that money in lower prices. The grocer has been dogged by its reputation for being overpriced — customers gave it the tongue-in-cheek nickname "Whole Paycheck" — making it tricky to bring in new shoppers. And while the chain can't win a price war with the likes of Kroger, Wal-Mart and the German chain Aldi, getting some of its prices more in line with conventional stores is still a key piece of a potential turnaround. Whole Foods can stand out with local cheese and olive oil that can't be found elsewhere, but it needs to lower prices on standard fare like organic milk, industry analysts say. "That can have a halo effect on the entire store's pricing," meaning shoppers will perceive value across the store, said Jim Hertel, a grocery analyst at Inmar's Willard Bishop. Part of the company's effort to cut costs includes centralizing much of its buying in Austin, Texas, where its headquarters are located. For years, Whole Foods has relied on a regional system. Buyers in the Northeast, for instance, controlled what products got put on shelves in that market. The strategy allowed Whole Foods to feature artisanal local brands. With the change toward more centralization, the retailer risks losing its reputation as a destination for unique products. "As you start to take away people with knowledge of the market, you lose," said Tim Sperry, a former Whole Foods executive and industry consultant. Mackey, 63, who took sole control last year after six years of sharing the CEO post with Walter Robb, insists that he can thread the needle: reducing expenses and lowering prices on groceries while keeping his stores on the leading edge of food trends. "We're not making these changes randomly — it's very data-driven," he said in an interview, adding that shoppers will find unique local products at stores, despite the move to centralize operations in Austin. With activist pressure looming, Mackey doesn't have much time to show signs that he can get the company back on track. "You can't make these types of changes that quickly," said Davidson, the industry consultant. "It's a whole new way of doing business." Reported with assistance from Beth Jinks. Copyright © 2017, Lehigh Valley Business Cycle Whole Foods Market Analysis: Why Whole Foods is now struggling Why Whole Foods is now struggling PICTURES: An inside look at Whole Foods Market in Lower Macungie Twp. Man is suing Hershey for 'under-filling' his box of Whoppers Sellersville Auction consignors sue, saying they haven't been paid Breaking Obits Prom Sports Arts & Ent Popular Classifieds Video/Photos 57°
Close Mobile e-Edition Subscriber Services Advertise with Us Contact Us Welcome! Login|Signup Login|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Subscribe 72° Clear Thegardenisland.com Home Classifieds Calendar Contact Us Legals Subscriber Services Submit News Tip Correction Search Gas Prices E-Edition News Topics Local News Obituaries Police Logs Hawaii Business Government Education Special Sections National News World News News Tip Correction The Latest Remembering veterans Posted: May 26, 2017 - 2:00 am LIHUE — The public is invited to the Memorial Day Observance at 10 a.m. Monday at the Kauai Veterans Cemetery in Hanapepe, said Stu Burley of the U.S. Navy League. Comments (0) ‘We fought hard’ Posted: May 26, 2017 - 1:45 am LIHUE — Jimmy Tokioka summarized his 11th session in the state House of Representatives with one statement. Comments (2) Recent Coco Palms takes spotlight at LBA meeting ‘King tides’ could be norm Work day set a Healing Horses Out of drought Use caution when picking fruit Sports Topics KIF Sports Local Sports Univ. of Hawaii Sports wire Surfing Opinion The Latest ‘27 had my back’ Posted: May 26, 2017 - 1:00 am LIHUE — Since he was 16 years old, Hank Ibia has worn No. 9. Comments (1) Nakata named KIF Player of the Year Posted: May 26, 2017 - 12:45 am LIHUE — The list for the 2017 Kauai Interscholastic Federation Baseball All-Stars were released Friday. Comments (0) Recent ‘An awesome journey’ Kauai Youth Football fall registration at June 3 game Viquelia in Poipu qualifier Warriors reach NBA Finals with perfection, but still somewhat untested Hamilton receives wildcard for Fiji Pro Opinion In Our Opinion Letters to Editor Submit a Letter Guest Opinion Life Topics Food Happy Camper Births Kauai Made Island history The Latest Airlines must respond to challenging times Posted: May 24, 2017 - 12:05 am Let’s get this straight as to the actions of Anil Uskanli, 25, of Turkey, and figure out how he was still allowed to board a plane Friday. Tell us if this makes sense to you. Comments (1) Some can’t tolerate a different view Posted: May 23, 2017 - 12:05 am The irony was not hard to miss on Sunday when Vice President Mike Pence gave the commencement address at Notre Dame. Comments (18) Recent Soo-jo returns his fury; Jung-il hides his emotion Hawaiian Canneries office manager Gum Mung Shak Vance Pascua The Paleo Diet and the influence of salt Grads, believe the best is yet to come Entertainment TGIFr!day Arts and Theatre Dining Music Calendar Check Da Scene Entertainment wire The Latest The music lives on! Posted: May 26, 2017 - 1:15 am Kauai Voices will present “Classics II — The Music Lives On!” next weekend. Comments (0) The Kitchen at Papaya’s Posted: May 26, 2017 - 1:00 am KAPAA — A pair of tacos from The Kitchen at Papaya’s Natural Foods is a perfect way to grind after a salty day in the sunshine. Comments (1) Recent Workday party Let the vinyl years play on Island Calendar for Friday, May 26, 2017 TGIFr!day for May 26, 2017 ‘Sweet’ success Classifieds Service Directory Services Cars Merchandise Classifieds Real Estate Homes for Sale Rentals Real Estate Weekly Jobs Local Jobs Visitors Ocean Safety Calendar Weather E-Edition Search Home News Local Obituaries Obituaries for Friday, May 26, 2017 Story Comments Print Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Friday, May 26, 2017 12:00 am Obituaries for Friday, May 26, 2017 0 comments Terrisita ‘Terry’ Maximo Terrisita “Terry’ Maximo of Lihue passed away on May 17, at the age of 60. She was born in Lihue, May 14, 1957, and was a department manager at Walmart. She was preceded in death by her Parents Eliceo and Marcela Maximo and brother Michael Maximo. Terry is survived by her brother Fred Maximo, sisters Doris Pina, Frances Maximo, Linda (Eddie) StaAna, Leona (Sixto) Tagupa, Lisa Marie Bernabe; companion Bill Adams; her pet dogs Lily and Charlie; nephew Michael Miranda and nieces Brooke Tagupa, Jennifer (Eric) Miller, Kelly Tagupa, Danielle (Tyler) Kluender and Nicki Adams-Romena; grandniece’s Rita and Eleanor Miller. A celebration of life will be held on May 27, 2017, at Immaculate Conception Church with visitation from 8 to 9:30 a.m. and Mass celebrated at 10 a.m. Scattering of ashes will be at a later date. Kauai Memorial Gardens & Funeral Home assisted the Maximo family with arrangements. Wayne ‘Wayne-Zu’ Masahiro Tanaka Wayne ‘Wayne-Zu’ Masahiro Tanaka, 77, of Wailua, Kauai became a heavenly angel on April 25, 2017. He was born in Pahala, Hawaii and raised on Honolulu, Oahu. After graduating from McKinley High School class of 1958 he worked for Coca-Cola Bottling Company on Oahu as a driver/salesman, then moved to Kauai in 1975 to be the Branch Manager for Coca-Cola Bottling Company Kauai. He retired from Coca-Cola in 2002 after 44 years of service. He enjoyed spending time with his family and the Wailua Ohana, taking his grandchildren on outdoor activities, playing golf with the Westside Golf Club and the Wailua Ohana Friday Clubbers, and kicking back at the 19th hole. He will be forever missed by: his wife Edwina “Kaui” Kau Tanaka; son Todd (Jessell) Tanaka of Lihue, Kauai; daughters Tisha (Keoke) Cotner of Bedford, Texas, and Tiffany (Trinity) Pesamino of Ewa Beach, Oahu; grandchildren Kalauonaonaeho’ohiwahiwaikamakana, Kekaneli’imaikalani, Kassidy, Kelson, Jaden, Jaxon, and Jurney; brothers Alvin (Patricia) Tanaka and Harold Tanaka; and nieces and nephews. A celebration of life will be on Friday June 2, 2017, at the Kapaa Seventh-Day Adventist Church. Visitation at 9 a.m., service at 10:30 a.m. Private interment will be held at a later date. Edith Kirie Kojiri Edith Kirie Kojiri of Hanapepe, passed away at the age of 85 on May 16, 2017, at Kaua’i Care Center. Born on Dec. 22, 1931, in Ele’ele, she was an Occupational Therapy Aide. She is survived by her husband, Masami Kojiri; sons, Rodney Kojiri of Hanapepe, and Clyde Kojiri of Hanapepe; daughter, Amy (Michael) Liberato of Hanapepe; grandchildren: Tiana Kojiri, Llowen Liberato, Llayla (Jan) Bartolome, and Llara Liberato; great-grandchildren: Lyon Bartolome, and Kolten Kojiri-Perreira; sister, Ann Matsuoka of Ele’ele; and numerous nieces, nephews and cousins. Memorial services will be held on Saturday, May 27, 2017, at the Garden Island Mortuary Chapel in Lawai. Visitation will begin at 3 p.m. with a Celebration of Life to follow at 4 p.m. Casual attire is suggested and flowers are being omitted. Arrangements were handled by Garden Island Mortuary, Ltd. Keichi ‘Jonah’ Yamamoto Keichi ‘Jonah’ Yamamoto of Lawai, was born on April 2, 1924, in Honolulu and passed away on May 7, 2017, at Wilcox Hospital. He was a retired warehouse clerk and U.S. Army Veteran. Preceded in death by his wife, Nora (Nishiie) Yamamoto; sister, Helen Kure; and brother, Alfred Yamamoto Sr. Jonah is survived by his son, Bruce (Cathy) Yamamoto; daughter, Joan (Larry) Heller; and grandchildren, Jill Yamamoto and Nathan Heller. A private service has been held with appreciation to the Garden Island Mortuary, Ltd. Kayla Kaohinani ‘Kay-Kay’ Huddy-Lemn Kayla Kaohinani “Kay-Kay” Huddy-Lemn, 19, of Anahola passed away on April 27. She was born on June 20, 1997, in Lihue, Kauai at Wilcox Memorial Hospital. She was employed at Brick Oven Pizza. Kayla is survived by her parents, Nathan Lemn and Verna Huddy, a beloved sister, Zaiana Huddy-Lemn and nephew Kaizaic Watson. Kayla left behind many aunties, uncles, loving cousins and numerous friends. Kayla’s services will be held on June 10, 2017, at Koolau Huuia Church in Anahola from 9 a.m. to noon. A celebration of life will follow at Anahola Beach Park. © 2017 Thegardenisland.com. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Discuss Print   Posted in Obituaries, Homepage on Friday, May 26, 2017 12:00 am. Rules of Conduct 1 Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. 2 Don't Threaten or Abuse. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. AND PLEASE TURN OFF CAPS LOCK. 3 Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. 4 Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. 5 Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. 6 Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Welcome to the discussion. Log In Current users sign in here. Register Print comments Online poll Are you prepared for the upcoming hurricane season? Total Votes: 130 Yes. We always have extra food, supplies and boards ready to put over the windows and an emergency escape plan 67 52% No. But if there is a report of one coming our way, we’ll go to the store and stock up. 41 32% Too busy and too many other problems to be worried about hurricanes. 22 17% Loading… Most Popular Articles Most Commented Stocks Stories ‘King tides’ coming 11 arrested in Kalalau Valley Coco Palms takes spotlight at LBA meeting Timbers rises higher Kauai woman joins Swiss protest All About 60 support group occupying Coco Palms after police issue trespass notices (37) 100 days of President Donald Trump (33) Locals want removal of Kalalau squatters (26) Kagawa: KPD should hire locally (23) Group occupying Coco Palms will continue to be on property (19) Follow us on Facebook Hawaii Yellow Pages Apartments Attorneys Auto Dealers Auto Parts Auto Repair Beauty Salons Car Rental Dentists Doctors Flowers Hotels Insurance Loans Mortgages Movers Pizza Realtors Restaurants Storage Tax Preparation Travel More... Services Advertise with Us Contact Us About Us Subscriber Services Events Calendar Sections News Sports Opinion Lifestyles Obituaries © Copyright 2015, Thegardenisland.com, 3137 Kuhio Hwy. Lihue, HI | Terms of Service and Privacy Policy | Find Area Businesses Login Now Need an account? Create one now.
Wall Street Daily Home Innovation GeoMacro Special Situations Contributors Free Reports Archives About Us Home Innovation GeoMacro Special Situations Contributors Free Reports Archives About Us WSD Team Contact Us Archives Ensure Email Delivery Frequently Asked Questions Broker Listing STOCK WARS: Revenge of the Tech Published Wed, May 24, 2017  |  Jonathan Rodriguez, Senior Analyst Tech stocks dropped 3% following Trump’s election. 73% of tech stocks beat analyst earnings estimates. A new way to play tech’s comeback. Also recommended: Deep-sea killing machines rattle U.S. military officials. As you may know, earnings season officially came to a close last week with a quarterly report from Wal-Mart Stores Inc. And it’s now clear that American companies — and investors — have plenty to get excited about. According to Bespoke Investment Group, 61% of companies beat analyst estimates for earnings — right in line with the historical average. But more importantly, 63% of companies have beat top-line estimates this season. At this pace, this quarter could see the largest revenue beat rate since Q4 2014. And as Jonathan Rodriguez points out, one sector is leaving the rest of the market in the dust… Ahead of the tape, Louis Basenese Chief Investment Strategist, Wall Street Daily Time to Stack Your Deck With Tech Stocks What a difference six months make… On Nov. 9, the day after Donald Trump was elected president, the stock market exploded. The Dow added 257 points after diving nearly 900 points overnight. And on hopes of tax cuts, infrastructure spending and industry deregulation, the market’s biggest laggards quickly became the stars of 2016: financials, materials and health care stocks. Furthermore, the market’s strongest sector by far — technology — fell 3% in the week after the election, while the S&P 500 rose 2%. It was quite a reversal. But as this earnings season — the first of Trump’s presidency — has proved so far to investors, it doesn’t always pay to jump the gun… According to data from the number crunchers at Bespoke Investment Group, 73% of tech stocks beat analyst earnings estimates. That’s eight percentage points higher than the current beat rate for all stocks (65%). And FactSet notes that 72% of tech firms in the S&P 500 beat revenue estimates, too. These results have investors thinking twice about running for the exits on tech… Sellers Remorse? Since the start of the year, XLK — the ETF that tracks large-cap tech stocks — is up 14%. That’s twice the gain of the S&P 500 over the same period. Exclusive Content Trump's Set to Send this $0.24 Stock Exploding Higher! Investors in this tiny company will love Trump for what he’s about to do. This is your chance to turn $100 into a retirement fortune. But hurry... This entire situation will change after August 1. Click here for the details. What about the “Trump trade” darlings of late 2016? Not so hot… Health care names have gained 10% on the year. But materials have gained 5%, and financials are up less than 1%. While it’s true that many individual tech stocks sport hefty valuations, the tech sector at large trades at just 18 times forward earnings — 25% below the S&P. And with billions in cash on hand, tech firms will continue to reward shareholders with buybacks, dividends and takeovers that supercharge growth. Better still, if you were one of the hasty investors who dumped their tech stocks for Trump trade stocks… you’re in luck. Here’s a small-cap tech name that could help supercharge your 2017 returns… Cleaning up Shop Ultra Clean Holdings Inc. (NASDAQ: UCTT) is a tech firm that specializes in manufacturing semiconductor capital equipment. Put simply, Ultra Clean makes the machines that tech device-makers use to craft semiconductor components for their products. And though the company is a rising star in the semiconductor manufacturing space, Ultra Clean is still one of the smallest — boasting a market cap of just $750 million. After a prolonged downturn in the semiconductor industry, business is now booming… The company booked $205 million in revenue in the first quarter — a 69% increase from the same period last year. For the full fiscal year 2016, sales rose 20% from the previous year, to $563 million. Management reported adjusted earnings of 47 cents, versus analyst estimates of 42 cents. That represents an upside surprise of 12%. Ultra Clean trades at 0.9 enterprise value to sales — a 74% discount to the peer average. Shares also trade at 11.8 times forward earnings — a 41% discount to the industry (19.9) and 62% below tech stocks overall (30.9). And fiscal 2017 earnings are forecast to nearly triple from last year. In fact, the stock could easily add another 10% through the end of the year simply by applying the stock’s five-year P/E multiple (13.3) to full-year earnings. Over the last year, shares have soared to an all-time high as Ultra Clean’s fundamentals improve. The stock is up 309% over the last year. That’s eight times small-cap tech stocks and 13 times the rise of the S&P 600. In short, the company is on fantastic financial footing, and the stock is in a solid uptrend. Bottom line: Tech stocks are primed to soar this year as earnings improve and investors rush to buy back shares they sold off after the election. And Ultra Clean represents one of the sector’s hottest momentum stocks, backed by a rock-solid balance sheet. On the hunt, Jonathan Rodriguez Senior Analyst, Wall Street Daily Jonathan Rodriguez has helped develop successful products that earned readers triple-digit gains. With a focus in options trading, he has worked alongside the brightest minds in the financial industry to uncover timely and profitable investment opportunities. Learn More >> Related Articles Tech Investing Now as Inescapable as Trump When Volatility Erupts: 3 Simple Ways to Profit From Market Gyrations New Opportunity Emerges After Trump Trade Cools Stock Market Lull Calls for Extreme Measures Add Comment Cancel reply Name (required, will be published) Mail (required, will not be published) Website Click to cancel reply Innovation Tech Investing Now as Inescapable as Trump By Louis Basenese - May 26, 2017 You’re a tech investor whether you know it or not. These stats prove it. Here’s why that’s the best news ever... GeoMacro Hell Freezes Over… By Louis Basenese - May 18, 2017 This geopolitical event — Britain’s Snap Election — is set to trigger one of two potential outcomes. Now, imagine striking it rich regardless of which outcome occurs. Win both ways? When hell freezes over, right? Not when you see this… Special Situations Stock Market Lull Calls for Extreme Measures By Jonathan Rodriguez - May 25, 2017 The market has cooled off considerably since Donald Trump’s presidential election win. But investors are playing a mellow game of wait-and-see as the president’s legislative agenda unfolds. Don’t follow their lead! SEARCH Search for: Search Powered by Ajaxy premium research True Alpha VentureCap Strategist Extreme Alpha company About Contributors Contact Us Whitelist Instructions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Syndicate Us FAQ learn more Free Reports Premium Research Income Growth Commodities Geomacro Money Trading Funds Saturday Spotlight contact us T. 1.800.708.1020 T. 410.454.0499 F. 410.864.1650 808 St Paul St. Baltimore, MD 21202 © 2017 Wall Street Daily, LLC. All rights reserved.
US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP Styles Structure {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} Values Scripts We have Melissa McCarthy to thank for Sean Spicer’s downfall — raising his profile was the kiss of death ‘He played me for a fool’: Kentucky Trump supporter laments he should have voted for Hillary ‘Basically a sh*thead’: Ex-Jared Kushner employee explains why he’s unqualified to hold any job Monty Python’s John Cleese lights up Twitter with devastating joke about Trump voters ‘Game-changer’: MSNBC panelists explain magnitude of ‘devastating’ Kushner revelations Ex-CIA head: ‘If an American intelligence officer had done’ what Kushner did ‘we’d consider it espionage’ Russia’s Sputnik news correspondent quits in furious tweetstorm attacking agency for only wanting ‘propagandists’ ‘It’s my only income’: Trump voter shocked after learning he plans to cut key program she needs Former Russian Trump aide seeks immunity deal to testify before Congress: NYT Breitbart.com’s readership numbers are plummeting in what should be its hour of triumph ‘You black b*tch!’: Miss Black Texas alleges cops arrested her after she was victim of chief’s ‘road rage’ Sarah K. Burris 25 May 2017 at 23:54 ET                    Carmen Ponder and Police Chief Kerry Crews (Photos: Facebook and Commerce Police Department) Don't miss stories. Follow Raw Story! Follow @rawstory Twenty-three-year-old beauty queen Carmen Ponder was arrested and charged with evading arrest this weekend after avoiding a swerving truck on a road. The truck, however, was being driven by Hunt County Police Chief Kerry Crews. According to the Dallas Morning News, Ponder said that she was driving to a Walmart when she was cut off by a black truck driving erratically. She explained that the truck was driving in and out of lanes and made several sudden stops. She feared it was a drunk driver and drove around the truck before turning into the store’s parking lot. She said that the truck then pulled in beside her, Crews got out and began screaming profanities at her. He told her that he was teaching his 14-year-old daughter how to drive and that Ponder should not have driven around their truck. Ponder informed him that it was illegal for a 14-year-old to be driving and turned to walk into Walmart. According to Ponder, Crew then shouted back at her, “Oh, whatever, you black b*tch!” As she walked out of the store an officer in plain clothes approached her with his badge and began yelling at her. He said that she upset the police chief and should apologize. Ponder declined and continued walking to her car. She said that the officer then grabbed her arm and told her she was being detained. Other officers then arrived in plain clothes and claimed she was evading arrest. She was then handcuffed, taken into custody and held for 24 hours before being charged with evading arrest. Charges were ultimately dropped but Ponder’s attorney said that they are requesting the chief be fired and assault charges be filed against the officer who grabbed and bruised her. @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 Crews disputes Ponder’s account, saying that it was she that approached him and that she “failed to comply with [Crews’] requests.” As a result, she was arrested for “evading arrest or detention.” NEW: Press release just issued by City of Commerce disputes Carmen Ponder's account of racially-charged exchange w/ police chief. @NBCDFW pic.twitter.com/hs6D2v75K3 — Meredith Yeomans (@YeomansNBC5) May 25, 2017 Report typos and corrections to [email protected] About the Author Next on Raw Story > Ex-CIA head: ‘If an American intelligence officer had done’ what Kushner did ‘we’d consider it espionage’ By commenting, you agree to our terms of service and to abide by our commenting policy. Read Comments - Join the Discussion New Stories California woman sues Jelly Belly Candy claiming beans were full of sugar Ex-CIA head: ‘If an American intelligence officer had done’ what Kushner did ‘we’d consider it espionage’ The fascinating ways in which scientists are trying to get inside the mind of a terrorist Here’s how climate change might literally be keeping us up at night Next step in Russia probe: A meeting between Comey and Mueller Raw Story SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Trump News Ex-CIA head: ‘If an American intelligence officer had done’ what Kushner did ‘we’d consider it espionage’ Next step in Russia probe: A meeting between Comey and Mueller MSNBC connects dots on Kushner — and draws a straight line to campaign propaganda by Russians on Facebook ‘He played me for a fool’: Kentucky Trump supporter laments he should have voted for Hillary Russia’s Sputnik news correspondent quits in furious tweetstorm attacking agency for only wanting ‘propagandists’ Trump son-in-law had undisclosed contacts with Russian envoy: sources New Videos Ex-CIA head: ‘If an American intelligence officer had done’ what Kushner did ‘we’d consider it espionage’ MSNBC connects dots on Kushner — and draws a straight line to campaign propaganda by Russians on Facebook ‘He played me for a fool’: Kentucky Trump supporter laments he should have voted for Hillary Alabama’s GOP governor restores voting rights for thousands by fixing racist ‘moral turpitude’ law ‘No good reason’: Ex-Bush attorney general slams Kushner for attempt at secret backchannel to Russia SEE ALL RAW STORIES SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Google+
BREAKING NEWS: Menu Home Top News Front Top News Pakistan Business & Finance World From The Print BR Research Press Release Reviews Pakistan Banking & Finance Business & Economy General News Industries & Sectors World Africa Europe Middle East North America South America South Asia South East Asia Business Global Business & Economy Industries & Sectors Banking & Finance Managed Funds Real Estate Markets Equity FXMM Fixed Income Commodities Energy Stocks Stock Market Data Exchange Rates Sports Cricket Hockey Football Other Sports Olympic London 2012 Entertainment Arts Movies Music Lifestyle Sci-Tech e-Paper Budgets Budget 2017-18 Budget 2016-17 Budget 2015-16 Budget 2014-15 Budget 2013-14 Budget 2012-13 Budget 2011-12 Budget 2010-11 Budget 2009-10 Budget 2008-09 Budget 2007-08 All Budgets Home »BR Research » Brief Recordings » “Commerce Ministry should target bringing 50 big brands to Pakistan” Brief Recordings “Commerce Ministry should target bringing 50 big brands to Pakistan” BR Research May 26th, 2017 09:20 0 Ahmad Kamal is the CEO of Kamal Limited ? one of the oldest names in Pakistani textile. Starting with just a spinning mill in 1954, Kamal Limited today represents a vertically integrated textile conglomerate with $150 million in exports annually.  Recently, the company entered the world of retail with its brand ?So Kamal.? BR Research sat down with Ahmed Kamal to discuss the brand, the future of the company, and the ongoing issues in the textile industry. Below are edited transcripts of the interview. Business Recorder Research: Tell us a little bit about your company and its history. Ahmed Kamal: I' m a third-generation businessman. My grandfather started this company. He came back from Calcutta after independence and put up a factory in Faisalabad that was one of the first few factories that started in Pakistan. Then, we diverted towards the chemical side, but we came back to textile as we believed that textile is the basic industry of Pakistan and it had opportunity to grow because of cotton availability. So, the family concentrated towards the textile sector. In our group, we have all the operations - spinning, weaving, printing, processing, home textile, garment manufacturing, socks manufacturing, and now retail. BRR: How many employees do you hire? AK: Around 12,000 BRR: What is the total volume of your exports? Which markets do you export to? AK: Kamal Limited is 95 percent export-oriented. As a group, we do around $150 million. Our growth is more than 10 percent every year. We are everywhere in the world ? US, Europe, South America. BRR: Which is the lion?s share? AK: Home textile - about $100 million. BRR: How did your business benefit from GSP Plus? AK: GSP Plus has played a very key role and our business has grown 30-40 percent in Europe since then. It was a big advantage for Pakistan ? Bangladesh already enjoyed GSP Plus facility before, but now with this facility given to Pakistan I see a big opportunity in garments. In home textile, we always had an edge on Bangladesh and India, but when we talk about the progress in exports in Bangladesh it is all based on garments. Garment is a segment that fetches more value-addition than home textiles. The key to their success was GSP Plus; that facility gave them the opportunity to grow their business to a level where buyers got interested in that country. And when the buyers got interested in that country, you?ll be amazed to know that today, directly and indirectly, there are more than 200 brands sitting in Bangladesh. If you talk about Pakistan, there are maybe 10 brands with their buying offices here. In value-addition, our exports are $6 billion whereas out of Bangladesh?s $32 billion textile exports, $28 billion is garments. It is the customer that wants to come to the factory, wants to see the production in front of them, improve the techniques, learn what new products they can get from the factory, etc. If there is a free flow and the customer can come with security and peace to your manufacturing facility, it can really facilitate the growth of your business. I talked to the Commerce Minister. I told him that instead of these expos and bringing in small retailers or unrelated ?delegates? to just fill up the slots, what we should do is make a proper strategy and target customers. As a Commerce Ministry, they should target ten big brands of garment, home textile, and knitted garments; we should approach them, visit them, give them the facility that they should come and open their offices here. I have been telling the Commerce Ministry that if you can have a diplomatic enclave, why can?t you have a buyer?s enclave? They should be treated like a VIP. If those brands come and have a presence in Pakistan, it will really boost our exports. For example, we were supplying to Sainsbury?s. One day, Sainsbury?s called my team from UK and said they will not be able to buy from us anymore. They told us that although we had the highest marks in this category and were one of the best performers, their board has decided that we are not going to source our goods from a country where we cannot travel. BRR: How do you differentiate our commercial counselors/commercial attach‚s to counterparts in India and Bangladesh? AK: As far as their competence and commitment go, there is nothing wrong with them. They need the proper direction, tools, and resources to tap those accounts. Sometimes a commercial counselor doesn?t have that profile to go and meet the president of Sainsbury?s or Tesco or Disney or Wal-Mart. You might need your ambassador or commerce minister to go there; to invite them, call on them, and market as a country. The target for Commerce Ministry should be to bring 50 big brands to Pakistan. BRR: Do you think cost competitiveness is an issue in our declining exports? AK: Yes. In textile, the biggest cost after raw material is energy. You can have this energy produced by either gas, electricity, or burning. For example, in my processing area I have three kinds of energy resources: I need electricity to run my machines, steam to wash my cloth and heating for certain purposes. I make my electricity either from gas or I buy it from WAPDA. The industry pays 100 percent of what it consumes from WAPDA. Yet, the government is imposing Rs3.6 surcharge as theft surcharge. The cost of electricity is Rs10 plus Rs3.6 surcharge which other sectors are stealing. Why should I pay for somebody else?s theft? And when I will pay for that, I will put it in my cost. Why would Wal-Mart pay for that? How does that make me competitive? The government asked me to put up coal steam boilers because there was no gas. I already pay 30 percent of the cost to bring the coal from Karachi to here and then when the whole of Faisalabad put up coal plants to make steam, they put duty on it. In our factories, we have put up power plants three times. First, they asked us to put power plant on diesel, then they gave a policy that you should use furnace oil because they reduced the duty on it. Now they said gas will be available to you and then one fine morning, there was no gas for Punjab. BRR: Tell us about the issue of refunds. Are you cash-strapped? Is it hindering your business? AK: Of course. Today, 30-35 percent of our equity is stuck up in refunds, because for one year they have not paid us our sales tax. There is no tax on an exporter as a sales tax. We were a collecting agent. They did a very good thing that from July 2016 they made us zero-rated. Still, the packaging material that you buy will be subjected to sales tax, no refund. On a macro level, Pakistan is doing well and has seen industrial growth, but only those industries which are protected and pampered. You say power companies are doing really well. Why? You give them an upfront tariff of 17 percent. They are guaranteed a 17 percent return in dollar terms whether they produce or not. You say banking industry is doing really well. Where in the world is there a spread of six percent? Government is giving protection to banking, fertilizer, and automobile sectors. I am not against their protection. I am against the fact that on my sector, you are charging surcharge of theft done by others; you are making me a withholding agent and not paying my money back after one year. In China, it is refunded in seven days; my refunds are stuck up for 14 months. I don?t have customers coming here because of law and order situation. I have to travel; at this time, three of my teams are traveling in different parts of the world. One is in Spain, one in Primark in Dublin, and one is in the US for my garments. I am paying for all of this. BRR: Have you gone through any expansion in your textile business? AK: Yes, we have just put up one more weaving unit using the facility of Long-term financing. That?s for our exports. BRR: Is your spinning unit catering exclusively to your own use or are you giving it to the market as well? AK: We mostly use it within the company. We buy a lot of yarn also as our spinning capacity is much less than our consumption. BRR: Tell us about the company?s growth. What were your exports five years ago and what will your exports be five years down the line? AK: Five years ago, exports were half of what they are today. We doubled in five years and if things are right, we can double it again! We have the capacities available. We need the resources; we need only our money should be paid back to us and the incentives that the government announced should be given. BRR: How much of your installed capacity is being deployed? AK: We are 20 percent under-utilized. BRR: You have room to develop it by 20 percent, but you plan to double exports. Are you planning for that expansion? AK: I am not planning anything per se, because I am not seeing a good opportunity for textile. I have been advised not to invest in textile anymore and divert to other areas. BRR: Do you think that in CPEC, the Chinese would go back to the value-added industry within China after importing from here? AK: It?s a very simple calculation. The freight for bringing in a 20-feet container from China is $2500-3000. If you want to send a 20-feet container back to China, it?s $30. That shows how many goods are coming from China. When you are bringing in the container from China, they are charging you the freight for coming and taking the empty container back. That is your parity with China. What you are going to sell to China? You think that your productivity and labour cost is less? I have in my small factory 32 security guards. In China, a factory 100 times bigger than mine doesn?t have one security guard. Business is done on competitiveness. Customers come to you when you are competitive. BRR: When did you come into the retail business? Your brand is So Kamal. What do you make? AK: Three years ago. We are concentrated mostly on lawn for women, stitched and unstitched. We have 25 stores ? we are present exclusively in Punjab. BRR: How much of your revenues from retail are in proportion to your exports? AK: Just three to four percent. BRR: Where do you see that in the future? AK: Depends on government policies! No retailer is making money right now. No one is expanding. Retail business is suffering because of the smuggled goods; just go to any local market and see how much fabric is from here and how much is from China. It?s a musical chair ? the brands are coming up, and non-branded goods are going down. Before, there were non-branded sales. Now, the manufacturers are selling directly themselves because they are coming into retail, so you are seeing the brands: Sitara, Five Star, Gul Ahmed. BRR: How many stores do you see by 2020? AK: The growth in the business always comes with profit. If there is going to be profit, I?ll grow. We have 25 stores but now we are stagnant for the last six months. With CPEC and new developments, we are very cautious. We don?t know what is going to happen to the market. This country is becoming a trade, retail, import-oriented country. At the moment, my retail is based on my own manufacturing. Many tiles manufacturers here, they have built their brand, but now they?ve closed down manufacturing and are bringing in tiles from China and selling under their own brand. Many shoe manufacturers are doing this as well; they were manufacturing here, but now they?re just importing from China. If my manufacturing will stay competitive, my retail business will be increasing. If my manufacturing business will not stay competitive, my retail business cannot increase. This is the strategy for my business; I am not an importer and retailing it over here. I don?t bring anything to my retail shops which I don?t manufacture myself. BRR: Do you think the current policies are business-friendly? AK: Policies are very good, they are not implemented. They are business-friendly in the books. I don?t know who is responsible for non-implementation. When I meet the government officials, they look very positive. BRR: Is sticky currency having an impact on your exports? AK: When there is an ego involved, it is bad for business. Currencies in the world are rated with the market forces. Either you are a free economy or you are regulated. My father told me once that if you lie three or four times, you start believing it?s the truth. When the Euro came down from $1.40 to $1.10, the whole world depreciated their currencies. Why did we not? With one rupee, with $70 billion of borrowing, you get a deficit of $700 million! If you do not devalue, you have to give some sort of support to your exports. One percent of devaluation is equal to five percent of rebate ? $700 million. They have realised it after four years, they have given the policy of DLTL, but let?s see if they implement it. BRR: So Kamal is not into home textile retail. Why? AK: We have it but it?s not our bread and butter. It is not a trend in Pakistani retail generally speaking ? Gul Ahmed, Al-Karam, they are also home textile retailers, but the percentage of home textile in their retail is very low. BRR: What is the rent-to-sale ratio in order to be viable? AK: It should be 1:10. Rent should be two to three days of your sale. Rents have gone very high. I have seen 1:5 and 1:6, and I don?t think those brands would be doing too well. BRR: How much of your retail is online? AK: It?s increasing. It's about ten percent. BRR: Twenty years from now, how do you see your retail growing? Currently you said it?s 3-4 percent of your revenues. AK: Retail will be 10-15 percent. BRR: What are your margins like? AK: The margin in textile is usually 3-5 percent. BRR: What about on your exports? AK: It's the same - 3-5 percent. It's the turnover that matters. Just look at any brand: look at Zara, look at target. Copyright Business Recorder, 2017 Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Mail Print the author BR Research Previous Trump says 'Germans are very bad': Spiegel Next Capital market: development still missing Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Quick Search BULLION RATE COTTON YARN CURRENCY EXCHANGE CAPITAL GROWTH LIBOR MUTUAL FUNDS KERB VEGETABLE OIL GRAIN MARKET RATES Copyright © 2017  Business Recorder. All Rights Reserved. Powered by e-Dynamics - Software Department. Contact us Terms of use Privacy Policy Disclaimer Close Close Top
Obituaries Sports Business Classifieds 77° Full Menu 77° Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Local News Bicentennial Communities Cruisin The Coast Latest News Business Casinos Crime DHS Military Politics Crawdaddy Weather State Nation & World By the Way Hurricane Katrina Sports Sports High School Outdoors New Orleans Saints Biloxi Shuckers Southern Miss Mississippi State Ole Miss New Orleans Pelicans Auto Racing Blogs & Columnists Keeping Score Patrick Magee Patrick Ochs Rick Cleveland Brian Allee-Walsh Politics Politics Living Living Religion Food & Drink @Home Health & Fitness Engagement/Wedding Ads Marquee Calendar Comics Puzzles & Games Ask the Expert TV Guide Blogs & Columnists Entertainment Entertainment Mardi Gras Mardi Gras Maps Arts and Culture Celebrities Comics Dining Horoscopes Framed Photos Movie News & Reviews Blogs & Columnists Throwing Shade Opinion Opinion Editorials More Opinions Letters Sound Off Cartoons Blogs & Columnists Paul Hampton Charlie Mitchell Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us In this May 4, 2010, file photo, a customer shops at a Target store in Mountain View, Calif. Target CEO Brian Cornell testified Tuesday that a proposed border adjustment tax, essentially a tax on imported goods, would “hit those families hard” by raising prices up to 20 percent. Paul Sakuma AP In this May 4, 2010, file photo, a customer shops at a Target store in Mountain View, Calif. Target CEO Brian Cornell testified Tuesday that a proposed border adjustment tax, essentially a tax on imported goods, would “hit those families hard” by raising prices up to 20 percent. Paul Sakuma AP Politics & Government May 23, 2017 11:18 AM Target CEO tells Congress that GOP’s proposed import tax would hurt his customers By Alex Daugherty adaugherty@mcclatchydc.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story WASHINGTON A proposed 20 percent tax on imported goods championed by House Speaker Paul Ryan, R-Wis., as a way to overhaul the nation’s tax system received a hearing on Capitol Hill on Tuesday, and reception to the plan by business leaders and House Republicans was mixed. The tax on imports, dubbed the border adjustment tax, has divided Republicans. Proponents argue the tax would help American manufacturers while raising $1 trillion over 10 years, and opponents say the plan would result in higher prices for consumers and cause businesses to lay off workers. Senate Republicans, including Majority Leader Mitch McConnell of Kentucky, have said the border adjustment plan doesn’t have a chance of passing the Senate, while the White House has remained relatively silent over the proposal in recent weeks. On Tuesday, the CEO of Target testified against the idea to the House tax-writing committee, as many large retailers are leery of a tax on the thousands of products they import from foreign markets. “Under the new border adjustment tax, American families – your constituents – would pay more so many multinational corporations can pay even less,” said Target CEO Brian Cornell. “Eighty-five percent of Americans shop at Target every year. We believe this new tax would hit those families hard, raising prices on everyday essentials by up to 20 percent.” But the former chief executive officer of Wal-Mart was cautiously optimistic. “I have weighed the considerable challenges this proposal presents to retail with the significant benefits it will deliver to the economy as a whole and have concluded that properly implemented, it is in the best interest of our country for this to be considered,” William Simon said. Simon retired in 2014, and Wal-Mart is opposed to the border adjustment plan. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:30 Home security video captures theft of golf clubs Pause 2:04 WATCH: Southern Miss rolls in front of large Biloxi crowd 3:41 His hospital staff rushed to fulfill his final wish: to marry his fiancé 1:13 New Gulfport casino will be smoke-free 1:08 USM survives CUSA elimination game against Louisiana Tech 1:16 Four killed in Jackson County wreck 0:25 Ocean Springs gradates cross the stage 2:06 Gulfport earns walk-off win over Tupelo in Game 2 1:44 Hear from Ocean Springs mayoral candidates 0:37 Matt McDonnell tells the Lions Club his plans for life after politics Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email White House unveils President Trump’s tax plan The Trump administration unveiled its tax overhaul plan April 26 during the daily press briefing. White House National Economic Council Director Gary Cohn said the plan is “the most significant tax reform legislations since 1986.” C-SPAN A few Republicans on the House Ways and Means Committee voiced reservations to the tax Tuesday. Minnesota Rep. Erik Paulsen, who represents a competitive district and did not vote for President Donald Trump, said he was opposed to the border adjustment tax. “This has to be done in a very thoughtful way, a way that addresses the very real and valid concerns,” Paulsen said. “I cannot support the border adjustability provisions as introduced last year in the blueprint. I really want to urge this committee to listen, to be educated and to address these concerns that we heard.” EDITORS: STORY CAN END HERE Other Republicans on the committee, including Reps. Mike Kelly of Pennsylvania and Jim Renacci of Ohio, pushed Cornell and Simon over the implications of the tax for consumers. “I’ve been skeptical of the border adjustment as a central element of the blueprint, but I’m trying not to be,” Renacci said. “Does border adjustment pick winners and losers? Who will the tax burden ultimately shift to, and is it compliant with our international treaty obligations?” It is unclear at this point whether the World Trade Organization would take punitive action against the United States for implementing the tax. Tuesday’s hearing brought a change in messaging from Ways and Means Chairman Kevin Brady, R-Texas, who said the proposed border adjustment tax would end what he and others call a “made in America tax” for domestic manufacturers. There isn’t any such tax – American manufacturers are, like all exporters, taxed on their exported goods by foreign governments – but it’s an argument the House Republican leadership hopes will convince the president and his supporters that border adjustment would help middle- and working-class Americans. “In the tax reform blueprint we propose to end the ‘made in America’ tax and instead tax all products and services equally when they are sold in America at a low rate of 20 percent,” Brady said. “And we lift the tax on ‘made in America’ products and services when they are sold abroad — for the first time leveling the playing field for American workers, businesses and farmers.” Democrats are generally against the border adjustment tax and say Ryan and Brady’s plan doesn’t help middle- and working-class employees enough. “There are many unknowns about the border adjustment tax,” said Ways and Means ranking member Richard Neal, D-Mass. “What would the BAT’s impact be on American jobs? Who will be the winners and losers as a result of the BAT?” The tax overhaul plan supported by Ryan and Brady also reduces corporate taxes to a flat rate of 20 percent, establishes three personal income-tax brackets instead of the current seven and eliminates many deductions. The nation’s tax system has not been overhauled since Ronald Reagan’s administration. Brady said he wanted to pass a tax overhaul plan by the end of the year. Alex Daugherty: 202-383-6049, @alextdaugherty House Ways and Means Committee chairman Kevin Brady, R-Texas, is in favor of imposing a 20 percent tax on imports as part of a tax overhaul plan that reduces the corporate and personal income tax rates. Other Republicans oppose the plan. Susan Walsh AP LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:30 Home security video captures theft of golf clubs Pause 2:04 WATCH: Southern Miss rolls in front of large Biloxi crowd 3:41 His hospital staff rushed to fulfill his final wish: to marry his fiancé 1:13 New Gulfport casino will be smoke-free 1:08 USM survives CUSA elimination game against Louisiana Tech 1:16 Four killed in Jackson County wreck 0:25 Ocean Springs gradates cross the stage 2:06 Gulfport earns walk-off win over Tupelo in Game 2 1:44 Hear from Ocean Springs mayoral candidates 0:37 Matt McDonnell tells the Lions Club his plans for life after politics Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a month ago Hear from Ocean Springs mayoral candidates 1:44 a month ago Hear from Ocean Springs mayoral candidates 1:35 a month ago Rep. Hank Zuber wants to reduce general sessions of Legislature 2:05 4 months ago Does pro-life mean pro-Trump? View More Video Politics & Government Kuwaiti company agrees to pay $95 million in fraud case Melania Trump's pricey jacket draws attention in Sicily Guest lineups for the Sunday news shows Warthog attack plane finds new life in Trump administration Democrats see hope for 2018 in thin GOP victory in Montana Politics & Government Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Subscriber Services E-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Archive Search Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram Advertising Quick Finder Place a Classified Place an Obituary Shopping Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home Weather 81° Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community More Home Weather Local Nation Now Traffic Sports Features About Video Photos Great Day Community Search User Sign in with Facebook Sign In FAQ You are logged in as Log out Sign In FAQ Close Commerce police chief on leave amid conflicting stories surrounding arrest The pageant queen vs. the police chief in Commerce David Goins, WFAA 6:25 AM. CDT May 26, 2017 CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST COMMERCE, Texas -- Commerce Police Chief Kerry Crews was placed on administrative leave Thursday amid a growing investigation surrounding the arrest of a Texas A&M-Commerce student over the weekend. Carmen Ponder, 23, told WFAA on Wednesday she was detained for evading arrest for failing to apologize to the chief after a heated verbal exchange. "I just want it to not happen to anyone else," Ponder said. What exactly happened remained disputed by the City of Commerce and Chief Crews on Thursday. Ponder says it started when she was driving to Walmart in Commerce on May 20 and noticed a black truck in front of her driving slowly and erratically. “I thought it was a drunk driver, so I went around them and then proceeded to turn into Walmart," Ponder told WFAA. She says the driver then followed her to her parking spot and began verbally berating her for cutting in front of him and his 14-year old daughter, who he was teaching how to drive, according to Ponder. "I ignored him," Ponder said. "I kept my window up. I looked at him to let it be known that I hear him, but I just got my keys from my car and kept walking into Walmart.”  She says the man continued to ask her to apologize. "I turned and I'm like 'It's illegal to have a 14-year old driving,'" Ponder recalled. "And that was when he said, 'Whatever you black (expletive).'" Ponder said she didn't respond and continued into the store. She says what happened as she walked out landed her in jail, though she still has no idea why. Ponder, who plans to graduate in December, says she saw two adult males and an adult female approach her as she was leaving the store. "One of them showed me a badge and said, 'This here is my chief and what he says goes, and you’re going to apologize to him,'" Ponder said. "And I told him I was not going to apologize to him, I was going to continue walking to my car and I was going to go home.” Ponder did not go home. The paralegal studies major spent 24 hours in the Hunt County Jail before being released Sunday afternoon on a $1,000 bond. Ponder says after she viewed photos of Crews online, she concluded he was the same person who engaged her in the verbal exchange and made the racially insensitive remark. Commerce police have not released the police report or arrest affidavit for Ponder, citing the ongoing investigation. On Thursday, the City of Commerce said Crews was not involved in the initial altercation between two parties, but was at Walmart as a customer. "Chief Crews became engaged in the incident after being approached by one of the parties," the City said in a statement. "Chief Crews made contact with the other party, but she failed to comply with his requests. As a result, she was arrested for evading arrest or detention when the responding officer arrived." Chief Crews was placed on leave pending the results of the investigation. Attorney Lee Merritt represents Ponder and told WFAA that he is demanding the resignation of Crews and the filing of criminal charges against him, as well as the attending officers for assault, wrongful arrest and official corruption. When asked on Thursday if his client still believed the man who yelled at her prior to entering Walmart was the police chief, Merritt responded she "doesn't know." The embattled chief said he can not grant interviews right now, but told WFAA on Thursday he did not say anything inappropriate to Ponder. "I don't even have a 14-year old daughter," he said. The Combined Law Enforcement Associations of Texas represents officers, including Crews. Charley Wilkison with CLEAT said the narrative being spread online in the first 24 hours was not accurate. "Social media is the gossip over the fence in 2017," Wilkison said. "We think in every way that his reputation will be returned as much as possible. Everything that's been said about him and his character, his professionalism, is a lie." Wilkison said the investigation will reveal that Chief Crews conducted himself appropriately. "The fact is he gave her a lawful order. She didn’t comply, and the only other thing that could happen is that person would be taken into custody," Wilkison added. Jasmine Crockett is representing Ponder for the misdemeanor charge and voiced concern about available visual evidence to corroborate either account definitively. “We won’t have bodycam footage. We won’t have dashcam footage. We won’t have anything except their word against hers,” Crockett said. There are cameras inside and outside the Walmart location that investigators will examine. Two sources close to the investigation that spoke to WFAA on condition of anonymity said more than one officer on scene was wearing a body camera and at least one cell phone video from a bystander may add more perspective on what happened. Also on Thursday, a group of a dozen or so community members who called themselves "Concerned Citizens of Commerce" asked the public for "patience and calmness as pieces of this unfortunate incident are connected." "As the days and weeks move forward, we believe that this matter can best be resolved with local citizens' input and oversight rather than outside forces interfering with investigators," the statement read. Late Thursday, city council emerged from executive session after a special meeting. The council unanimously approved the hiring of Lynn, Ross & Gannaway, a private Fort Worth-based firm, to conduct the internal affairs investigation into the arrest. City Manager Darrek Ferrell told WFAA the City turned to a private company after the Texas Rangers declined, citing the lack of a criminal investigation. © 2017 WFAA-TV CONNECT TWEET LINKEDIN GOOGLE+ PINTEREST JOIN THE CONVERSATION To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Leave a Comment TRENDING VIDEOS Student named 'most likely to be a terrorist' Man in 'fake homeless guy video' speaks out Convicted nurse, 'Angel of Death', to face new murder charge Virus wiping out crawfish in south Louisiana, Houston farmers concerned Caught on camera: Man arrested after driving erratically Fired Baytown officer charged with bribery Greg Kelley's family reacts to news Video released of teacher kissing student 1 killed, 1 wounded in shootout at gas station parking lot Governor signs "passing the trash" bill More Stories Trooper who survived crash warns of drunk driving May 26, 2017, 11:04 p.m. 'Most likely to become a terrorist' story causes outrage May 26, 2017, 4:38 p.m. Gov. Abbott jokes about shooting reporters after… May 26, 2017, 12:18 p.m. About Us Contact Us Reporters Index Help Connect With Us FCC Online Public Inspection File • EEO Public File Report Home Weather Health Detail Closings & Delays Location Search Radars Conditions Hurricane Central More... Weather Bug Marriott Marquis Houston Cam Weathercaster App Beach Cams Forum Flights Weather Alerts Weather Blog Local Crime Texas News Politics Investigative Health Business More... Consumer Weird News Oil and Gas More Local Neighborhood Politics Raw Video Seen on 11 News Verify Inspiring Curiosity Stands for Houston Charlie Foxtrot Side Effects Transparency Year In Review If My Parents Only Knew Tell Tiffany Missing Kids Nation Now Traffic Gas Prices Flights Radars Mobile Apps Houston TranStar Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo High School College More... Sports Photos Sports Extra More Sports JJ Watt NFL NBA Submit MLB NHL High School Football Golf Soccer Super Bowl Cowboys NCAA Basketball Tournament Features Entertainment Texans Cheerleaders Houston Rodeo Animals Food CBS TV Shows More... City Pros Tech-Gaming More Features Life in Balance Obituaries Buffalo Bayou Park Great Day Houston Day For Night Red Apple Award Surprise Squad Community TD Jakes Inspiring Curiosity Weird News Magnify Money Vote Now Secret Santa Ways to Save Thankful Santa Tracker Holiday Lights Norad Santa Tracker Oscars Movie Minute Grammys Grammys Playlist Pet of the Week Eclipse About Contact Jobs News Bios Advertise with Us TV Listings Mobile Apps More... Closed Captioning Great Day Houston Justice Network Talent Requests Station Tours CBS Shows Newsletters RSS Community Rules Privacy Terms Cobrand Header Survey Cobrand Footer Text Alerts FCC Public Inspection File © 2017 KHOU-TV Services Advertise With Us KHOU Jobs Closed Captioning Procedures FCC Online Public Inspection File Privacy Notice/ Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Service Ad Choices Our Partners CBS Cars.com Houston Justice Network Site Relevance Date Search
EDITION US NEWS Highline Science Education Weird News Business TestKitchen Tech College Media POLITICS Pollster Heroin Epidemic Donald Trump Racial Inequality US Senate Election Results HuffPost Hill Police Brutality Hate Crimes Supreme Court Congress So That Happened ENTERTAINMENT Entertainment Comedy Celebrity TV Arts + Culture Backspace Movies LIFESTYLE Healthy Living Travel Style Taste Home Relationships Horoscopes VOICES Black Voices Latino Voices Women Fifty Queer Voices Parents IMPACT Reclaim Project Zero Good News VIDEO NEWSLETTERS FEATURED OWN Paving the Way The Power Of Humanity Retire Well Sleep + Wellness What's Working: Purpose + Profit WorldPost MORE Books Candidate Confessional College Crime Divorce Eat the Press Education Green Outspeak Religion Small Business Sports Teen Weddings Arabi Australia Brasil Canada Deutschland España France Greece India Italia Japan Korea Maghreb México Québec South Africa United Kingdom United States Close BLACK VOICES 05/25/2017 04:47 pm ET | Updated 15 hours ago Miss Black Texas Says Police Chief Illegally Arrested Her In Fit Of Racist Road Rage Carmen Ponder claims the off-duty cop called her a "black bitch" and berated her for passing his 14-year-old daughter during a driving lesson. By Hayley Miller Commerce PD/Twitter Miss Black Texas 2016 is calling for a North Texas police chief to be removed from his job after he allegedly called her a “black bitch” and unlawfully arrested her for passing his 14-year-old daughter on the road. Carmen Ponder, an intern at the Hunt County district attorney’s office and a recent graduate of Texas A&M University, tweeted Tuesday that she experienced “road rage” from Kerry Crews, the police chief in Commerce, Texas. Police brutality and Abuse of Power from a Police Chief. Let me talk to my lawyer and I'll fill y'all in #blacklivesmatter— Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 22, 2017 Ponder says she was on her way to a local Walmart when a black truck cut in front of her and began driving erratically. She says she decided to pass the vehicle to avoid a potentially dangerous situation because she believed the driver to be drunk. She had parked her car outside the Walmart before realizing the black truck had followed her, she says. Crews, who had not identified himself as a cop, apparently yelled at Ponder for passing his daughter, whom he had been teaching to drive at the time. “Whatever, you black bitch,” Crews allegedly told Ponder after she reminded him that it’s “illegal” for a 14-year-old to drive. It’s just a reminder that our skin color ... is seen as something hostile, dangerous and illegal. Lee Merritt, civil rights attorney Ponder says she walked away from the confrontation and made her way into the store. She alleges that Crews, his daughter and at least one other man were waiting for her when she returned. One of the men allegedly informed Ponder that Crews is a police chief and that she should apologize to him for being disrespectful. Ponder refused and began walking to her car, apparently prompting the man to grab her by the arm and tell her she was going to be detained. When more police arrived on the scene, Ponder approached them for help. But she claims the man who initially grabbed her told the officers that she was resisting arrest and instructed them to detain her. Ponder was handcuffed, put in the back of the a police car, and detained for roughly 24 hours. She was released but still faces a charge for evading arrest. Read Ponder’s description of the ordeal below. @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM— Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 Crews did not immediately respond to HuffPost’s request for comment. He told a local NBC affiliate that his attorneys had advised him not to speak. The Commerce Police Department declined to comment on the incident.  Ponder’s attorney is Lee Merritt, a civil rights lawyer. He told HuffPost that a Walmart employee heard Crews swear at Ponder and apologized on his behalf. Walmart referred HuffPost to the Commerce Police Department when asked for a comment.  Merritt said Ponder suffered bruising on her arms and is hesitant to leave her house because she’s afraid of being threatened by Crews’ supporters. “If this is how [Crews] behaves when he feels someone disrespected him ... how does he handle people who he suspects of committing real crimes?” Merritt said.  Ponder is calling for the charge against her to be dropped, for Crews to be fired and for the other involved officers to face disciplinary action. “It’s just a reminder that our skin color, speaking specifically about the African-American community, is seen as something hostile, dangerous and illegal,” Merritt said.  Merritt also represented Jacqueline Craig, the black mother from Fort Worth whose arrest went viral after being captured on a cellphone video. A white cop arrested Craig and her two daughters in December after they called the police to report a neighbor for attacking Craig’s 5-year-old son. Related Coverage Video: White Texas Cop Arrests Black Mother Who Asked Police To Investigate Assault On Son ALSO ON HUFFPOST 6 Times Black TV Shows Tackled Racial Profiling and Police Brutality 6 Times Black TV Shows Tackled Racial Profiling and Police Brutality 1 of 7 Click through the following slideshow for a series of clips as television delves into one of today's most pressing issues. Share this slide: Pacific Press via Getty Images Suggest a correction Hayley Miller Reporter, HuffPost MORE: U.S. News Arts And Entertainment Hate Speech North Texas Hunt County, Texas Close SUBSCRIBE TO & FOLLOW BLACK VOICES Stay plugged in with the stories on black life and culture that matter. Learn more Newsletter 1.14 M 344 K 479 K Podcast Add us on Snapchat Miss Black Texas Says Police Chief Illegally Arrested Her In Fit Of Racist Road Rage CONVERSATIONS ABOUT US ADVERTISE ABOUT OUR ADS CONTACT US RSS FAQ CAREERS ARCHIVE USER AGREEMENT PRIVACY POLICY COMMENT POLICY Copyright © 2017 TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc.    "The Huffington Post" is a registered trademark of TheHuffingtonPost.com, Inc. All rights reserved. Part of HuffPost MultiCultural/HPMG News
  Trending News Must Reads Most Popular US World Science Crime Politics Great Finds Entertainment More More sections   Superlatives   Health Tech Money Sports Media Breaking Celebrity Lifestyle Travel Green Opinion Brilliant Hilarious Intriguing Depressing Ridiculous Scary   Log into your Newser account Use the one-click login Forgot your password Don't have an account? Sign up now Log in with Facebook or Twitter. Logging in Sign up and get access to special features Connect to your Facebook or Twitter account or simply fill in the form and Continue This will appear next to all of your comments This will NOT appear anywhere on Newser I am at least 13 years of age, and have read and agree to the terms of use. Already have an account? Login here Registering Joined Newser on: logout My Comments Account Profile Info Settings Email Subscriptions   Find what you're looking for   Read Less, Know More on Facebook and Twitter Follow   Newser in your inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up   More Crime Stories» Texas Nurse May Have Killed as Many as 60 Kids Thieves Are Getting Nuts in California Reports: San Bernardino Shooter Died in 'Mist of Blood' Alabama Executes Man Who Dodged Death 7 Times Teacher Accused of Trading Gummy Bears for Kiss Pleads Guilty Warrant Issued for Bikram Yoga Founder Man Accidentally Reveals $500M Opium Crop to Cops Accused Rapist's Lawyer Gets Busted Himself Playboy Model Sentenced in Nude Body-Shaming Case Bill Cosby's Jury Is Set Agents Feared Leak of Trump's Taxes Could Affect Election Note to iPhone Thieves: Do Not Answer FaceTime Calls Crime / Texas Go to Grid|Next Story Police Chief on Leave After Arrest of Miss Black Texas Carmen Ponder accuses Kerry Crews of wrongful arrest and corruption By Michael Harthorne,  Newser Staff Posted May 25, 2017 6:56 PM CDT 228 comments Comments Chief Kerry Crews   (City of Commerce) (Newser) – The winner of Miss Black Texas 2016 is alleging assault, wrongful arrest, and official corruption against a Texas police chief and other officers after she spent 24 hours in jail this past weekend, the Root reports. According to NBC DFW, Carmen Ponder says she was driving to Walmart on Saturday when a truck cut her off while driving erratically. She passed the truck and pulled into the Walmart parking lot. Ponder says the truck followed her and she was accosted by Commerce police chief Kerry Crews, who was in the passenger seat. Ponder says Crews was "yelling and cussing" at her that he was teaching his 14-year-old daughter to drive and that Ponder shouldn't have passed them. She says Crews called her a "black bitch" when she informed him that letting his 14-year-old daughter drive was illegal. Ponder says when she left the store, she was confronted by plain clothes officers who demanded she apologize to Crews. She refused and was arrested. Ponder was later charged with evading arrest. In a Facebook post, Ponder's attorney says his client's only crime was "the color of her skin." The city has placed Crews on leave during an investigation into the incident, but it states Ponder's account conflicts with that of Crews and another officer. Crews says he wasn't involved in the initial argument between two motorists and only got involved when one of them approached him. The city doesn't say who the other motorist was. Ponder is a Dean's List student at Texas A&M and an intern with the Hunt County District Attorney.   My Take on This Story Report a story error Show results without voting  |   9% Hilarious 11% Intriguing 23% Depressing 5% Brilliant 24% Scary 28% Ridiculous Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email Story 228 comments You Might Like Sponsored by ZergNet Next on Newser: Bomber Said to Have Pleaded 'Forgive Me' Before UK Blast Comments Read comment policy Showing 3 of 228 comments Sparky May 26, 2017 5:53 PM CDT Third World Texas... been there before. I was driving down the road one day, passing through some back water beach pueblo in Central America, when suddenly a truck came screaming out of a driveway, traveling in reverse. The driver, a young kid, gets out of the truck and scoots back into the house where a New Year's fiesta is being held. His father waited in the truck until the police arrived and with the assistance of 300 bucks US convinced the cops the white guy was at fault It doesn't matter where you're at, Cops are universally crooked... dan6807 May 26, 2017 2:20 PM CDT If he was teaching a 14 year old to drive that is illegal and I suspect he was the type to be mad at anyone pointing that out. The city should find another officer. Give_me_a_penny_for_my_thought May 26, 2017 2:19 PM CDT she said ABC happened he says XYZ happened my guess is .. something more like LMN happened View all 228 comments Leave a comment Popular on Newser Working Theory in Jet Crash: iPhone in Cockpit Is to Blame 1 Montenegro Leader Not Troubled by Trump Shove 2 World Gets Its Best Look Yet at Melania Trump 3 Trump: 'The Germans Are Bad, Very Bad' 4 Sole Man in 'First Ladies' Photo Charms Internet 5 Other Stories On Our Radar Enter to Win a Trip to LA! People Performing Acts of Kindness After Manchester Explosion Will Move You to Tears Melania Appears to Slap Trump’s Hand Away and the Internet Cheers The Best Man at Pippa Middleton's Wedding Compared Her to a Dog During His Toast This Is Trump’s Most Unpopular Tweet From the Past Year, According to Science South Korea President’s Hot Bodyguard Is Driving the Internet Crazy Dramatic Video Captures Sea Lion Dragging Girl Into Water Partner Links AROUND THE WEB Follow Newser Follow News From Our Partners Former National Security Adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski Dies At 89 Mount Vernon City Employees Find Themselves Unable To Cash Paychecks Coptic Christians In NYC Pray For Peace After Dozens Killed In Egyptian Bus... Go to CBS Local This Student Is Tapping An Underused Source for Language Lessons: Refugees Did 'The Godfather' Fail Italian Americans After All? The Moroccan Gallery Defying Fancy Fine Art Go to Ozy Watching Blake Shelton taking a spin at “The Price is Right” wheel will have... Student messed with the wrong animal during recess and had to go to the hospital 25 years ago, Chris Farley debuted one of the most iconic “SNL” sketches of all... Go to Rare This Is The One Life Hack You Need To Make A Long Weekend Feel Even Longer Everything I Wish I Could Say To The Girl I Kept On The Bench For Years Bella Thorne Claps Back At Rumors About Her And Scott Disick Go to Elite Daily Other Sites We Like Partnering With Newser In Your Inbox Get The Morning 8: The eight stories you need to know, bright and early. View all Newsletters and sign up Get Newser Apps iPhone iPad RSS Feed Android Contact Us Windows Phone Windows Tablet Newser Team About Us Help Terms of Use Sitemap Privacy Policy   © 2017 Newser, LLC. All rights reserved. Switch to Mobile Site
recommend.my - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Kuala Lumpur 33°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Eat/Drink Going way out to attract food, drink customers (VIDEO) Saturday May 27, 2017 11:03 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: Warsaw museum showcases remains of destroyed city Grief, rage in Egyptian church after Copts attacked Vida’s Qu Gebu AP Krim, six other cosmetics declared poisonous The Edit: ‘Iron Man’ has high hopes for jet suit Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article NEW YORK, May 27 — Just when you thought you'd gotten over Starbuck's sensation, the Unicorn Frappuccino, two more products are vying to quench your appetite for bizarre fare. This week, PepsiCo put Pepsi Fire on store shelves. The cola delivers a cinnamon kick. Think mild Fireball. Just weeks earlier, Wal-Mart unrolled the Crotilla — a buttery mashup of a croissant and tortilla. Unlike croissants, you can easily slice them to make sandwiches or eat them for dessert. Such so-called “stunt foods” combine strange ingredients or feature unusual tastes, and they're typically available for a limited time. Feeding the craze: Slow times for restaurants and consumer product makers. David Henkes of food research firm Technomic says: “I think it works in the short term, right? If you look at what Taco Bell or what Starbucks does, these are typically limited time offers. So there's a little bit of a scarcity built into it that appeals to consumers and drives them into a restaurant, drives them to buy that product, and then it disappears.” Screen grab from the Reuters video on 'stunt foods.'Henkes notes Taco Bell's 6 per cent sales growth last year outpaced its peers. Its food lab has dished up oddities like tacos using fried chicken as shells or even Doritos chips. On Thursday, the chain said it plan to grow global sales to US$15 billion (RM64.1 billion) in five years. Like many others, Wal-Mart hopes Millennials will think “eureka” when they try the Crotilla. Spokesperson Michelle Malashock says: “We do know that Millennials enjoy a good mashup every now and then. So from a marketing perspective, we definitely thought about putting these in our stores. We know we have a high concentration of Millennial shoppers. We do know from research and experience that Millennials love to experience food, and for them, food is an event.” Wal-Mart won't release any sales numbers. More than 800 stores bake the Crotilla daily, and Wal-Mart aims to roll it out to a few hundred more in the coming months. — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Going way out to attract food, drink customers (VIDEO) Gerai Lum Kee: Where delicious assam laksa, curry laksa and laksa Siam have stood the test of time D'Saji offers 12 Ramadan buffet venues Why the best restaurant in Asia is shutting down (VIDEO) As high-end restaurants go belly up, US chefs embrace bar hybrids Gerai Lum Kee: Where delicious assam laksa, curry laksa and laksa Siam have stood the test of time Head to Klang’s Kah Ping for comforting mee hoon kueh The story of Penang’s oldest (94 years and counting) ice kacang stall Top tips for picnic food safety Crazy about coffee in Copenhagen Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: One Direction's Styles tops Billboard with solo album Reuters Video: Clinton predicts impeachment for Trump Reuters Video: Britain's 'Iron Man' breaks his own jet-suit speed record Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live Tilda Swinton unveils strange ‘Okja’ promo clip Related Articles NYC coffee shop sues Starbucks over Unicorn beverage Starbucks’ Unicorn Frappuccino sparks backlash from baristas (VIDEO) ‘Unicorn food’ is colourful, sparkly and everywhere (VIDEO) Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | recommend.my - Local Services
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Repair Café serves up fixes for free Carter national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski dies Fire reported at Hazel Dell house La Center woman gets 9 months in fire Police: Teen struck by vehicle in parking lot altercation Flagpole in place at Fort Vancouver, ready for flag 2 killed, 1 injured in Portland stabbing; person in custody Man rescued after 25-foot fall near Cape Horn Could AG Ferguson become state’s next governor? Washington Attorney General Bob Ferguson was largely unknown outside his home state — and even within it — until he… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Updates all day with Saturday State Championship Live Chat High school scoreboard 5/27 Camas softball stays alive for 4A trophy 2A-1A softball: La Center returns to 1A state semifinals State tennis: Kabacy, Gianan, Union doubles reach 4A semifinals State track: Skyview’s Connor Jensen captures 4A discus title State track: Merriweather run fastest 200 prelim times, Jai’lyn breaks 400 meet record Skyview baseball left wondering ‘what if’ after 5-4 semifinal loss   King’s Way Christian beats Cashmere to play for state baseball title   Bonneville Dam fish count 5/26 Skyview baseball left wondering ‘what if’ after 5-4 semifinal loss Skyview lost 5-4 in Friday’s Class 4A state semifinals to Puyallup. But Storm players held their heads high after overcoming… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories Seattle startup founder sought a business partner, got a women’s alliance instead Off-lease used cars flood market, sinking prices SolarWorld plans at least 500 layoffs U.S. growth in Q1 upgraded to still-slow 1.2% CEO pay by the numbers: How big were 2016’s raises? Airlines have rules about taking photos, video on planes Trump seeks to end program for older jobless Kessid Church to tear down teen center, add parking Hearing set for proposed Best Western Hearings examiner OKs Terminal 1 at Port of Vancouver Off-lease used cars flood market, sinking prices DETROIT — In 2014, Infiniti leased more than 28,000 Q50 luxury sedans for as little as $329 per month in… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Man goes wild setting Plinko record on ‘Price is Right’ Food & Drink: Get outdoors in Washougal, then in to Our Bar The Rock can’t keep ‘Baywatch’ from floundering Get set for summer by marking your calendar now Sick dog to reunite with family after 2 years Service dogs not just for the blind Parents weigh in on concert fears after Manchester attack Market Fresh Finds: Give beets another chance for sweet surprise RailSide Brewing brings on the flavor Quaid to play Bush in ‘Katrina’ Get set for summer by marking your calendar now This is not a warning, but some friendly advice: Start planning your summer, Clark County. Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Press Talk Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Confronting Confederacy Cepeda: Changing racial perceptions leading to fluid identity Letter: Hold journalists accountable Letter: Save the planet, cut down on meat Letter: Trump’s failures are numerous Letter: President’s rhetoric close to home Letter: Trump is not reliable In Our View: Embrace Canada Parker: A toast to America’s first ladies, their feminine power Letter: Less cynicism, more knowledge Editorial Cartoons, May 21-27 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Everybody has a story: Volunteering at Elephant Nature Park in Thailand brings joy, peace Milestone 100th Birthday Long sprint to add sidewalks on Northeast 68th Street You Can Help Applause Spotlight on Youth Ridgefield names monthly employee, student honors In the Service Herrera Beutler names winners for art show Vancouver dancers to perform in Portland Ballet spring concert Everybody has a story: Volunteering at Elephant Nature Park in Thailand brings joy, peace As Angelica Valencia and I walked into the Elephant Nature Park in Chiang Mai, Thailand, to volunteer, I could not… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Garage Sales Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Clark Asks Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Amazon opens grocery pickup to rival Wal-Mart By Bloomberg Published: May 26, 2017, 7:20 PM A   A SEATTLE — Amazon.com opened two grocery pickup kiosks in Seattle, part of its latest effort to enter the $800 billion grocery market and compete with “click and collect” shopping options from big box competitors like Wal-Mart Stores. The “AmazonFresh Pickup” spots let shoppers buy groceries online and pick them up in as little as 15 minutes rather than having them delivered to their homes. The service is open to Amazon Prime members who pay $99 a year for delivery discounts and video and music streaming. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
About US Contact US Registration Saturday May 27th, 2017 Languages English French Language German Language Italian Language Portuguese Language Spanish Language Latest Intel MIL Analysis-Reportage WINDPOWER 2017 closes with an eye on 2020 By Foreign Affairs Publisher  /  May 27, 2017  /  Comments Off on WINDPOWER 2017 closes with an eye on 2020       Print       Email MIL OSI Oil Gas Energy – Source: American Wind Energy Association – Press Release/Statement: Headline: WINDPOWER 2017 closes with an eye on 2020 Diverse wind energy customers discuss what comes after PTC phase out May 26, 2017 ANAHEIM, Calif. — American wind power’s future growth will be driven by a diverse range of customers and trends. Leaders representing a corporate purchaser, deregulated utility, a public utility commissioner, and a wind developer, discussed a few of those trends – demand from diverse customers, transmission expansion, falling costs, and storytelling – on the closing General Session panel as the WINDPOWER 2017 Conference wrapped up this week in Anaheim. There are many customers for wind energy, including utilities, Fortune 500 brands, cities, and universities. Demand is strong because low, stable prices for wind help these companies and organizations improve their bottom line while also helping them reach sustainability targets. “If you look at our panel, you have a developer, a utility, a regulator, and a corporate purchaser,” said Rob Threlkeld, Global Manager, Renewable Energy, for General Motors. “There’s your message. We’re at the point where wind and solar have become mainstream technology.” General Motors has signed several long term contracts for wind energy, including to supply an assembly plant in Arlington, Texas, that makes 1,000 SUVs a day. The company has also committed to RE100, to source all of their global electric power from renewable sources by 2050. GM isn’t alone, other Fortune 500 brands including Amazon, Microsoft, and Walmart have all purchased wind energy. Threlkeld added, “Look at GM’s supply chain. How many thousands of suppliers we have that are interested in renewable energy as well.” “By continuing to get cost competitive, continuing to improve the wind energy product – it’s already great – you’ll capture a lot of potential customers out there, not only public utilities and corporate purchasers, but municipal utilities, rural co-ops, and other entities,” said Buzz Miller, President and CEO, Southern Power, a deregulated utility and power producer. Miller added, “Whether it’s electric vehicles or renewables, what customers want will ultimately drive it.” Expanding and upgrading our nation’s vital electric transmission infrastructure can help connect world-class U.S. wind resources to load centers like cities and factories. That will help save consumers money and boost the reliability and resiliency of the U.S. electricity supply. “Wind can stay attractive. You fix some of the transmission issues around, keep vibrant, and we can get through that [the PTC phase out],” said Miller. Wind power has grown rapidly over the last few years. Rapidly changing technology and falling costs have resulted in wind supplying over 5 percent of U.S. electricity, and more than 20 percent of electricity in five states. Wind power also supports over 100,000 American jobs. Telling the story – how wind works for America – is more important than ever. “We have massive room to grow in telling the story of wind power,” said Miller. “One of the greatest infrastructure successes is tied to the wind energy PTC, thousands of megawatts, billions of dollars of investment, and the jobs that go with it.” AWEA CEO Tom Kiernan in his remarks and columns this week in trade media described 16 trends that will continue to buoy the industry beyond 2020, once the wind energy Production Tax Credit (PTC) completes its current phase out. They include the falling cost of wind energy, expanding state policies like California’s, and upgrades to the nation’s power grid and transmission infrastructure. WINDPOWER 2018 heads to Chicago As thousands of attendees head home from Anaheim, show organizers reflected on success this year while looking ahead to WINDPOWER 2018, May 7-10 in Chicago. “WINDPOWER in Anaheim brought more action than ever to the show floor,” said Jana Adams, AWEA Senior Vice President of Membership Value and Experience. “From the design of our exhibit space, to the broadcasting of our general sessions, and spotlight on new exhibitors, we’re maximizing opportunities to make connections and ink new deals.” Attendee Neal Gyngard agreed, “The biggest thing out of this, is to finally get to meet some of these people I’ve emailed with for years. You’re chatting with someone at WINDPOWER and you realize they helped you get a torque wrench three years ago. And the reception at Angel Stadium, that was an awesome way to kick it off, so much fun.” Gyngard organizes a network of wind turbine technicians, the “Tower Climbing Grease Monkeys”. Adams added, “We’ve already sold over 90 percent of the exhibit space for next year’s conference. We think you’ll be blown away when WINDPOWER 2018 arrives in the Windy City.” A media kit for the conference is available here: www.awea.org/WINDPOWER2017MediaKit      ### AWEA is the national trade association of the U.S. wind energy industry. We represent 1,000 member companies and over 100,000 jobs in the U.S. economy, serving as a powerful voice for how wind works for America. Members include global leaders in wind power and energy development, turbine manufacturing, and component and service suppliers. They gather each year at the Western Hemisphere’s largest wind power trade show, the AWEA WINDPOWER Conference & Exhibition, next in Anaheim, California, May 22-26, 2017. Find information about wind energy on the AWEA website. Gain insight into industry issues on AWEA’s blog, Into the Wind. And please join us on Facebook, and follow @AWEA on Twitter.         Print       Email Published: 1 min ago on May 27, 2017 By: Foreign Affairs Publisher Last Modified: May 27, 2017 @ 12:19 pm Filed Under: American Wind Energy Association, Business, Commodities, Economy, Energy, English, Exploitation, Exploration, Gas, Global Economy, Industry, Investment, MIL Oil-Energy Sector OSI, MIL OSI, MIL OSI Economics, Mining Sector, Oil, Oil Rigs, Open Source Intel, Wind Energy NEXT ARTICLE → Fatal Motor Vehicle Accident Meander About the author Foreign Affairs Publisher View all articles by Foreign Affairs Publisher » Recent Posts WINDPOWER 2017 closes with an eye on 2020 Fatal Motor Vehicle Accident Meander Taiwan suspect arrested on mainland Ultrafast missile interceptor developed CPC meeting reviews documents on inspection work © 2017 ForeignAffairs.co.nz. Site customised by Multimedia Investments Ltd
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Business & Tech SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Dr. Amy Reed, whose own medical battle changed physicians’ practices, dies at 44 US death rate from Alzheimer’s rises dramatically over 15 years Russian ambassador told Moscow that Kushner wanted secret communications channel with Kremlin A (mostly) presidential Donald Trump on display while abroad Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Coal country’s power plants are turning away from coal E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share Luke Sharrett/New York Times/File 2014 Some of the power industry’s biggest customers have made a commitment to clean energy. And to help the companies meet it, utilities are changing their ways. By Diane Cardwell and Clifford Krauss New York Times  May 27, 2017 NEW YORK — Coal is on the defensive in the nation’s power industry. Even in coal country. The pressure to shift more of the country’s electric supply to renewable sources is not just a rallying cry for environmentalists. Some of the power industry’s biggest customers, such as General Motors and Microsoft, have made a commitment to clean energy. And to help them meet it — and keep them from taking their business elsewhere — utilities are changing their ways. Advertisement West Virginia, where coal is king, is no exception. Appalachian Power, the leading utility there, is quickly shifting toward natural gas and renewable sources such as wind and solar, even as President Trump calls for a coal renaissance. Appalachian Power still burns plenty of coal, but in recent years it has closed three coal-fired plants and converted two others to gas, reducing its dependence on coal to 61 percent last year, down from 74 percent in 2012. Get Talking Points in your inbox: An afternoon recap of the day’s most important business news, delivered weekdays. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here Chris Beam, the company’s president, made the industry’s shifting dynamics clear in an encounter with Governor Jim Justice, a Democrat, at his inaugural ball in January. “’Look, I’d like to see you guys build another coal plant,’” he recalled the governor saying. “And our answer was: We’re not going to build another coal plant.” (The governor confirmed the account, but added in an e-mail, “I’ll continue to encourage power companies to burn more coal to put our miners back to work.”) It’s the same story in Virginia, where Dominion, a leading utility based in Richmond — near where commercial coal mining got its start — designed a special rate to make it easier for Amazon Web Services and similar customers to buy renewable energy. Advertisement In Kentucky, a chance meeting between a state regulator and a Facebook employee ultimately led the Public Service Commission to advise utilities that they could offer customers renewable energy packages, part of an effort to attract new business and hold on to automakers such as GM and Toyota. And in Wyoming, the nation’s leading coal producer by far, Black Hills Energy worked with Microsoft to create a complex arrangement for the technology giant to get enough wind energy to fulfill current and future needs at Microsoft’s data center in Cheyenne. “I’ve not spoken to a single utility that’s truly holding on to a future of more coal,” said Brian Janous, who directs energy strategy at Microsoft. “They’re looking to attract, as in the Appalachian case, new customers, and those customers aren’t attracted by coal.” Almost half the Fortune 500 companies have adopted at least one climate or clean-energy goal, with 23 of them pledging eventually to run their businesses on 100 percent renewable energy, including Walmart, Bank of America, and Google, according to a recent report by the World Wildlife Fund and other environmentally minded organizations and investors. Though corporations are buying renewable energy across the country, energy executives and analysts say it is notable that the trend is taking hold in states where coal production is part of the economic heart and soul. Coal executives say they are watching the effect of the renewable-power demands on the coal industry, but it is a matter of rising unease. “We’re concerned about it,” said Harry Childress, president of the Virginia Coal and Energy Alliance. “We see the pressure from these companies is pushing power producers more away from coal, which is a cheaper power.” Appalachian Power’s switch from coal was in part pushed as a result of a summit meeting that its parent company, American Electric Power, held at its headquarters last fall with corporate giants including Walmart, Facebook, Hilton, Procter & Gamble, and Marathon Petroleum. Those companies stressed that if they were going to expand their businesses in AEP regions, they would need access to low-carbon energy. American Electric Power organized a second meeting in Washington in May that included Amazon, Caesars Entertainment, DuPont, Marriott International, and Starbucks. With the goal of attracting big business to coal country, Beam is in the market to buy, lease, or build a fleet of wind and solar power farms across West Virginia and Virginia. The goal is to increase Appalachian Power’s renewable-energy fleet to 34 percent of its power capacity by 2031 from 17 percent today. An announcement for a new wind farm in southern West Virginia is expected within weeks, as discussions with big companies — which American Electric Power executives refused to identify — continue. “Specific customers are looking specifically for renewables and to what degree you are moving toward a new clean energy economy,” said Nicholas K. Akins, AEP’s chief executive. “Shareholders are more interested in sustainability going forward and improvements from a climate change perspective and carbon emissions perspective.” Akins said American Electric Power, which serves more than 5 million customers in 11 states, intended to respond to the demands of customers whatever policies were dictated in Washington. He added, “We are trying to make our company long-term sustainable regardless of administration.” Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
Stay Connected: Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop People Donald Trump Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Trump-O-Meter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise JOIN Deals struck on his first foreign trip as president made and saved "millions of jobs." — Donald Trump on Friday, May 26th, 2017 in a tweet Did Donald Trump's trip create or save 'millions' of jobs? By Louis Jacobson on Friday, May 26th, 2017 at 4:17 p.m. How valuable were the business deals struck by Donald Trump when he was in Saudi Arabia? Unclear. U.S. President Donald Trump talks with Saudi King Salman after a welcome ceremony at the Royal Terminal of King Khalid International Airport, May 20, 2017, in Riyadh. (AP) In a tweet from his first foreign trip as president, President Donald Trump touted his accomplishments on one of the cornerstones of his presidential campaign -- jobs. Trump traveled to Saudi Arabia, Israel, Brussels and Rome on a mix of business and diplomatic tasks from May 20 to May 27. "Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs," Trump tweeted. Just arrived in Italy for the G7. Trip has been very successful. We made and saved the USA many billions of dollars and millions of jobs.— Donald J. Trump (@realDonaldTrump) May 26, 2017 Millions of jobs? That would be a massive shot in the arm for the economy. For a sense of scale, Wal-Mart, the nation’s largest private employer, has 2.3 million employees; the second-largest, Yum Brands, which includes Taco Bell, Pizza Hut and KFC, has about 500,000. The problem is, the White House has been cagey about exactly where this projection comes from. For starters, Trump’s use of the word "millions" represents a thousand-fold expansion from what Trump had said just days earlier, when he told the audience in a speech in Saudi Arabia: "Yesterday, we signed historic agreements with the Kingdom that will invest almost $400 billion in our two countries and create many thousands of jobs in America and Saudi Arabia." Meanwhile, over two days of inquiries to the White House, officials were unable to provide us with full details of the $110 billion arms deal with Saudi Arabia, which itself is just a portion of the $400 billion investment package Trump cited in his speech. When the Washington Post Fact Checker asked the White House for details about Trump’s tweet, a White House official responded that Trump was referring to "benefits to trade from the entire trip from Saudi Arabia to the G7" -- that is, including Trump’s meetings with the heads of other advanced industrialized nations in Europe toward the end of the trip. (It’s not clear what trade deals were discussed in the European portion of the trip.) In any case, assuming "millions" of jobs from unspecified investments is not justified, economists say. "There’s not enough information to substantiate his claims on millions of jobs," said Chris Lafakis, senior economist at Moody’s. In the meantime, here’s what we know and don’t know. The arms deal The Defense Security Cooperation Agency issued a news release on May 20 saying that the United States and Saudi Arabia agreed to a $110 billion package on five main areas: border security and counterterrorism, maritime and coastal security, air force modernization, air and missile defense, and cybersecurity and communications upgrades. The release detailed six specific areas, with links to documents that offered a dollar amount. They were: • Munitions and support: $6.8 billion; • Multi-Mission Surface Combatant ships: $11.25 billion; • Ammunition for the Royal Saudi Land Forces: $500 million; • Saudi Abrams Main Battle Tanks and HERCULES Armored Recovery Vehicles: $1.15 billion; • Chinook cargo helicopters: $3.51 billion; • Persistent Threat Detection System Aerostats: $525 million. That totals $23.74 billion, leaving $86 billion from the package unspecified. Using other available data, John Pike, the director of globalsecurity.org, told PolitiFact that he can estimate perhaps $50 billion in arms sales, "most of which was initiated under Obama," he said. Bloomberg calculations Reporters at Bloomberg have written several articles about the deals signed in the Saudi portion of the trip, focusing on agreements outside the $110 billion arms deal. They include: • Agreements signed by Saudi oil company Aramco: $50 billion; • Commitments by Saudi Arabia’s Public Investment Fund to an infrastructure investment fund with the Blackstone Group. (Blackstone, Bloomberg reported separately, has close ties to the family of Trump’s son-in-law, Jared Kushner.) $20 billion; • General Electric memorandum of understanding with Saudi Arabia: $15 billion; • Honeywell International memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco: $3.6 billion; • McDermott International memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco: $2.8 billion; • Jacobs Engineering Group memorandum of understanding: $250 million; • Rowan Companies memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for offshore drilling rigs: $7 billion; • Rowan memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for its supply chain: $1.2 billion; • Nabors Industries memorandum of understanding on well and rig services on an existing joint venture worth $9 billion; • Nabors memorandum of understanding with Saudi Aramco for its supply chain: $1.6 billion; • Weatherford International memorandum of understanding: potential value of $2 billion. That works out to about $112 billion, coming on top of the $110 billion in arms sales. Bloomberg cited a few more items without specific dollar amounts, including a jet purchase from Boeing by SaudiGulf Airlines, and a joint venture between National Oilwell Varco and Saudi Aramco for the manufacture of drilling rigs and equipment. That leaves more than half of Trump’s $400 billion figure -- just for the Saudi leg of the trip -- undisclosed, to say nothing of what deals may have been struck in the European portion of the trip. And for now, the Washington Post reported that several key CEOs of companies that signed deals have been a lot more restrained than Trump about promising specific numbers of jobs. "There is absolutely zero chance that the trip created millions of jobs," said Dean Baker, a liberal economist. Even if jobs were created -- possibly in the thousands, not the millions -- "this may or may not lead to any net job creation, since the Fed could easily offset it with higher interest rates." Our ruling Trump said that deals struck on his first foreign trip as president created and saved "millions of jobs." We can’t know for sure how many jobs will be created or saved -- nor, despite the certainty of his language, does Trump -- but the evidence at this point is so thin and so premature as to be little more than puffery or wishful thinking. We rate the statement False. Share the Facts 2017-05-26 21:10:38 UTC PolitiFact 5 1 7 PolitiFact Rating: False Says deals struck on his first foreign trip as president made and saved "millions of jobs." Donald Trump President a tweet Friday, May 26, 2017 2017-05-26 Read More info Advertisement About this statement: Published: Friday, May 26th, 2017 at 4:17 p.m. Researched by: Louis Jacobson Edited by: Aaron Sharockman Subjects: Economy, Foreign Policy, Jobs Sources: Donald Trump, tweet, May 26, 2017 Donald Trump, "President Trump’s Speech to the Arab Islamic American Summit," May 21, 2017 Defense Security Cooperation Agency, "Fact Sheet: Intended Sales to Saudi Arabia via Foreign Military Sales," May 20, 2017 Bloomberg, "Guide to $400 Billion in Saudi-U.S. Deals: Black Hawks to Oil," May 22, 2017 Bloomberg, "Kushners' Blackstone Connection Put on Display in Saudi Arabia," May 25, 2017 Bloomberg, "Blackstone Unveils $100 Billion Ambition for Infrastructure," May 20, 2017 Washington Post Fact Checker, "President Trump’s claim that he’s already saved ‘millions of jobs’ on his foreign trip," May 26, 2017 Washington Post, "Trump says his Saudi deal will create jobs. The companies involved aren’t so sure," May 24, 2017 Washington Examiner, "Trump's weapons deal with Saudi Arabia includes $24 billion in goods approved by Obama," May 22, 2017 Al.com, "30 largest employers in the U.S.," Feb. 7, 2017 Email interview with Lawrence White, professor at New York University’s Stern School of Business, May 26, 2017 Email interview with Chris Lafakis, senior economist at Moody’s, May 26, 2017 Email interview with Dean Baker, co-director of the Center for Economic Policy and Research, May 25, 2017 Email interview with John Pike, director of globalsecurity.org, May 22, 2017 How to contact us Email comments and suggestions for fact-checks to truthometer@politifact.com or find us on Facebook,and Twitter. (If you send us a comment, we'll assume you don't mind us publishing it unless you tell us otherwise.) Videos Browse The Truth-O-MeterTM Donald Trump fact-checks Pants-On-Fire rulings By our rulings By subject By person View recent articles Support independent fact-checking In a world of wild talk and fake news, help us stand up for the facts. Advertisement Subscribe Keep up to date with PolitiFact Put a free PolitiFact widget on your blog or Web page Subscribe to our RSS feeds on Truth-O-Meter items Subscribe to our RSS feed of fact-checks of Donald Trump Follow us on Twitter Fan us on Facebook Advertise on PolitiFact Back to top Offices District of Columbia 1100 Connecticut Ave. NW Suite 440 Washington, DC 20036 202-463-0571 Florida 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Rhode Island Pennsylvania Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding State Editions Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Iowa Illinois Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Special Editions National Global News Project PunditFact Policy Privacy Terms & Conditions Copyright Advertise With Us Media Kit Market info Rates & Specs About Us As Seen On Staff Process Funding Stay Connected Fact-Check Suggestions © 2017 • All Rights Reserved • Tampa Bay Times Editions National Global News PunditFact States Arizona California Colorado Florida Georgia Illinois Iowa Missouri Nevada New Hampshire New York North Carolina Ohio Pennsylvania Rhode Island Texas Virginia Wisconsin Truth-O-MeterTM All By subject True Mostly True Half True Mostly False False Pants on Fire! No Flip Half Flip Full Flop People Donald Trump Mike Pence Barack Obama Chain E-mails Other people and groups Promises Trump-O-Meter All Top 25 Promises By subject Not yet rated In the Works Stalled Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Obameter All Top 25 Promises By subject Promise Kept Compromise Promise Broken Pants On Fire About Us Our Process Our Staff Who Pays for Politifact Suggest a Fact Check Advertise JOIN
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 15 – 21: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 15, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 115, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to tunnel maintenance at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate southbound left lane closures from 7 p.m. until 6 a.m. nightly Sunday through Thursday nights.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to the following maintenance activities: Slope repairs and bridge deck sweeping at various locations in Wythe and Bland counties Mowing between the Wythe County line and the I-77/I-81 overlap in Wythe County.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 665 (Power Plant Road): Due to replacement of multiple drainage pipes along Route 665 (Power Plant Road) in Russell County, a portion of the route will be closed Monday, May 15 from 7 a.m. until 6 p.m. between Route 614 (Carterton Road) and Route 628 (Heralds Valley Road).   ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 654 – slide repairs: A section of Route 654 (Banner Mountain Road) in Wise County will be closed through May 19 due to slide repairs. Motorists should pay close attention to signs and message boards about the repairs. (Completion: May 19, 2017)   Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)   Completed Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: The installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon has been completed.  The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County has been completed.   Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation across Route 460 in Bluefield has been completed.    (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NEW TRAFFIC PATTERN ON ROUTE 3 MAY 10 – Westbound lanes will open to two-lane traffic from Lignum to Clay Hill Road Next PostNext Attorney Christy Jack to Receive Daniel H. Benson Public Service Award Search Recent Posts May 26, 2017 – City Seeks Proposals for the 2017 Celebration of Immigrant Heritage Week Secretary Pablos Participates In 2017 Invest In America! Summit SNAP LOSS NOTICE: Rosen Law Firm Reminds Snap Inc. Investors of Important Deadline in Class Action – SNAP SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of Ocwen Financial Corporation of a Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of June 20, 2017 – OCN INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. of Commencement of a Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of July 11, 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 8-14: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 8, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 8, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to tunnel maintenance at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate southbound right lane closures from 7 p.m. until 6 a.m. nightly Sunday through Thursday nights.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to the following maintenance activities: Slope repairs and bridge deck sweeping at various locations in Wythe and Bland counties Mowing between the Wythe County line and the I-77/I-81 overlap in Wythe County.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Routes 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon the week of May 8, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Due to replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County, the bridge will be closed to through traffic through early May. Motorists should plan alternate routes while replacement is underway. (Completion: early May 2017) Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   ***Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County ***Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation will cause delays on Route 460 in Bluefield Sunday, May 7 between 7 a.m. and 11 a.m. Motorists should be alert to Virginia State Police performing rolling road blocks during the aerial install of the fiber optic lines.   Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Wise County Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Completed Water line projects: Water line installation work on various routes that connect to Route 63 in Dickenson County have been completed.   Business Route 23 bridge in Pound: Replacement of the Business Route 23 bridge in Pound has been completed.   Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge: Repairs to the Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge in Grayson County have been completed.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: The installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 58 and 677 (Watauga Road) and the intersection of Routes 11 and 58 in Abingdon have been completed. Pay close attention at these intersections as motorists become familiar with the new flashing yellow arrow signals.    Azure Lane improvements: Improvements to a one-mile section of Route 676 (Azure Lane) in Washington County have been completed; however, be alert to clean-up work along the roadway the week of May 8.   Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) – bridge replacement: Replacement of the Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) bridge in Lee County has been completed.       (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NEW TRAFFIC PATTERN ON ROUTE 3 MAY 10 – Westbound lanes will open to two-lane traffic from Lignum to Clay Hill Road Next PostNext Attorney Christy Jack to Receive Daniel H. Benson Public Service Award Search Recent Posts May 26, 2017 – City Seeks Proposals for the 2017 Celebration of Immigrant Heritage Week Secretary Pablos Participates In 2017 Invest In America! Summit SNAP LOSS NOTICE: Rosen Law Firm Reminds Snap Inc. Investors of Important Deadline in Class Action – SNAP SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of Ocwen Financial Corporation of a Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of June 20, 2017 – OCN INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. of Commencement of a Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of July 11, 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Miss Black Texas 2016 says she as wrongfully arrested - KTRE.com | Lufkin and Nacogdoches, Texas Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME East Texas Kitchen See It, Snap It, Send It Only on KTRE 9 News Text and email alerts KTRE 9 To Go mobile app FirstAlert KTRE 9 Weather mobile app Video Our Thoughts on the Matter Arcade BFF: Best Furry Friends News Investigates Texas Headlines National International Only on KTRE 9 News Terrorism around the world SeeClickFix The Loop Weather Live Streaming Radar KTRE First Alert ThunderCall KTRE Weather Tools TxDOT Current Road Conditions Current Texas Burn Bans Sunrise and Sunset Times Texas Road Conditions Texas Lake Levels Moon Phase Calendar Sports West squads sweep Azalea Orthopedic All-Star games Press Release: Cowboys officially release Tony Romo Saturday Results: Three East Texas teams advance to state Cowboys 2017 schedule released Zach Conque Signs Free Agent Contract with Houston Texans Area Round Results - ETX softball teams advancing in playoffs Bi-District Results - ETX baseball teams advancing in playoffs Collegiate Commissioners Association greenlights early signing period for football SFA baseball will open up Southland Conference Tournament against SHU Red Zone Faces Red Zone Scores and Schedules Red Zone Access Video Investigates Texas on pace to set record for investigations into relationships between students and teachers Document dates ex-Zavalla coach's behavior to 2010 Woden ISD incident Documents: State began investigating ex Zavalla coach in July Win Stuff Catch of the Week Brad Said It Would Umbrella Giveaway In The Kitchen Apron Giveaway Coffee Mug Giveaway Good Morning East Texas Birthday Club TV Community Noticias ETX About Us East Texas News Team Contact KTRE Advertise on KTRE Digital Sales KTRE Jobs TV Ratings Guide Closed captioning EEO Summary Reports Miss Black Texas 2016 says she as wrongfully arrested 2017-05-26T01:44:51Z2017-05-26T01:44:51Z COMMERCE, Texas (AP) - An East Texas police chief is on leave pending investigation after he was accused of wrongfully arresting Miss Black Texas 2016. Carmen Ponder tells KXAS-TV that Commerce Police Chief Kerry Crews had her arrested Saturday after a confrontation that led to him directing a racial and sexist slur at her. Ponder said she passed a truck and pulled into a Wal-Mart parking lot. The truck pulled up beside hers and the passenger, who she believes to have been Crews, said he was teaching his 14-year-old daughter to drive. He berated Ponder for passing him, then called her a "black b----" when she told him it was illegal. Her attorney, Lee Merritt, said she entered the store and when she emerged, several officers in plain clothes confronted her and demanded that she apologize to the chief. When she refused, she was arrested for evading arrest, handcuffed and jailed for 24 hours. Crews declined to comment on the advice of his attorney. Information from: KXAS-TV, http://www.nbcdfw.com Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Can't Find Something? 358 TV Road Pollok, TX 75969 (936) 853-5873 FCC Public File publicfile@ktre.com (936) 853-5873 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Things to Read Mayoral Election 2017 Spring Art and Performance Resist Trump Green Guide Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Home Person of Interest Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film/TV Art Theater Books Things to Do SIFF Red May Resistance & Solidarity Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Log in Sign up Menu Close Things To Read Mayoral Election 2017 Spring Art and Performance Resist Trump Green Guide Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Home Person of Interest Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film/TV Art Theater Books Print Archives Things To Do SIFF Red May Resistance & Solidarity Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Other Things Stranger Tickets Stranger Perks Account Log in Sign up Slog • Ana Sofia Knauf Anti-Trans Activists Are Allegedly Harassing People Who Decline to Sign Their Petitions. What Are Your Rights to Counter Them? by Ana Sofia Knauf • May 26, 2017 at 3:45 pm Tweet Seth Kirby, chair of trans advocacy group Washington Won't Discriminate, addresses a crowd at a rally in February. Washington Won't Discriminate In February, anti-trans activist group Just Want Privacy revamped their efforts to police transgender people's genitals in bathrooms by launching I-1552, a new bigoted bill that would bar trans students in public schools from using restrooms that correspond to their gender identities. The initiative also scraps state protections for trans people by allowing businesses and state agencies to keep trans people out of gender-segregated bathrooms. Just Want Privacy failed to repeal Washington State human rights protections for trans people in 2016. Campaign volunteers are now out gathering signatures to get the initiative on the November ballot. Sakara Remmu and her 15-year-old son encountered one of these anti-trans petitioners outside of a Renton Walmart while waiting for an Uber ride on May 20. After confirming Remmu was a registered voter, the man presented her with two petition clipboards: one to "keep the boys in the boys bathroom and girls in girls bathroom," and another to ban King County from opening safe-injection sites. Remmu declined to sign either of the petitions. "He was so visibly appalled and disgusted when I said I wasn’t going to sign the bathroom bill," she recalled. The man walked away and began mocking Remmu "in a menacing way," she said. But then the man returned. "'Excuse me young lady,'" Remmu remembered him saying. "That was a red flag." And then he grabbed her by the elbow, she alleged. Remmu, who is familiar with signature-gathering and campaigning, said she told him not to touch her and that he was breaking the law. And she's not exaggerating. If a petitioner physically touches someone, "technically it is an assault" and one would "have the right to ask law enforcement to tell them to stop," stated a recent guide (PDF) from the American Civil Liberties Union. However, police officers are unlikely to press charges for "minor touching," it cautioned. But not everyone feels comfortable calling the police in these situations. Remmu, who is Black, said she didn't call local police because she was concerned her interaction with the anti-trans signature-gatherer could be taken out of context. "Sometimes Black people call [the police] as victims and then they assume the Black people are [the perpetrators]," she said. "I was totally shaken by that. Especially because the climate of people having the audacity to violate other people in public based on their race, that they’re Muslim, that they’re female." Although she didn't file a police report, Remmu posted about her interaction with the petitioner on Facebook to make sure her friends knew their rights in these situations. Sakara Remmu, right, said the anti-trans signature-gatherer, seen above in a black shirt and jeans, grabbed her by the elbow when she declined to sign his petition. Courtesy of Sakara Remmu Signature-gathering is a free speech right protected under the First Amendment. But the rights of petitioners and their detractors have limits, according to the ACLU. What laws control what I can do in opposing signature gatherers? Basically, all the laws that would control your getting into an argument with someone about which football team is best also apply – no disturbing the peace, no unconsented touching, etc. With petitions, however, there is one specific law, RCW 29A.84.250(4), which makes it a gross misdemeanor if a person “Interferes with or attempts to interfere with the right of any voter to sign or not to sign an initiative or referendum petition or with the right to vote for or against an initiative or referendum measure by threats, intimidation, or any other corrupt means or practice”. "Initiatives are part of the democratic process in Washington," said Doug Honig, the ACLU of Washington's communications director. "People have a right to gather signatures for initiatives that go all across political spectrum... It's important that rights be respected, but at same time, people who want to encourage [others] to not sign a particular initiative, they have the right express that view." The guide also has some suggestions for staying out of trouble. The thing most likely to get you in trouble is getting into a noisy (or even physical) altercation with the petition gatherer. As both a legal and a tactical strategy, keep your cool. If the petition gatherer starts getting noisy, stay calm yourself. Ignore them if necessary, and concentrate on connecting with the public. The public respects people who keep their cool. This isn't the first time someone gathering signatures for Just Want Privacy has harassed someone opposed to their bigoted bill. Earlier this month, trans rights advocate Maddie Crisman claimed a man gathering signatures outside a Fred Meyer in Ellensburg became incensed when she began talking to passersby. When Crisman asked the man, identified as Larry Bradshaw in a police report, to stop yelling at her, he allegedly "'swore, threw his clipboard down on the ground, flicked a cigarette at me and threw his pen at me and hit me in the head,'” she told The Daily Record. Representatives from the Just Want Privacy campaign did not immediately respond to requests for comment. 16 You might also be interested in these: Sponsored: The Top Six Pride Parades in the World RuPaul's Drag Race Recap: "Crew Better Work" Reminds Us Drag Queens Can Be Boring, Too! by Chase Burns SIFF Review: Sam Elliot Is Wonderful in Bittersweet Drama, The Hero by Gillian Anderson Most Popular in Savage Love Letter of the Day: Morally Jerking Off to Non-consensual Erotica by Dan Savage Man Who Once Ran One of the World's Largest Corporations: People Who Demand Living Wages Are Fascist by Charles Mudede Inquest Jury: Officers Feared for Lives, Didn't Show Concern for Welfare, Before Fatally Shooting Renee Davis by Sydney Brownstone Anti-Trans Activists Are Allegedly Harassing People Who Decline to Sign Their Petitions. What Are Your Rights to Counter Them? by Ana Sofia Knauf The Commune: A Movie for Seattle's Housing Crisis? by Kathy Fennessy SIFF Review: Sam Elliot Is Wonderful in Bittersweet Drama, The Hero by Gillian Anderson Guest Editorial: We Need to Get Real About Affordable Housing by Teresa Mosqueda Newsletters Sign up for the latest news and to win free tickets to events Stranger Tickets Buy tickets to events around Seattle Stranger Things To Do Comprehensive calendar of Seattle events Stranger Things To Do App The easiest way to find Seattle's best events This Week's Issue Print Archives Publication Info Masthead Ad Info & Rates Distribution Jobs at The Stranger Contact Check it out Follow Us RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Saturday, May 27, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Kushner Said to Have Talked of Opening Secret Link to Moscow By MAGGIE HABERMAN, MARK MAZZETTI and MATT APUZZO 10:57 PM ET Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law, and the Russian ambassador’s talks focused on setting up a back-door channel during the transition, according to three people with knowledge of the matter. The talks occurred during a December meeting between Mr. Kushner, Michael T. Flynn and Ambassador Sergey I. Kislyak. Kushner: Pillar of Family-Driven West Wing (April 15) Russian Once Tied to Paul Manafort Seeks Immunity to Testify White House Agrees to Disclose Activity of Former Lobbyists By ERIC LIPTON After a standoff, the White House has agreed to release copies of the ethics waivers that allow administration officials to work in areas where they once lobbied.  Comments Trump Is All Elbows in a Europe That Is Eager to Jab Back By MARK LANDLER and MICHAEL D. SHEAR 9:15 PM ET The president played the statesman in the Middle East, but has switched to a familiar role, disrupter, as he joins the Group of 7 meeting, getting headlines like “Boor in Chief.” World Leaders Press Skeptical Trump to Stay in Climate Pact Defeat in Montana Shows Deepening Rift for Democrats By JONATHAN MARTIN and ALEXANDER BURNS Tension has risen between party leaders who want to pick their shots in battling for control of Congress, and grass-roots activists loath to concede anything to Republicans. G.O.P. Senators Face Deep Divisions Over Health Care Bill By JENNIFER STEINHAUER and ROBERT PEAR Senator Mitch McConnell, the majority leader, has a narrow path to getting a health care bill through the Senate.  Comments Fact Check: The Updated G.O.P. Health Care Bill More in Politics U.S. Quietly Lifts Limit on Number of Refugees Allowed In F.B.I. Investigates Attempt to Hack the Trump Organization The Daily 360 1:01 Jersey Shore’s New Roller Coaster Mark Makela for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Zbigniew Brzezinski | 1928-2017 A Foreign Policy Hawk Who Guided Carter By DANIEL LEWIS 10:23 PM ET Zbigniew Brzezinski, who was the national security adviser to President Jimmy Carter during the Iran hostage crisis and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, is dead at 89. Your Evening Briefing By CHARLES McDERMID and LISA IABONI Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ How John Shields planned his perfect death, and what Canada has learned by allowing 1,300 terminally ill people to do the same. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living Grilling This Weekend? Here’s Our Guide NYT Cooking Here’s our guide to the fundamentals and a handful of techniques to master. The Summer TV Lineup: 13 Series to Watch By MIKE HALE Money-laundering manicurists, a Stephen King detective story and, oh yeah, “Game of Thrones.” The Army Infantry’s First Women Our journalists followed the first group of women to graduate from Army infantry training. The Army has sought to play down the milestone. But female grunts see it as revolutionary. By DAVE PHILIPPS An Appraisal Denis Johnson’s Poetic Visions of a Fallen World By MICHIKO KAKUTANI In this author’s universe, hallucinatory imaginings bleed into daily life, where reality itself can seem like a fevered nightmare. Johnson, Scribe of the Failed and the Desperate, Dies at 67 California May Join Ranks of World’s Coffee Producers By STEPHANIE STROM Farmers in Southern California are nurturing coffee bushes in what may be the first serious effort to commercialize beans from the contiguous United States. News Analysis Southeast Asian Militants Find a Common Bond: ISIS By RICHARD C. PADDOCK There’s no indication that Islamic State leaders in the Mideast directed recent attacks in Indonesia and the Philippines, but like-minded extremists are believed to be responsible. Embroiled in Chaos, Brazilians Turn to Gallows Humor By SIMON ROMERO 9:08 PM ET President Michel Temer has grown so unpopular that some in Brazil believe the coach of the national soccer team, or a clown named Grumpy, would be better choices. Activist’s Speech Raises Ire Even Before It’s Delivered By ELI ROSENBERG The choice of Linda Sarsour, a Muslim-American activist, to address the graduates of the City University of New York School of Public Health has resulted in hate messages and threats. 10 Things to Do in New York City Now By LOUIS LUCERO II Here’s a sampling of cultural highlights this weekend and over the week ahead. More News Mass Hunger Strike by Palestinian Prisoners Ends, Israel Says China Drops Promise to Loosen Control on Its Currency Lee Boyd Malvo, ‘Beltway Sniper,’ to Be Resentenced, Judge Rules Looking for an Economic Bump? It’s Less Likely Attack on Convoy in Egypt Kills at Least 26 Christians Morning Briefing: Australia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Australia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Asia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Asia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Europe Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Europe. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing The news and stories that matter. Delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Australia’s ‘Stolen Generations’ Tell Their Stories In “Generations Stolen,” Matthew Sherwood documents the fates of mixed-race aboriginal children who had been kidnapped from their families during Australia’s disastrous experiment with forced assimilation. New Emoji is a Meaningful Symbol for Indigenous Australians Twitter’s addition of the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander flags comes in time for the 50th anniversary of a vote to include the communities in the national census. Crime, Women, and Outsider Perspectives In this week’s newsletter: a discussion about fiction and Lizzie Borden plus photos of Australia’s ‘stolen generation,’ and an appraisal of Roger Moore. Finding Songs Hidden in Britain’s Thankful Villages The indie rocker Darren Hayman is writing songs about the communities whose sons returned home from World War I. Here, Try Some Mezcal. But Not Too Much. The spirit’s new popularity in the United States thrills many Americans but worries others, who fear for its sustainability. Kirsten Dunst on Calling Her Own Shots The Cannes veteran talks about movies, sexism, female rage and “The Beguiled,” the third film that she’s made with Sofia Coppola. The Opinion Pages The Problem Isn’t Food Stamps, It’s Poverty By THE EDITORIAL BOARD That so many working households qualify for the aid reflects the prevalence of low wage jobs, the real problem Washington should be solving.  Comments Collins: Beyond Bad Trump 9:21 PM ET Stephens: Trump’s Triumph 9:54 PM ET Sheehan: David and Goliath in Vietnam Why the Palestinian Authority Should Be Shuttered The Battle Over Water on the Upper Delaware Do We Really Want Mike Pence to Be President? Don’t Judge Montana for a Single Body Slam By SARAH VOWELL Greg Gianforte doesn’t represent this state. O.K., he does now, but you get what I mean. Invite Your Neighbors Over to Grill This Weekend By MARC J. DUNKELMAN 8:40 PM ET We’re more connected than ever — but we’re estranged from the people next door. Brooks: American Narratives Cohen: Ariana Grande’s Power Krugman: Trump’s Contempt Egan: The Way They Kill Now User Subscriptions A Bomb Explodes in Manchester. Then What? Interviewing Truck Drivers at a Crossroads Times Insider » A Bomb Explodes in Manchester. Then What? The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Fashion & Style Balenciaga, Fashion’s Original Provocateur Opinion David and Goliath in Vietnam In 1967 American firepower was unmatched. But it didn’t save the hundreds of United States troops killed in the battle at Dak To, writes Neil Sheehan. Job Market When Power Makes Leaders More Sensitive Book Review From Condoleezza Rice, Tales of Diplomacy Opinion My Life on the Ocean Wave Times Insider What White House Correspondents Pack Television Geoffrey Rush Loves to Play Fools. A Genius, Too. Opinion Invite Your Neighbors Over for a Barbecue This Weekend We’re more connected than ever — but we’re estranged from the people next door. Food Cheesy, Oniony Gratin Brings a Family Together Book Review W. Kamau Bell on Being ‘Semi-Prominent’ Sunday Review Don’t Judge Montana for a Single Body Slam Paying for College A Beginner’s Guide to Repaying Student Loans Sections World » Their Government in Chaos, Brazilians Fear the Joke Is on Them At His Own Wake, Celebrating Life and the Gift of Death Gunmen in Egypt Force Coptic Christian Pilgrims From Buses and Kill 28 Business Day » Coal Country’s Power Plants Are Turning Away From Coal A Russian Businessman’s Road From Siberia to Success As C.E.O. Pay Packages Grow, Top Executives Have the President’s Ear Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Why the Palestinian Authority Should Be Shuttered Editorial: The Problem Isn’t Food Stamps, It’s Poverty Gail Collins: Going Beyond Bad Trump U.S. » For Army Infantry’s 1st Women, Heavy Packs and the Weight of History Few in St. Louis Knew Confederate Memorial Existed. Now, Many Want It Gone. Loophole in Rules on Transgender Troops Denies 2 Their Commissions Technology » Mark Zuckerberg’s Great American Road Trip Wheels: What Self-Driving Cars See Google’s A.I. Program Rattles Chinese Go Master as It Wins Match Arts » Why Spend $110 Million on a Basquiat? ‘I Decided to Go for It,’ Japanese Billionaire Explains Critic's Notebook: Kirsten Dunst on Calling Her Own Shots Shakira Finds Liberation, One Song at a Time Politics » Kushner Is Said to Have Discussed a Secret Channel to Talk to Russia U.S. Quietly Lifts Limit on Number of Refugees Allowed In White House Backs Down on Keeping Ethics Waivers Secret Fashion & Style » Homework? First I Need to Get to the Bottom of This Comey Story Critic's Notebook: Melania Trump on Display, Dressed in Ambivalence and Armor Modern Love: Wanting Monogamy as 1,946 Men Await My Swipe Movies » Critic's Notebook: Kirsten Dunst on Calling Her Own Shots Review: ‘Baywatch,’ a Romp Full of Surf, Sand and Lots of Skin Review: ‘Dead Men Tell No Tales.’ Not Very Well, Anyway. New York » Still Haunted After a Case Goes Cold A Muslim-American Activist’s Speech Raises Ire Even Before It’s Delivered F.B.I. Investigates Attempt to Hack the Trump Organization Sports » Global Sports: Crossing a Line, to Join the Challengers, at the America’s Cup A Football Coach’s Struggle With C.T.E. — and a Guilty Conscience Them Again? And Again? Warriors-Cavaliers Finals Are an N.B.A. First Theater » Review: Rom-Com as Ritual in ‘The Art of Luv (Part 5)’ Review: Tackling a Major Taboo in ‘The Boy Who Danced on Air’ Rebecca Hall and Morgan Spector: Together, Onstage and Off Science » NASA’s Jupiter Mission Reveals the ‘Brand-New and Unexpected’ Trilobites: Somehow, This Fish Fathered a Near Clone of Itself Trilobites: An Effect of Climate Change You Could Really Lose Sleep Over Obituaries » Zbigniew Brzezinski, National Security Adviser to Jimmy Carter, Dies at 89 Denis Johnson, Who Wrote of the Failed and the Desperate, Dies at 67 An Appraisal: Denis Johnson’s Poetic Visions of a Fallen World Television » Young Comic TV Showrunners From Left Field The Summer TV Lineup: 13 Series to Watch A Speedy Refresher Course for Your Summer TV Favorites Health » Rare Gene Mutations Inspire New Heart Drugs G.O.P. Health Bill Would Leave 23 Million More Uninsured in a Decade, C.B.O. Says Ask Well: How Much Sugar Is in a Glass of Wine? Travel » Finding My Florida Footsteps: Mondrian’s World: From Primary Colors to the Boogie Woogie 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Indianapolis Books » An Appraisal: Denis Johnson’s Poetic Visions of a Fallen World Denis Johnson, Who Wrote of the Failed and the Desperate, Dies at 67 Summer Pages: Books to Breeze Through This Summer Education » Your Money: When Colleges Dangle Money to Lure Students Who Ignored Them Dozens of Middlebury Students Are Disciplined for Charles Murray Protest Commencement Addresses Offer Road Maps to the Future Food » During Ramadan, Home Cooks Shine A Good Appetite: A Cheesy, Oniony Gratin That Brings a Family Together Hungry City: A Journey Through Indonesian Favorites at Awang Kitchen in Elmhurst, Queens Sunday Review » News Analysis: Will the Presidency Survive This President? Editorial: Watergate? We’re Not There Yet Frank Bruni: A Prayer for Donald Trump Real Estate » Where to Live When the L Train Shuts Down Developers Migrate to Areas Near the G, J, M and Z Trains 360 View: Work for Audible, Live Rent-Free? The Upshot » Economic View: The Question Isn’t Why Wage Growth Is So Low. It’s Why It’s So High. Civics Lessons: Checking Democracy’s Pulse Public Health: C.B.O. Has Clear Message About Losers in House Health Bill Magazine » Feature: Aleppo After the Fall Feature: Jared Kushner’s Other Real Estate Empire Feature: Is It Possible to Resist Deportation in Trump’s America? Automobiles » G.M. Accused in Lawsuit of Deceit on Diesel Truck Emissions Driven: Video Review: Cadillac CT6 Adds ‘Sporty’ to the Luxury Lexicon Wheels: What Self-Driving Cars See T Magazine » At Tea With the Legendary Painter Wayne Thiebaud Market Report: 6 Polished Loafers, With an Unusual Edge 48 Hours: In Dallas With One of Fashion’s Most Innovative Designers Times Insider » What We’re Reading: Special Podcast Edition A Bomb Explodes in Manchester. Then What? Basking Just Below Carte Blanche Real Estate » What I Love Beowulf Boritt, Set Designer, Renovates His Home By JOANNE KAUFMAN When Beowulf Boritt and his wife bought a prewar fixer-upper, he used all the tricks he learned in the theater to redo it. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
New York Chicago Neighborhoods Manhattan Chelsea & Hell's Kitchen Downtown East Village & Lower East Side Greenwich Village & Soho Harlem Midtown & Theater District Murray Hill, Gramercy & Midtown East Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island Upper West Side & Morningside Heights Washington Heights & Inwood Brooklyn Bedford-Stuyvesant Cobble Hill, Carroll Gardens & Red Hook Crown Heights, Prospect Heights & Prospect-Lefferts Gardens Fort Greene & DUMBO Park Slope, Windsor Terrace & Gowanus Williamsburg, Greenpoint & Bushwick Queens Astoria & Long Island City Flushing & Whitestone Forest Hills, Rego Park & Jamaica Jackson Heights & Elmhurst Maspeth, Middle Village & Ridgewood The Rockaways The Bronx Fordham & Tremont Norwood & Bedford Park Riverdale & Kingsbridge South Bronx Woodlawn & Wakefield Staten Island News Arts & Entertainment Crime & Mayhem Education Food & Drink Health & Wellness On The Inside Parenting & Schools Politics Real Estate Shopping The Latest Transportation Urban Animals Weather Features Back to School Checklist The Outside Chance New York Visualized Apartmentality Fitness Insider Get Out & Do This Mental Wellness On The Inside Open House Insider Openings & Closings Principal Of The Week Shop The City This Is New York Urban Love Your Good Health Holidays in the Neighborhood FOLLOW FOLLOW US Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Instagram RSS SUBSCRIBE Neighborhood Partners Advertise With Us Contact Us Our Team Careers Terms of Use Privacy Policy © 2017 DNAinfo Search Search Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island Crime & Mayhem Teen Steals iPhone, Orders Cab Through App on Victim's Cell, Police Say By Shaye Weaver |&nbspMay 26, 2017 5:26pm @shayeweaver Twitter Facebook Email More The teen ordered a taxi back to his East Harlem home using the stolen iPhone, police said. View Full Caption Shutterstock UPPER EAST SIDE — The phone may be smart, but this thief wasn't. An East Harlem teen snatched an iPhone out of a woman's hand last month, using one of her apps to hail cab and flee the scene, snapping a selfie of himself on the device and even logging in to his own Apple account, police said.  The 38-year-old victim was walking home on April 8, around 10:30 p.m., when the 17-year-old suspect ran up behind her outside of 407 E. 61st St. and grabbed her purse out of her hands, the NYPD said. Running toward York Avenue, the teen used her iPhone 6's Gett app to order a taxi back to his home in East Harlem, police said. He also took a selfie, which was uploaded to the victim's iCloud account, and signed into his own personal Apple account on iPhone 6S, according to authorities. Detectives tracked the suspect down and arrested him on May 23 at 11 a.m., police said. He was arraigned on three counts of grand larceny and his bail was set at $7,500 cash or bond. Other notable crimes in this week’s blotter from the 19th Precinct include: ► Elderly Aunt Scammed Out of $6,400 An 85-year-old Upper East Side woman fell victim to a phone scam on Thursday, when a man called claiming to be a detective at 4 p.m., police said. The man told her that her niece was in jail and that the woman could bail her out by purchasing store gift cards from Best Buy, Walmart, Target and Home Depot. The man advised her not to tell the cashier why she would be buying the cards. When she went to Home Depot, the cashier asked why she wanted to purchase $6,400 in gift cards, and the woman made up an excuse, police said. Later, after the woman had given the card numbers over the phone to the scammers, she discovered that her niece was not in jail. ► Breakfast Food Bandit Hits Gristedes A 38-year-old East Harlem man was arrested for trying to steal bacon and coffee from the Gristedes at 202 E. 96th St., near Third Avenue, on Saturday, at 10:50 a.m., police said. When employees caught him on camera putting the items into a laundry bag and tried to stop him from leaving, the suspect grabbed his bag from them, flailed his arms and kicked an employee. The items he tried to steal were eight Café Bustelo Coffee containers worth $52, seven Applegate bacon packages worth $52, five Godshall bacon packages worth $30, and three Oscar Mayer turkey bacon packages worth $17, police said. He was charged with robbery. A manager at Gristedes declined to comment. ► Don't Give Your Purse to Strangers A 38-year old woman had her purse stolen at Ethyl's Alcohol & Food at 1629 Second Ave., near 85th Street, Friday morning at 2:45 a.m., after handing it to a stranger at the bar while going to dance, police said.  When she returned, the person had vanished with the $2,000 Tod's snakeskin purse, which contained a $400 Louis Vuitton keychain, $100 in cash, $200 in makeup, a $400 Tom Ford perfume bottle, her license, and an American Express card. A spokesperson for Ethyl's did not immediately return a request for comment. ► Locker Theft at Lenox Hill Hospital A Brooklyn man had his wallet stolen from a locker at Lenox Hill Hospital when he went for an MRI at the 100 E. 77th St. medical center on Tuesday, police said. At 7 p.m., the 31 year old put his $300 Paul Smith wallet that had cash and multiple credit cards inside of a hospital locker before going in for his MRI, police said. When he returned to the locker, it was missing. Reps for Lenox Hill Hospital did not immediately return a request for comment.  ► Fake Bottle Return at Duane Reade A 28-year-old cashier from Brooklyn was seen on camera processing fake bottle returns and pocketing the cash at the Duane Reade at 1550 Third Ave. at 87th Street, police said. Between April 20 and May 21, he took $2,050, police said. He was charged with grand larceny. ► Bloomingdale's Targeted for Fraud and Theft Two men were arrested for trying to buy high-end items at the 1000 Third Ave. Bloomingdale's with fake credit cards, police said. A 38-year-old suspect purchased two pairs of Ferragamo shoes worth $740 and two Ferragamo belts worth $975 using a fake credit card on Wednesday at 6 p.m. He was charged with grand larceny, two counts of possession of a forged instrument, and one count of criminal possession of stolen property. A 19-year-old Queens man tried picking up two Burberry shirts valued at $288 that he bought with an account that didn't belong to him on Thursday around 7 p.m. He used a fake ID to pick up the items, but store security stopped him and he was charged with petit larceny and criminal possession of a forged instrument. ► Drunk Driver Refuses Breath Test A New Jersey man was arrested for drunk driving when police pulled him over for recklessly driving his 2016 Chevy Wagon along East 60th Street, First Avenue and East 61st Street Thursday shortly after 2:30 a.m., police said. He made an improper turn and disobeyed traffic light, and refused to take a Breathalyzer test when he was stopped. The driver was charged with aggravated unlicensed operation of a vehicle, unlicensed driving, operating a motor vehicle while intoxicated and operating a motor vehicle while impaired by alcohol.  Twitter Facebook Email More Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandBattery Park City Is Home to Nation's Priciest Rents: Study Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandNearly 300 'High-End' Trash Bins Added to Upper East Side Streets Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandStraphangers Will Foot the Bill for New MTA Capital Plan, MTA Chair Says Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandYou Have To Earn $240K a Year to Afford a 3-Bedroom in Manhattan Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandFlatiron's 5th Ave. Sees Retail Rent Increases Amid Slowdown, Study Says Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandBoxing Gym Backed by Stallone, Bieber Opening Upper East Side Outpost Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandAlcoholics Anonymous Sues to Get Original '12 Step' Manuscript Back Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandWATCH: Broadway Star Bebe Neuwirth Reads 'War and Peace' to Abused Dogs Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandOverdose Deaths Up Nearly 22 Percent Citywide, Officials Say Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandMore Q Trains Coming to 2nd Ave. Subway During Rush Hour This Fall: MTA Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandBank Robber Hits Same Upper East Side Branch Twice, Police Say Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island2nd Ave. Subway's 83rd St. Entrance Reopens After Week of Escalator Repairs Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandUpper East Siders Live Longest as Overall NYC Life Expectancy Drops: Data Next in Upper East Side & Roosevelt IslandWave Sculptures by Slash and Keith Richards Roll Into the City Get our daily Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island news and alerts! Subscribe By clicking subscribe, I agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Thank you for signing up! Would you like to sign up for additional newsletters? Thank you for signing up for additional newsletters. News Alert New York City Manhattan Chelsea & Hell's Kitchen Downtown East Village & Lower East Side Greenwich Village & SoHo Harlem Midtown & Theater District Murray Hill, Gramercy & Midtown East Upper West Side & Morningside Heights Washington Heights & Inwood News Alert Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Staten Island Add to my subscription Get our daily Upper East Side & Roosevelt Island news and alerts! Subscribe By clicking subscribe, I agree to be bound by the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Thank you for signing up! Would you like to sign up for additional newsletters? Thank you for signing up for additional newsletters. News Alert New York City Manhattan Chelsea & Hell's Kitchen Downtown East Village & Lower East Side Greenwich Village & SoHo Harlem Midtown & Theater District Murray Hill, Gramercy & Midtown East Upper West Side & Morningside Heights Washington Heights & Inwood News Alert Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Staten Island Add to my subscription Recommended Park Slope » 'Rape Culture' Bathroom Sign at Park Slope Coffee Shop Sparks Heated Debate Rockaway Beach » Historic Photos of Rockaway Boardwalk Show Glory of Promenade's Past Midtown East » City Employee Arrested with Thousands of Child Porn Photos on Laptop: NYPD Williamsburg » Poodles Rescued From Korean Shelter Up For Adoption This Weekend You need an iframes capable browser to view this content. DNAinfo is New York's leading neighborhood news source. We deliver up-to-the-minute reports on entertainment, education, politics, crime, sports, and dining. Our award-winning journalists find the stories - big or small - that matter most to New Yorkers. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright © 2009-2017, DNAinfo. All Rights Reserved. News Arts & Entertainment Crime & Mayhem Education Food & Drink Health & Wellness On The Inside Parenting & Schools Politics Real Estate Shopping The Latest Transportation Urban Animals Weather Features Back to School Checklist The Outside Chance New York Visualized Apartmentality Fitness Insider Get Out & Do This Mental Wellness On The Inside Open House Insider Openings & Closings Principal Of The Week Shop The City This Is New York Urban Love Your Good Health Holidays in the Neighborhood DNAinfo Neighborhood Partners Advertise with Us Contact Us Our Team Careers Media Kit Follow Us Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google+ Instagram RSS SUBSCRIBE DNAinfo Neighborhood Partners Advertise with Us Contact Us Our Team Careers Media Kit Terms of Use Privacy Policy Copyright © 2009-2017, DNAinfo. All Rights Reserved.

Autos Jobs Real Estate eNewspaper Subscribe Sign In East Montgomery County Observer Home Local Houston Bayou City History Education Campus Chronicles Hall Pass Texas HC Investigations Narco Confidential Texas Take Transportation Prognosis Planet Texas Neighborhoods The Observation Post Native Texan Obituaries Gray Matters Politics Houston Politics & Policy Texas Politics Texas Take Election 2016 U.S. & World Politics & Policy Politifact Texas Quorum Report US & World US News World News Space Science & Environment Politics & Policy Video Sports Texans Astros Rockets Dynamo & Dash College Sports HS Sports Inside Houston Sports Outdoors More Sports Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Business Energy Real Estate Deal of the Week Outside the Boardroom Houston BizFeed Business People Medical Retail Technology Personal Finance Top Workplaces Chronicle 100 Bloomberg Opinion Editorials Outlook Letters to the Editor Columnists Corrections Arts & Entertainment Books Movies & TV Music, Theater & Fine Arts Rodeo Restaurants & Bars Top 100 Restaurants Comics & Games Flavor Restaurants & Bars Food & Cooking Wine, Beer & Spirits Barbecue Top 100 Restaurants Essays Recipes Lifestyle Escapes Healthy Living Home & Garden Religion & Life Passages Society Style Luxe Life Calle Houston ENewspaper Special Sections 55 Minutes 115: Houston history Chronicle 100 Cold cases Chemical Breakdown: Hidden dangers Denied: Special education in Texas DuPont Investigation HCC Investigation Jailhouse Jeopardy The Million Swamped: Houston-area flooding The Tank: Transgender inmates starting over Texas Sex Offenders Top 100 Restaurants Uncovered: A health care crisis More Special Sections Podcasts Bring It to Jerome Looped In Texas Take: The Podcast Puzzles & Games Newsletters Archive Creighton's 'Buy America' bill with governor after unanimous approval by Texas lawmakers By John S. Marshall, jmarshall@hcnonline.com May 26, 2017 Photo: Bill Montgomery The cargo ship Emerald Bay passes the Texas City Dike en route to the Port of Houston. The cargo ship Emerald Bay passes the Texas City Dike en route to... A bill authored by Conroe state lawmaker Brandon Creighton that's expected to give a financial boost to Texas ports -- as well as the rest of the Texas economy -- is with the governor after passing both the Senate and the House unanimously. Senate Bill 28 -- the so-called Texas Port Expansion Act -- has been sent to Gov. Greg Abbott after sailing through both houses of the state Legislature. With Texas ports already a powerful contributor to the state's overall economy, the bill is expected to help create more jobs by putting port improvement projects in the fast lane -- a potential financial boon even for landlocked Texas communities. According to the Texas Ports Association the financial benefit produced by the state's ports reaches far inland, with agricultural products and livestock grown on Texas farms and ranches being exported to foreign countries through Texas ports, while containerized shipments carrying goods for WalMart and other major retail chains enter the U.S. through Texas Ports. It's estimated that nearly 1.4 million jobs are related to cargo moving through maritime terminals located in the state, while nearly $83 billion in personal income is created as a result of the port industry. With Texas ranking first in the nation in exports, the money being made available for port improvement projects is expected to make the state more competitive in international trade, especially as the Panama Canal is expanded. Translator To read this article in one of Houston's most-spoken languages, click on the button below. "This is revolutionary for Texas ports," Creighton said of the bill. "Texas ports are among the best in the world and now have the capability to become more competitive." The bill breezing through the Legislature marks a busy week and month involving legislation backed by the Republican state senator. Late Thursday the governor signed into law a bill that requires members of Lone Star Groundwater District be elected. A House version of the bill was sponsored by three lawmakers who represent Montgomery County in the Texas House -- Will Metcalf, Mark Keough and Cecil Bell Jr. -- while Creighton had introduced a similar version in the Senate. The bill signed by the governor was the final version of the two bills. Earlier in the week Creighton's legislation involving Jones State Forest passed the Senate in a 31-0 vote. With bills still being referred to the House he says he's "hopeful" the legislation will advance quickly. Though Creighton says the bill will protect the forest, the measure still faces opposition from the Sierra Club. The environmental organization argues the wording of the bill is "flawed" and says it does not allow for a "transparent" process in getting the public involved. Also, earlier this month a bill sponsored by Creighton that would require that only steel made in America be used in state construction projects passed the Senate in a 23-7 vote. A similar bill "Buy America" bill has passed the House, so lawmakers from both the Senate and House will meet to try to agree on a final version. If passed and signed into law that bill would require large state projects - such as buildings, roads and bridges - be built only with steel made by U.S. companies. Top About Our Company Ad Choices Careers Terms of Use Advertising Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your California Privacy Rights Contact Subscribe eNewspaper Archives Customer Service Frequently Asked Questions Newsroom Contacts Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Pinterest Google+ Connect © 2017 Hearst Newspapers, LLC.
Lehigh Valley proms: See all our photo galleries Blogging w/Bill White Opinion Bill White Bill White Blog Memorial Day Poppies Lt. Col. John McCrae, physician to the First Canadian Brigade during World War I, wrote the now famous poem 'In Flanders Fields' amid the fields' graves and poppies. Lt. Col. John McCrae, physician to the First Canadian Brigade during World War I, wrote the now famous poem 'In Flanders Fields' amid the fields' graves and poppies. Bill WhiteContact Reporter 'In Flanders Fields' poem inspired poppy tradition     Poppies and World War I have come up more than once in recent months.     First, I got around to reading a very old book that had been in my family, written by journalist, novelist and playwright -- and fellow Lehigh University graduate -- Richard Harding Davis. It's called "With the French in France and Solonika," chronicling the war correspondent's travels around different fronts and European cities during World War I.    I've never read any of his stuff before, and I was struck by his engaging, entertaining style of description and commentary. In particular, his descriptions of the trenches gave me a better understanding of life for these soldiers.    He's a fascinating guy. I encourage you to follow that link above to his life story.    Around the same time, I had a request from someone to track down an old Morning Call piece about World War I and the significance of poppies. I dove into our archives, found a few and passed them along. It turned out that one of them was the story the reader had remembered. PHOTO GALLERY: Morning Call photographers have chronicled Memorial Day services and parades over the decades. Here are some of their photos from our archives.    Finally, I received a letter from someone asking me to write about poppies this year for Memorial Day.    I was going to take him up on that, but I've been swamped and I never got to it. Instead, I decided to use this space to share a very nice freelance piece by James Marsh, which ran in The Morning Call in 1998. It's one of the stories I sent to that reader.    You'll see that this tradition was inspired by the World War I poem "In Flanders Fields." I'll share that at the end.    Here's Marsh's column:    A year ago, while I was shopping at Wal-Mart on Memorial Day weekend, an older gentleman wearing a veteran's cap held out his hand, offering to sell me a bright, red paper flower. I averted my eyes and shuffled past him. Just someone else looking for a handout, I thought to myself.    Driving home, my conscience began to toy with me. I remembered my grandfather holding my hand and walking me along a downtown sidewalk in the late 1940s. We came upon a veteran offering those same paper flowers, and grandfather produced a coin and bought one from the vet. He tucked it in a buttonhole in my shirt, and told me it was a veteran's poppy. A block later, another vet held out another paper bouquet, and grandfather dipped for another coin and tucked another red poppy onto my shirt. "It's for the soldiers who fought for us," he said simply, as if a 7-year-old knew all about the big war we'd just anguished through. Tales of World War II were still pretty fresh then. Even in my youthful naivete, I think I knew it was just a way of saying thanks.    That memory stirred my conscience on my drive home. Here I was, now in my 50s, and I had forgotten how to say thank you to an old soldier. The vets and the poppies appear each spring around Memorial Day and again in the fall around Veterans Day. Now, half a century past World War II, even with three more major conflicts inserted into our country's history, most people pass the old soldiers by, as I did, with no idea what's behind those little paper flowers.   The poppy movement was inspired by the poem, "In Flanders Fields," written by Col. John McCrae of the Canadian forces before the U.S. entered World War I. The bright, red common poppy grows wild throughout Europe, brightening the fields and roadsides from May into July. The poem presented striking images of the flowers blooming among rows of white crosses marking the graves of the war dead in Belgium. Selling replicas of the original Flanders poppy originated in some of the allied countries after the Armistice for the benefit of children in devastated areas of France and Belgium.    During the early 1920s, the Veterans of Foreign Wars adopted the idea, which resulted in the VFW "Buddy Poppy." The poppies were fashioned by disabled and needy veterans, who were paid for their work as a practical means of financial assistance. The name of the "Buddy Poppy" originated with the men who assembled them. The VFW registered the name with the U.S. Patent Office in 1924. The practice spread across the country and poppies have been assembled ever since in regional Veterans Hospitals, homes and workshops. The American Legion also had adopted the poppy as its official flower, and has been selling the paper remembrances since 1923.    Poppy sales are based on a simple premise -- "honoring the dead by helping the living." Proceeds go to veteran assistance programs, especially those for vets who have been maimed and disabled fighting for our country.    In this century alone, more than 619,000 American men and women lost their lives in armed conflict while fighting for their country. More than 1.1 million were wounded -- many of them maimed or disabled for the rest of their lives. These men and women were our neighbors, our sons, daughters, mothers, fathers, sisters, brothers, husbands and wives. Thirty-five million more Americans served, fought and survived this century's wars.    This Memorial Day, I plan to go looking for a vet selling poppies. I hope I can make up for my moment of ingratitude last year. If you see a vet, buy a poppy from him or her. Or, at least, go up and say "Thank you for going over there and for coming back." In Flanders fields the poppies blow Between the crosses, row on row, That mark our place; and in the sky The larks, still bravely singing, fly Scarce heard amid the guns below. We are the Dead. Short days ago We lived, felt dawn, saw sunset glow, Loved and were loved, and now we lie In Flanders fields. Take up our quarrel with the foe: To you from failing hands we throw The torch; be yours to hold it high. If ye break faith with us who die We shall not sleep, though poppies grow In Flanders fields. Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call Breaking Obits Prom Sports Arts & Ent Popular Classifieds Video/Photos 57°
Menu Biglaw Small Law Firms Small Firm Center Law Schools In-House Counsel Business Development Future of the Supreme Court Justice Privacy Bonuses ATL Rankings Asia Chronicles Government Appellate Court Blog CLE Litigation Finance Podcast Career Center Job Listings Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Pre-Law Law Students Lawyers Law Firm Directory Law School Directory Law Firm Advances, Bonuses, Stipends Resource Center Send Tips Advertise Events About X Close Signup Modal Above The Law In your inbox Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. Send Tips Advertise Events About Above the Law 5 Ways In Which The Business Of Law Is NOT Changing Anytime Soon Non-Sequiturs: 05.26.17 What’s Up With The Bar Exam? Comply Now, Complain Later: Rick Alimonti On Recent Airline Controversies The History Of Commemorating Memorial Day 3 Signs You May Be On Your Way Out Of The Practice Of Law The Biggest Bully Is The School Itself — And Lawyers Can Help Put An End To This The State Of The Job Market Everybody Else Is Reading This The Crazy Reason Why Barack Obama Didn’t Want To Be A Supreme Court Clerk Law School Ordered To Post $1.5M Surety Bond In Case It Closes Make The Right Career Choices, Even If (Maybe Especially If) They Are Not Traditional Ones The Hidden Benefit Of Litigation Senate Should Either Fix Or Get Off The Pot On Copyright Office Bill Morning Docket: 05.26.17 Biglaw Small Law Small Firm Center Law Schools In-House Legal Tech Justice Government Appellate Court Blog Career Center Job Listings Pre-Law Law Students Lawyers Law Firm Rankings Law School Rankings Law Firm Directory Law School Directory Resource Center Law Firm Advances, Bonuses, Stipends CLE Wilson Sonsini Tops Life Sciences Law Firm Index For 2nd Straight Year Can You Pass Personal Finance 101? Take The Quiz To Find Out Do Associates Defy Generational Stereotypes? Download Our Free Report Non-Sequiturs Non-Sequiturs: 05.26.17 By Elie Mystal May 26, 2017 at 2:58 PM Shares5 Preet Bharara Ed. note: Above the Law will not be publishing on Monday, May 29, in honor of Memorial Day. We’ll see you on Tuesday, May 30 — which is when we plan to issue our latest ATL Law School Rankings. * A Texas police chief is under investigation for allegedly calling a woman a “black bitch” after an altercation in a Walmart parking lot. The police chief was giving his 14-year-old daughter driving lessons at the time, and I’m comfortable drawing a straight line from the police/father’s behavior to 53% of white women voting for Donald Trump. [The Root] * I think this link has something to do with art. Potentially, there’s a lawsuit about somebody who copies art? I really don’t know. Somebody at Above the Law sent me a link about art, told me to put it here, but didn’t summarize the relevant art facts to me, and… well, I’m just not going to muster the focus to read a whole story about art. [Jezebel] * Joel Cohen, Judge Jed S. Rakoff, and Judge Richard Posner debate “alternative facts,” because this is now an issue in our crumbling society. [Slate] * Long Island family awarded over $8 million because cops Tased disabled man four times. [New York Law Journal] * Preet Bharara says recently elected Montana Congressperson, Greg ‘The Body-Slammer’ Gianforte, would “face deportation” if he was an immigrant. [The Hill] * Most respectable publications are reporting on Trump’s embarrassing performance in Europe. Do you think that has filtered all the way down to the white supremacist media that is in charge of the country? [Breitbart] Promoted Sponsored Content NALP 2017: Kinney Recruiting’s Takeaways and Counterpoints NALP 2017: Kinney Recruiting’s Takeaways and Counterpoints A grasp of nuance is crucial in evaluating the legal recruiting market. A grasp of nuance is crucial in evaluating the legal recruiting market. Robert Kinney Promoted Sponsored Content Teaching You What Law School Doesn’t Teaching You What Law School Doesn’t Practical training on your terms at the right price… Practical training on your terms at the right price… Stephanie Wilkins Shares5 Topics Alternative Facts, Art, Art Law, Donald Trump, Greg Gianforte, Jed Rakoff, Jed S. Rakoff, Joel Cohen, Justice, Minority Issues, Non-Sequiturs, Police, Politics, Preet Bharara, Preetinder Bharara, Preetinder S. Bharara, Racism, Richard Posner, Texas —ADVERTISEMENT— Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. Popular Articles Dechert Layoffs — They Laid Off First-Years (And This May Be The Way Of The Future) What’s Up With The Bar Exam? Law School Ordered To Post $1.5M Surety Bond In Case It Closes The State Of The Job Market The Crazy Reason Why Barack Obama Didn’t Want To Be A Supreme Court Clerk 5 Ways In Which The Business Of Law Is NOT Changing Anytime Soon The Hidden Benefit Of Litigation At Lunch With David Boies, 20 Years After His Departure From Cravath The Law Schools With The Most Underemployed Graduates (2016) The 2017 Am Law 200: Keep Calm And Carry On The Law Schools With The Most Unemployed Graduates (2016) DOJ Threatens Immigration Rights Lawyers, Demands They Drop Their Clients The Ten-Year Public Service Loan Forgiveness Program Is Abusive And Should Be Eliminated Make The Right Career Choices, Even If (Maybe Especially If) They Are Not Traditional Ones Non-Sequiturs: 05.26.17 From the Above the Law Network Comply Now, Complain Later: Rick Alimonti On Recent Airline Controversies Source: Lawline CLE Are We In A Golden Age of Legal Research Innovation? Source: Lawsites Blog BEST LIFE SCIENCES LAW FIRM RANKING 2017 Source: Lake Whillans Need Leads Delivered Right to Your Law Firm? Source: Thomson Reuters Want to Be a Rainmaker? Patch Your Intake Pipeline. Source: Thomson Reuters FindLaw Case Study: Is The Grass Really Greener? Source: Thomson Reuters 5 Things First-Years Need To Do To Survive Biglaw Source: Lateral Link Emergence Of Lateral Market In Dallas-Fort Worth Source: Kinney Recruiting What’s Up With The Bar Exam? 5 Ways In Which The Business Of Law Is NOT Changing Anytime Soon Shares5 Promoted Sponsored Content Want To Improve Your Accounting And Finance Knowledge? Want To Improve Your Accounting And Finance Knowledge? “This is what I would build in my dreams.” -Director of Attorney Development, Am Law 100 firm “This is what I would build in my dreams.” -Director of Attorney Development, Am Law 100 firm HOTSHOT Promoted Sponsored Content Wilson Sonsini Tops Life Sciences Law Firm Index For 2nd Straight Year Wilson Sonsini Tops Life Sciences Law Firm Index For 2nd Straight Year The Life Sciences Law Firm Index identifies the most active and relevant firms for life science companies… The Life Sciences Law Firm Index identifies the most active and relevant firms for life science companies… Brian Dalton Promoted Sponsored Content At Which Firms Are Women Thriving? Findings From The ATL Law Firm Gender Diversity Index Law firms blow a lot of rhetorical hot air affirming their commitment to achieving gender diversity in the workplace. Yet, despite some isolated efforts to hire and retain more female attorneys and promote more women into partnership, little tangible progress has been made to improve the position of women in the profession… Above The Law Recent Jobs Environmental Associate Location: Seattle, Washington posted by Stoel Rives LLP Rechtsanwalt (m/w) für Bau- und Immobilienrecht in Frankfurt Location: Frankfurt, Germany posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC Covenant Analyst Location: New York, New York posted by Xtract Research Mid Level Finance Associate Location: Dallas, Texas posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC Senior Attorney - Regulatory Location: Memphis, Tennessee posted by Kinney Recruiting LLC view all » Promoted Sponsored Content Can You Pass Personal Finance 101? Take The Quiz To Find Out Can You Pass Personal Finance 101? Take The Quiz To Find Out Knowing the right answers can help you navigate through life’s financial decisions. Knowing the right answers can help you navigate through life. Above The Law Promoted Sponsored Content April and May Highlights on Legal Talk Network: Dean Strang, Drug Scandals, and Drones LTN Highlights: Dean Strang, Drug Scandals, and Drones May brought us a fresh batch of podcasts. May brought us a fresh batch of podcasts. Legal Talk Network Newsletter Signup Subscribe and get breaking news, commentary, and opinions on law firms, lawyers, law schools, lawsuits, judges, and more. Editorial Staff Managing Editor David Lat Editors Staci Zaretsky Joe Patrice Breaking Media Editor at Large Elie Mystal × Love ATL? Let's make it official. Sign up for our newsletter. Follow us No thanks Our Sites © 2017 Breaking Media, Inc. All rights reserved. Registration or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. ×
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 56 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER MAY 27, 2017 MAY 27, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAY 27, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 56 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Weekly recalls: Spinner toys, wall sconces The Associated Press First Published May 26 2017 12:57PM    •    Last Updated May 26 2017 12:57 pm Single page Share This Article Several models of battery-operated ride-on toys are being recalled because the acceleration pedal can stick, posing a hazard to children. Other recalled consumer products include lamps with defective switches and wicker furniture with lead paint. Here's a more detailed look: RIDE-ON TOYS DETAILS: Three models of 12-volt battery-operated ride-on toys, including Surge 12V Camo 4X4, Surge 12V XL Quad and Tonka 12V Mighty Dump trucks. The recalled ride-on toys have model numbers and date codes listed in the table below. The model number, batch number, serial number and the date code, formatted as "MMDDYYYY," are printed on a label on the bottom of the ride-on toy. The Surge 12V Camo 4X4 was sold at Walmart nationwide between June 2016 and March 2017, the Surge 12V XL Quad sold at Academy Sports + Outdoors stores nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017, and the Tonka 12-volt Might Dump Truck was sold at Toys R Us stores nationwide and online at ToysRUs.com from July 2016 through November 2016. Details on models and serial numbers can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Dynacraft-Recalls-Ride-On-Toys VIDEOS TOP JOBS WHY: The acceleration pedal on the ride-on toys can stick, posing fall and crash hazards. INCIDENTS: 19 reports of pedals sticking, including seven reports of minor injuries, including abrasions, cuts and bruises. HOW MANY: About 20,000. FOR MORE: Call Dynacraft at 800-551-0032 from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.dynacraftwheels.com and click on "Product Recalls" at the bottom of the page. SALT ROCK LAMPS DETAILS: Lumière brand Rock Salt Lamps in three styles: Basket of Rocks, Carnival of Lights and Rock of Gibraltar. The lamps are pink in color and are mounted on a wooden base or in a black metal basket. The lamps were sold in black cardboard boxes with a photo of the lamp on the front of the box and the UPC bar code number on the bottom of the box. Lamps with the following UPC numbers are included in the recall: Rock of Gibraltar Lamp with UPC 00886946056253, Carnival of Lights with UPC 00886946058325 and Basket of Rocks with UPC 00886946056277. They were sold at At Home, Christmas tree shops, Michaels and other stores nationwide from July 2016 through December 2016. WHY: The dimmer switch and/or outlet plug can overheat and ignite, posing shock and fire hazards. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 3,900. Also, 80,000 lamps were previously recalled in January 2017. FOR MORE: Call Sportex at 800-652-3490 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Thursday. » Next page... 2 3 4 Single page   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES LDS millennials are more Democratic, diverse than older Mormons, survey shows Chaffetz's exit leaves 22 -- so far -- seeking to fill the void Mormon wards to host Ramadan meals for Muslim neighbors Jonathan Bernstein: Why Republican numbers stopped adding up City lands $1.2 million to overhaul Red Butte, Emigration and Parley's creeks near Jordan River ELEVATE Utah Arts Festival: Four days of music, culture...and art!   8 inspection pitfalls to avoid when buying a home   An Insider’s Guide to Lava Hot Springs   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS VIEW/POST COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Search Saturday, May 27, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets Trump's America Bad week for the import tax by Joseph Lawler | May 26, 2017, 2:43 PM Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email this article Share on LinkedIn House leaders insist that their proposal for a destination-based corporate tax is undergoing a revamp. (Steve Bisson/Savannah Morning News via AP) Prospects for the boldest proposal in House Speaker Paul Ryan's tax plan are dimming as members of Congress fan out over the country for the Memorial Day break. House Republican leaders insisted this week that their proposal for a destination-based corporate tax is undergoing a revamp and that they will push ahead with it in negotiations with the Senate and the White House. The idea of a border-adjusted tax, first outlined in June, is meant to keep U.S. companies from fleeing the country by taxing them only for sales in the U.S. Yet opponents of border adjustment, especially industries that fear higher taxes on imported materials, saw the possibility of total defeat of the idea this week, and say they are not interested in a revision of the plan meant to address their concerns. Speaking to reporters Thursday, House Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady said business fears about the border-adjusted tax could be allayed with a "generous transition" plan in the tax reform legislation. The biggest fear for retailers, oil refiners and other businesses that import materials is that, with border adjustment, they would lose the ability to deduct the cost of imports from their taxable income. In theory, they would be no worse off under border adjustment because the value of the dollar would increase relative to other currencies, meaning that the greater purchasing power of the dollar would offset the tax increase on imports. Retailers, however, have not been willing to bet that a currency appreciation will spare them a tax hike. Companies such as Walmart and Best Buy formed a coalition that has aggressively opposed the House GOP proposal, as has the group of political nonprofits associated with Koch Industries, which owns a refining business. There is little indication that those groups are interested in seeing a revised version of the border adjustment, after a week in which more Republicans came out against it. "Phasing in a harmful policy doesn't make it less harmful, and the longer it takes Washington to let this go, the harder real reform is going to be," said Nathan Nascimento, vice president of policy for Freedom Partners, a Koch-affiliated political nonprofit. "It's time to drop the [border-adjusted tax] and start unifying Americans around comprehensive reform." One of the purposes of allowing the border-adjustment to phase in would be to allow companies to prepare for its impact and, potentially, to reorganize their supply chains to bring more production back to the U.S., rather than relying on imports, Brady said. Yet the Retail Industry Leaders Association, a trade group of retailers, said their stance remained that they could not support the tax reform proposal until the border-adjustment was off the table. "I don't think there is any kind of transition that we would be comfortable" with, said an energy industry source, adding that this week's Republican defections on the border adjustment made it seem less necessary to bargain over the proposal. In particular, several prominent members of Brady's committee came out against the proposal at a hearing Tuesday. Rep. Erik Paulsen, a Minnesota Republican who rooms with Brady, announced at the hearing that he could not support border adjustment. Other members of the committee expressed doubts. Elsewhere, in appearances before Congress and with the media, Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin continued to explain that the administration has problems with the idea and is leaving it up to House Republicans to come back to the table with an improved proposal if they want it included in reform. In comments made to the KPMG Global Energy Conference Wednesday, reported by the energy industry publication Rigzone, former House Speaker John Boehner said that the border adjustment "is deader than a doornail." That same day, in an interview with Axios, Ryan acknowledged that the White House had doubts about the plan and added that "of course" tax reform could be passed without border adjustment. The problem, though, is that in addition to protecting U.S. companies, the border adjustment would have raised a lot of money — about $1 trillion over 10 years, according to one outside estimate — that could be used in the reform to lower tax rates further. It raises that money because the U.S. imports more than it exports. If border adjustment does fall out of the plan, Ryan said, "you'll have to do more base-broadening within the domestic economy." That is, Republicans will have to take away more tax breaks, credits and deductions from American groups to ensure that the tax plan doesn't add to the deficit. Kevin Brady Tax Reform Koch brothers House Republicans House Ways and Means Committee Economy Joseph Lawler Paul Ryan Taxes Congress News Politics Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 2 hours ago If Trump's promises can be overridden, reform entitlements 2 hours ago Trump returns home to leaks, Russia, FBI headaches 4 hours ago White House will share info about former lobbyists to ethics agency: Report 7 hours ago Democrats' Memorial Day message: Trump budget would hurt veterans' healthcare benefits 8 hours ago Hillary Clinton: My detractors fear me 14 hours ago As we debate Confederate statues, recall how Americans treated British statues during the Revolutionary War 15 hours ago Editorial cartoon: The latest intelligence does not look good Daily on Healthcare: No Memorial Day vacation for senators 15 hours ago John Boehner: Trump 'still learning how to be president' 19 hours ago Joe Scarborough: Trump's NATO speech is a 'love note' to Putin 1 day ago No, CEOs don't make 347 times more than American workers 1 day ago Congress, be bold on Obamacare. It's what you're there for. 1 day ago Mark Levin: Sean Hannity should consider suing Media Matters 1 day ago Jared Kushner now under investigation in FBI Russia probe 1 day ago Cohn: US economy is 'shining light' compared to others 1 day ago There's no such thing as total security from terrorism About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL TRUMP'S AMERICA ABOUT US NEWSLETTERS
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: missoulian.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local State & Regional Business Government & Politics National World Sports Griz High School Local College National Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists Obituaries Entertainment Calendar Music Arts and Theatre Movies TV People Books Games Corridor Magazine Games & Puzzles Features Territory Outdoors Food Weddings Buy & Sell Classifieds Business Directory Today's Deal Place an Ad Autos Homes Rentals Open Houses Newspaper Ads Weekly Ads Jobs Top Jobs Work for Us e-Edition Special Publications Contact Contact Us Subscribe Carrier Opportunities Dealer Services Email Newsletters Customer service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 53° Missoula, MT (59801) Today A mainly sunny sky. High around 75F. Winds W at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 47F. Winds N at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: May 26, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Obituaries Buy/Sell Close 2017 Missoula senior all-night party set for June 3 at The HUB May 26, 2017 Updated 2 hrs ago Seniors from all Missoula County public high schools are invited to gather at The Hub Family Entertainment Center on Saturday, June 3, from 8:30 p.m. to 2:30 a.m. to celebrate their graduation with party games, prizes and sweets. There will be a variety of fun things to do including laser tag, go-kart races, bingo and karaoke. Seniors also have the chance to win lucrative prizes, including a $1,000 scholarship from Montana State University or the University of Montana; $1,000 in cash, a laptop computer, an entertainment system, a barbecue or a GoPro video camera. Due to generous sponsors including Walmart, Blackfoot Telephone Cooperative and Town Pump, we are able to reduce the price of the tickets to $20 if purchased at the high schools ahead of time, or $25 at the door. The Senior All Night Party is a way to celebrate four years’ worth of hard work and the bright futures beckoning the 2017 graduating seniors. The Senior All Night party is a concept that was started over 30 years ago by a group of parents and community-minded individuals who took it upon themselves to do something about alcohol and teen driving on graduation night. Since its inception, this event has contributed to the downward trend of accidents and serious injuries related to graduation celebrations. Encourage your seniors to join. For more information, see the Missoula Senior All Night Party Facebook page. If you would like to volunteer as a chaperone or in some other capacity, please contact, Kitty Ortman-Nachtigal, MissoulaSeniorParty@gmail.com or sign up on the SignUp.com website: http://signup.com/go/McayUQ.   Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 You must be logged in to react. Click any reaction to login. Tags Senior Economics Internet Night High School Page Graduation Facebook Video Camera Recommended More Latest Local Offers Bellboys Lawn Care Bellboys Lawn Care offers competitive pricing on all shrub and tree pruning and removal. Call today to schedule your free estimate - 406-396-1747 Western Montana Growers Cooperative Get the only Certified Organic, Pasture based milk available in Montana from Western Montana Growers' Cooperative! Click here for more information. Miller Creek Stables Are you looking for an amazing place to board your horse? Call Miller Creek Stables today at 406-214-4543 © 2017 Lee Enterprises | Terms | Privacy Sites & Partners Ravalli Republic Auto Finder Montana Magazine Health Resource Guide Missoula Public Art Guide Services Contact Us E-edition Subscribe RSS © Copyright 2017 Missoulian, 500 S. Higgins Missoula, MT | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Local Politics I-40 billboard links 9/11 attacks to travel ban Local News Visitors, bystanders warn residents of Raleigh apartment fire Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest is May 26-29 Get more info › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Sponsor Weather Funnel cloud moves through Statesville, NC DUALDoppler5000 Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw NC State NC State's Henderson denied 6th year by NCAA Baseball UNC beats NC State 12-4, advances to ACC semifinals Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Our Take Perimeter players likely to rule ACC hoops in 2017-18 Twitter mailbag goes from sandwiches to 90s music All ACC Tourney games (don't) matter Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Business CEO pay by the numbers: How big were last year's raises? Venture/Innovation Durham hologram startup wins Silicon Valley showcase (WTW Insider) Sponsor New technology Self-parking cars help relieve driver stress Computer beats Chinese go champion Serena Williams in Silicon Valley Where the jobs are In-demand, high-paying careers await community college grads Laid-off plant worker soars to new career as commercial pilot Nominate the best in high school sports today! #HSOTHonors › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Editorial: Disguising voter suppression behind mask of voter ID DRAUGHON DRAWS: Sen. Hise, Food Stamp overseer Editorial: High court's firm ruling paves way for nonpartisan redistricting Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings SmartShopper Free Memorial Day offers for Military 2017 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings: Fei Huang, HWY 55 Burgers, Amante 5 On Your Side Firing up your grill this weekend? Loose brush bristles can make a cookout dangerous 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Health Team Be a lifeguard: Stay alert to prevent childhood drownings National News Copperhead bites NC boy at his birthday party Sponsor Summer fun Outer Banks beach among best in US Best and worst sunscreens for babies and kids Theme park fun around US Parenting Go Ask Mom at N.C. Symphony Summerfest concert Durham pools, spraygrounds free this summer Some sunscreens provide less than promised Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Mom keeps spirits up as balloon volunteer while sailor son serves Out and About Foodie news: Boylan Bridge Brewpub nears reopening Sponsor WRAL Freedom Balloon Festival Balloon fest photos Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Where to park Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event Celebrating 15 Years of TechWire Remembering the launch › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Out and About Gold star families honored before balloons take flight Out and About Spectators cheer as balloons glow Live Video Schedule 6a WRAL Morning News Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › 64° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Weather 64° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Weather 2 NC counties and 1 VA county are under alert, including Halifax and Northampton counties. Details Published: 2017-05-26 14:07:00 Updated: 2017-05-26 14:07:00 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story WRAL SmartShopper MyGiftCardsPlus Memorial Day Sale Tags: Freebies Posted 2:07 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/18BBV Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters MyGiftCardsPlus is celebrating Memorial Day with a great deal! Purchase gift cards now through Monday, 5/29/17 and you’ll earn an extra 33% cash back on all gift cards! (that’s 33% more SB for your gift card purchases). If you're not familiar, MyGiftCardsPlus is a site where you earn cash back (in the form of SB points from Swagbucks) for purchasing gift cards to your favorite retailers. For example, when you buy a $50 Applebee’s gift card you usually earn 300 SB, but now you’ll earn 399 SB (worth $3.99)! There are tons of gift cards available to buy including Bass Pro Shops (think Father's Day), Lowe's home improvement store, Buffalo Wild Wings, Macaroni Grill, IHOP, Cracker Barrel, TGI Friday's, Papa John's Pizza, Domino's Pizza, Olive Garden, Belk, Toys R Us, Old Navy, Panera, Ulta, JCPenney, Gap, Chili's, Cold Stone and many more! Use gift cards to stock up on summer essentials, treat your family to dinner, or book flights and hotels for a long weekend getaway. You won’t want to miss these cash back deals, so click HERE to make advantage of this deal while supplies last! New to Swagbucks? If you don't know about Swagbucks yet, it's the largest rewards website that gives people free gift cards for the things they do online (searching, shopping, watching videos, playing games and more). You earn points called SB for online activities and then you can cash them in for gift cards to places like Amazon, Target, Walmart, CVS, Lowes, Starbucks, Paypal, Bass Pro Shops, Kohl's and so many more! It's free to join and I have earned a bunch of gift cards in the many years I have been a member. Look below for a bonus sign up code! How do you get these SB points? There are lots of ways. * Search online: Each time you need to search for something online, use the Swagbucks search engine on their website (instead of Google). I actually have the Swagbucks toolbar installed on my desktop and it places a search box right on my screen making it super easy to search. Every once in a while, they award SB points just for doing the searches I used to do using Google. * Take surveys on their website * Answer the daily poll * Watch videos through their website or multiple mobile apps (I earn about 80 - 100 SB a day doing this) * Use their online shopping portal (I do most of my online shopping at major retailers who are part of the Swagbucks Shop and Earn program (like Amazon.com, Kohls.com, Walmart.com and more) and earn Swagbucks every time I shop. Just this week, I was credited with 562 SB points (worth $5.62 in gift cards) for an online purchase I made a few weeks ago. * Play games * Participate in special Swag Code events * Enter the daily Swag Code (which we usually let you know about here on the blog each day). Swagbucks posts bonus codes on their Facebook, Twitter and blog pages each day. If you have the Swagbucks Mobile App, it will buzz when there is a new code. When the code becomes available each day, one of us posts it here on the blog so we can all get it. The codes are only valid for an hour usually. Once you get the code, you then copy and paste the code into the Swag Code box at the top of the homepage of Swagbucks.com. Look for the circle with the words Swag Code next to it. New member bonus Swagbucks sign-up code! As I posted above, new members get a 70 SB bonus when you sign up HERE. To get the bonus SB points, click the text that reads "I have a sign up code" during registration and then enter the code: SMARTSHOPPER to get the bonus. Make sure you use all caps since it is case sensitive. Disclaimer: This post contains affiliate links and we appreciate your using them! More On This IMAGE: MyGiftCardsPlus Memorial Day Sale 1 MyGiftCardsPlus Sale Credits Web Editor Faye Prosser Copyright 2017 by Capitol Broadcasting Company. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Free Credit Score - No Card Required! Become a Durham County Foster Parent Save 50% Off Your Pella Windows Installation PLUS 0% APR for 36-Months Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Subscribe to RSS feed Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Meet the Author Contributors Faye Prosser WRAL Smart Shopper Connect Follow Follow Subscribe Search Printable coupons Coupon websites Kids eat free database Search other WRAL recipes Resources Frugal Living and Couponing 101 Coupon policies and reward programs Smart Spending workshop schedule Smart Spending Resources website Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About WRAL Balloon Fest lights up Fuquay-Varina skies Out and About Nightlife Photos Family Alabama twins post perfect scores on ACT tests Health Team Ex-Texas nurse accused of killing dozens of kids in 1980s Local Politics I-40 billboard links 9/11 attacks to travel ban National News Copperhead bites NC boy at his birthday party Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Iraq war veteran, service dog forced to leave Illinois store Out and About WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest National News Texas man catches 13-pound bullfrog 5 On Your Side Best gas grills: Add some sizzle to your summer barbecue Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Food This map shows the most popular food in every state Business CEO pay by the numbers: How big were last year's raises? Green Guide Outer Banks beach named among best in US, ranking says Weather Look up: International Space Station more visible through Saturday Go Ask Mom Open, closed: Memorial Day weekend hours for family-friendly destinations High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Out and About Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Out and About Pirates of the Caribbean: Please let this be the last one Lifestyles Which way do you face in the shower? Go Ask Mom Summer Movies! Check our database for free, cheap series Local Politics I-40 billboard links 9/11 attacks to travel ban Political News New 'Blue Lives Matter' laws raise concerns among activists Local News Durham officials, merchants look to end 'NASCAR speedway' around downtown Entertainment Ariana Grande planning benefit concert in Manchester National News Texas man catches 13-pound bullfrog SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? SmartShopper Avocado Toast: My new favorite recipe SmartShopper Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks Out and About Plan to park and walk to WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest @NCCapitol Cooper again challenges lawmakers over appointment powers SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Out and About WRAL Balloon Fest lights up Fuquay-Varina skies Out and About Nightlife Photos Out and About Winds keep balloons grounded on Day 1 Family Alabama twins post perfect scores on ACT tests Health Team Ex-Texas nurse accused of killing dozens of kids in 1980s Local Politics I-40 billboard links 9/11 attacks to travel ban National News Copperhead bites NC boy at his birthday party Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast National News Iraq war veteran, service dog forced to leave Illinois store Out and About WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest National News Texas man catches 13-pound bullfrog 5 On Your Side Best gas grills: Add some sizzle to your summer barbecue Weather NOAA forecasters predict 11 to 17 named storms for Atlantic hurricane season Food This map shows the most popular food in every state Business CEO pay by the numbers: How big were last year's raises? Green Guide Outer Banks beach named among best in US, ranking says Weather Look up: International Space Station more visible through Saturday Go Ask Mom Open, closed: Memorial Day weekend hours for family-friendly destinations High School Sports Nominate an athlete or coach for our first HSOT Honors Out and About Weekend best bets: Balloon Fest, Doughman Traffic Ask Brian: Get answers to your traffic questions Out and About Pirates of the Caribbean: Please let this be the last one Lifestyles Which way do you face in the shower? Go Ask Mom Summer Movies! Check our database for free, cheap series Local Politics I-40 billboard links 9/11 attacks to travel ban Political News New 'Blue Lives Matter' laws raise concerns among activists Local News Durham officials, merchants look to end 'NASCAR speedway' around downtown Entertainment Ariana Grande planning benefit concert in Manchester National News Texas man catches 13-pound bullfrog SmartShopper What's for dinner Friday? SmartShopper Avocado Toast: My new favorite recipe SmartShopper Memorial Day Sales through Swagbucks Out and About Plan to park and walk to WRAL Freedom Balloon Fest @NCCapitol Cooper again challenges lawmakers over appointment powers WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising WRAL Digital Solutions Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Stay Connected Widgetized Section Go to Admin » Appearance » Widgets » and move Gabfire Widget: Social into that MastheadOverlay zone News Video Obituaries Opinion Editorial Brenda Adams Melinda Williams Janet Hanks Lloyd Mathews Letters to the Editor Sports Lifestyles Weddings Engagements Classifieds NIE Resource E-Edition PC Library Archive Advertisers Subscribe Staff About Us Missing Paper Submit Ideas Subscriber E-Access Outdoors Shoplifter admits being ‘caught red handed’ By MELINDA WILLIAMS melinda@southwesttimes.com  A Christiansburg man arrested for shoplifting at the Dublin Walmart a year ago didn’t try to convince authorities he was innocent at the time of his arrest, a prosecutor says. Assistant Commonwealth’s Attorney Travis Epes says 70-year-old Larry Ray Vincil was arrested June 3 after admitting to taking items from the store without paying for them. Epes said Vincil told an arresting officer, “I’m not going to lie to you. You caught me red-handed,” upon being stopped outside the store that day. He said Vincil and a female were observed by store security putting items inside a tote, then pushing the cart it was in past the checkouts without paying. Continue reading Written by: Editor on May 26, 2017. Comments comments You must be logged in to post a comment Login Latest Comments bugs42 on The Battle of Cloyd’s Farm Part IV Casper on Griffith introduces the Cell Phone Freedom Act Casper on Griffith introduces the Cell Phone Freedom Act Media Gallery News Video Obituaries Opinion Editorial Brenda Adams Melinda Williams Janet Hanks Lloyd Mathews Letters to the Editor Sports Lifestyles Weddings Engagements Classifieds NIE Resource E-Edition PC Library Archive Advertisers Subscribe Staff About Us Missing Paper Submit Ideas Subscriber E-Access Outdoors © 2017, ↑ The Southwest Times Log in- Posts - Add New -
Shopping Jobs Driving Homes Remembering Celebrating Newspapers TV Networks National Post The Province (Vancouver) Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Oddities News Happening Now Local National World Oddities Photo Galleries Weather Business Money Markets Mortgages Sports Hockey NHL Video Highlights Football-CFL Football-NFL Baseball Basketball Winter Sports Golf Racing Soccer Tennis MMA Entertainment Celebrity Music Movies Television Books TV Listings Lifestyle Fashion & Beauty Food Parenting Relationships Astrology Health Diet & Fitness Sexual Health Seniors Family & Child Men Women Travel Destinations Technology Gaming Internet Tech-Biz Space Personal Tech         Recalls this week: ride-on toys, spinner toys, furniture     By The Associated Press May 26, 2017     Several models of battery-operated ride-on toys are being recalled because the acceleration pedal can stick, posing a hazard to children. Other recalled consumer products include lamps with defective switches and wicker furniture with lead paint. Here's a more detailed look: RIDE-ON TOYS DETAILS: Three models of 12-volt battery-operated ride-on toys, including Surge 12V Camo 4X4, Surge 12V XL Quad and Tonka 12V Mighty Dump trucks. The recalled ride-on toys have model numbers and date codes listed in the table below. The model number, batch number, serial number and the date code, formatted as "MMDDYYYY," are printed on a label on the bottom of the ride-on toy. The Surge 12V Camo 4X4 was sold at Walmart nationwide between June 2016 and March 2017, the Surge 12V XL Quad sold at Academy Sports + Outdoors stores nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017, and the Tonka 12-volt Might Dump Truck was sold at Toys R Us stores nationwide and online at ToysRUs.com from July 2016 through November 2016. Details on models and serial numbers can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Dynacraft-Recalls-Ride-On-Toys WHY: The acceleration pedal on the ride-on toys can stick, posing fall and crash hazards. INCIDENTS: 19 reports of pedals sticking, including seven reports of minor injuries, including abrasions, cuts and bruises. HOW MANY: About 20,000. FOR MORE: Call Dynacraft at 800-551-0032 from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. PT Monday through Friday or visit www.dynacraftwheels.com and click on "Product Recalls" at the bottom of the page. SALT ROCK LAMPS DETAILS: Lumière brand Rock Salt Lamps in three styles: Basket of Rocks, Carnival of Lights and Rock of Gibraltar. The lamps are pink in colour and are mounted on a wooden base or in a black metal basket. The lamps were sold in black cardboard boxes with a photo of the lamp on the front of the box and the UPC bar code number on the bottom of the box. Lamps with the following UPC numbers are included in the recall: Rock of Gibraltar Lamp with UPC 00886946056253, Carnival of Lights with UPC 00886946058325 and Basket of Rocks with UPC 00886946056277. They were sold at At Home, Christmas tree shops, Michaels and other stores nationwide from July 2016 through December 2016. WHY: The dimmer switch and/or outlet plug can overheat and ignite, posing shock and fire hazards. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 3,900. Also, 80,000 lamps were previously recalled in January 2017. FOR MORE: Call Sportex at 800-652-3490 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Thursday. LIGHT-UP SPINNER TOYS DETAILS: Children's battery-powered, light-up spinner toys sold in two themes: Easter and July 4th. They were sold at Hobby Lobby and Mardel stores nationwide from February 2017 to April 2017. The Easter-themed toys were sold in blue with a pink bunny on the dome and yellow with a yellow and orange chicken on the dome. The July 4th spinners are red with white stars painted on the blue dome. "Hobby Lobby" and item number 9130033 or 9130082 is printed on the spinner handle. The spinners are powered by three LR44 coin cell batteries. WHY: The battery cover can detach and expose the small coin cell batteries, posing choking and ingestion hazards to young children. INCIDENTS: One report of a 14-month-old child who ingested the battery. An x-ray was conducted and the battery passed through. HOW MANY: About 43,000. FOR MORE: Call Hobby Lobby Stores at 800-326-7931 between 9 a.m. and 6 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, or visit www.hobbylobby.com and click on "Recalls" at the bottom of the page. WICKER FURNITURE DETAILS: The Pier 1 Imports Temani collection, which includes a chair, settee and ottoman. The furniture has a Pier 1 Imports logo on the underside of each chair, settee and ottoman. The recall involves the chair with SKU 2769765, settee with SKU 2860548 and Ottoman with SKU 2769778. They were sold at Pier 1 Imports stores nationwide and at www.Pier1.com from March 2014 to April 2017. WHY: The paint used on the wicker furniture can contain excessive levels of lead, which is a violation of the federal lead paint standard. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 2,500 in the U.S. and about 75 sold in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Pier 1 Imports at 855-513-5140 from 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. CT Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. CT Saturday, or 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. CT Sunday or visit www.Pier1.com and click on "Product Notes & Recalls" at the bottom of the page. WALL SCONCES DETAILS: Rejuvenation Cypress and Imbrie model articulated wall sconces. The wall sconces have articulating jointed arms and adjustable shades in various colours and finishes. They were sold in plug-in (also called pin-up) and hard wired versions. Each sconce has a label located inside the canopy of the sconce that contains the SKU number, configuration ID, manufacturing date and production order number. The following SKU numbers are included in the recall and are printed on the production label: A1327, A1328, A1329, A1330, A1331, A1332, A9591, A9592, A9593, A9594, A9595, A9596, A3621, A3622, A3625, A3626, A3623, A3624. They were sold at Rejuvenation stores nationwide from September 2016 through March 2017. WHY: The joint of the articulating arm can pinch or cut the electrical wire causing it to fray, posing a shock hazard. INCIDENTS: Four reports of the wires of the sconces being pinched or fraying. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 1,055. FOR MORE: Call Rejuvenation at 855-347-2143 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to customerservice@rejuvenation.com or visit www.rejuvenation.com and click on "Safety Recalls" at the bottom of the page. OFFICE CHAIRS DETAILS: This recall involves office chairs with a Leggett & Platt Office Components LP01 synchro slider mechanism. The slider mechanism allows the user to adjust the seat depth. They were sold at Costco, OfficeMax, Office Depot, Staples and other furniture stores nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Costco.com, OfficeDepot.com, Staples.com, Walmart.com and other online stores from July 2015 through February 2017. The sliders were sold on five brands of office chairs: Hon, Hugg, JSI, Sitmatic and Via Seating. More details can be found at https://www.cpsc.gov/Recalls/2017/Office-Chairs-Recalled-by-Leggett-Platt-Office-Components . WHY: Seat slider bolts and push nuts can disconnect and fall from the chair, which could cause the seat to detach from the chair, posing a fall hazard to consumers. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 47,900 in the U.S. and about 1,000 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Leggett & Platt at 844-516-3615 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to LP01service@leggett.com or visit www.lpworkfurniture.com and click on "Product Recall" at the top of the page. DIGITAL CLAMP METERS DETAILS: Extech digital clamp meters with model numbers EX650, EX655, MA160, MA61, and MA63. These models are all AC/DC clamp meters, which are electrical testing devices that measure AC/DC voltage, resistance, capacitance, frequency, temperature, continuity, and diode. Serial numbers in the following format are included in the recall: R15XXXXXXX to R17XXXXXXX. The "EXTECH" logo and the model number are printed on the front of the unit and the serial number on the back. They were sold at Grainger, Platt Electric Supply stores and industrial and electrical distributors and wholesalers nationwide and online at Amazon.com and other websites from January 2016 through April 2017. WHY: The meters can fail to give an accurate voltage reading, resulting in the operator falsely believing the electrical power is low or off, posing an electrocution hazard. INCIDENTS: Two reports of clamp meters displaying an incorrect voltage reading. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: 1,700 in the U.S. and 20 in Canada. FOR MORE: Call Extech at 855-239-8324 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday, send email to meter.recall@extech.com, or visit www.extech.com and click on "Safety Notices" at the bottom of the page. LAWN MOWERS DETAILS: Kobalt and Greenworks brands of cordless electric walk-behind lawn mowers. The recalled lawn mowers have four wheels (two smaller ones in the front and two larger ones in the back), a 40-volt max lithium ion battery and a deck width of 20 inches. Both models have a large label on the rear bag door area with a serial number, model number and date code. The Kobalt brand mowers also have an item number on the label. "Kobalt" or "Greenworks" is printed on the side of the bag. Kobalt model number KM2040X-06 and Greenworks G-Max model number 25302 are included in the recall. They were sold at Lowe's and other retailers nationwide and online at Amazon.com, Lowes.com and other websites from May 2014 through July 2016. WHY: The circuit board in the lawn mower can short circuit and catch fire, posing a fire hazard to users. INCIDENTS: 12 reported incidents with the recalled lawn mowers including 5 reports of fires. No injuries have been reported. HOW MANY: About 28,000. FOR MORE: Call Hongkong Sun Rise Trading at 888-266-7096 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET any day or visit www.greenworkstools.com and click on "Important Safety Notice" at the bottom of the page.       E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article           Story Tools   E-mail this Article Print this Article Share this Article   Font: * * * * *   Image: * * * *     Related Topics   business The Canadian Press 2017         Business Videos         Most Popular canada.com E-mailed Shared     Sponsored By           FP Business Wire »   FP Business Wire   BWXT Joint Venture Awarded $1.5 Billion Environmental Management Contract Security Devices International Announces Share Issuance AECOM announces launch of exchange offer for $1 billion aggregate principal amount of its 5.125% Senior Notes due 2027           News Business Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Health Travel Technology Don't Miss: Happening Now Video Centre Live chats Blogs on canada.com canada.com on Facebook Most Popular Formats Sitemap / RSS Contests Blogs Photo Galleries Videos Canada.com About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us FAQs Tools Canada.com Search for a Job Buy / Sell a Car Infomart Place a Classified Ad Newsletters and Alerts Flyercity.ca About canada.com | Privacy Statement | Terms | Copyright & Permissions © 2010-2017 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
Follow @RollingStone Inside Cherokee Lawsuit to Fight Opioid Epidemic News Video Music Politics TV Movies Sports Gaming RS Country More News Video Music Politics TV Movies Sports Gaming RS Country Lists Culture Galleries Long Reads Interviews Artists Album Reviews Ram Report Movie Reviews Coverwall Live Reviews 50th Anniversary Podcasts Subscribe Trending Chris Cornell Laid to Rest at Private Los Angeles... 17 Reasons This 'Rhiannon' Clip Is the Coolest Thing... Taibbi: The Democrats Need a New Message Review: The Beatles' 'Sgt. Pepper's' Anniversary... Inside Cherokee Lawsuit to Fight Opioid Epidemic Cherokee Nation in Oklahoma is suing distributors and pharmacies who handle opioids, alleging they ignored "red flags" of falsified prescriptions "We just kinda had to step back and say, 'How do we make it stop?'" says one lawyer for the Cherokee Nation. Credit: Backyard Productions/Alamy By Melissa Locker 15 hours ago More News Trump Administration to Effectively Kill Office Fighting Opioid Epidemic Watch John Oliver Rail on Big Pharma for Enabling Opioid Addiction How Medical Marijuana Could Help End the Opioid Epidemic All Stories The Cherokee Nation, like much of the United States, is suffering from an opioid epidemic. "For months and years, we have seen the effects of the opioid abuse in every aspect of our government and society," says Todd Hembree attorney general for the Cherokee Nation. "We see it in outright death in Cherokee citizens." Related Trump's Budget Could Accelerate the Opioid Crisis Presidential budget released this week proposes slashing Medicaid by as much as $1.4 trillion Hembree and the Cherokee Nation knew they needed to do something to curb the tide of opioids into their community in Oklahoma, home to 177,000 tribal members. The state leads the nation in opioid abuse, but they knew arresting drug users wasn't going to help and they didn't have the resources to track down every doctor who wrote a questionable prescription for oxycodone or every poor patient who sold their stash. So they decided to aim their resources where they thought it would be most effective. "We just kinda had to step back and say, 'How do we make it stop?' We became aware that other states were bringing this type of lawsuit," he says, referring to West Virginia and Illinois, among others. "We sat around our conference table and said, 'Well, if states can bring it, why can't the Cherokee Nation?'" Now, the Cherokee Nation is suing top drug distributors and pharmacies alleging that the corporations are profiting by not doing enough to stem the tide of highly addictive and deadly painkillers into the Cherokee community in Oklahoma. Walgreens, CVS Health, and Walmart are all named in the suit, along with the nation's three largest pharmaceutical distributors: AmerisourceBergen, McKesson, and Cardinal Health.  "The distributors that we've named in this complaint, distribute close to 90 percent of the opioids in this country," says Richard Fields, one of the attorneys working with the Cherokee Nation. "The pharmacy chains have over 80 percent of the market share." The lawsuit, which was filed in April, is in some ways a last ditch effort to force the hands of companies who many see as responsible for the growing opioid epidemic. In 2015, it was estimated that two million people in the United States suffered from addictions to prescription opioid pain relievers. Among those, Native American have the highest rate of substance abuse and drug-induced deaths in the country. The Cherokee Nation's lawsuit estimates opioid abuse led to over 350 deaths within the Cherokee Nation between 2003 and 2014, which is the reason they were forced to act. As Hembree describes it, the lawsuit is meant to work in two ways: reimbursement and discouragement. They hope the companies will reimburse them for the costs associated with a drug epidemic, including increased law enforcement costs and money they've spent on child welfare cases. "Every life flight that we have to take to save an addicted child or treat an overdose, that's a cancer treatment that we don't have money for. That's diabetes treatment that we don't have money for," says Hembree. "You don't have to be addicted to opioids to be harmed by this. The resources of the Cherokee Nation are being spent on this crisis that otherwise should be spent on our ordinary, everyday healthcare needs which are very significant." Perhaps more important, Hembree hopes the lawsuit will encourage the pharmacies and manufacturers to change their behavior and help stem the tide of opioids into the Cherokee Nation. According to attorney Bill Ohlemeyer, another member of the Cherokee Nation legal team, it's a relatively simple problem. "The more you learn about how controlled substances like this are supposed to be distributed, the more you realize that there is a very simple cause to all this and that is the oversupply of these drug," he says. "When you look at statistics, you see how many of these drugs end up in places where it doesn't make sense, in quantities that are orders of magnitude greater than any legitimate purpose. You start asking yourself, 'How does that happen?'" Ohlemeyer argues that it amounts to over-supplying drugs that are meant to be extremely limited in supply. To that end, the lawsuit alleges that the pharmacies and manufacturers aren't living up to their legal duty. If they did, Ohlemeyer says, there would not be such a large-scale problem. "We want them to follow the federal law, the Controlled Substance Act and put in those practices that they're already supposed to do," says Hembree. "I've been Attorney General for six years and there's usually two ways that you can change someone's behavior. Number one is to put them in jail. Number two is to hit them economically hard enough. Well, I don't have the authority to put them in jail, but we have calculated the damages as to these defendants that we will get their attention enough, that they will comply with the law and put in those best practices that will stem this flood of opioids that is going into northeastern Oklahoma, or to the Cherokee Nation." Of course, the pharmacies and manufacturers already believe they are living up to their obligations under the law. "CVS Health is committed to the highest standards of ethics and business practices, including complying with all federal and state laws ... and is dedicated to reducing prescription drug abuse and diversion," CVS Health spokesperson Michael DeAngelis said in an email. "We also have stringent policies, procedures and tools to ensure that our pharmacists properly exercise their corresponding responsibility to determine whether a controlled substance prescription was issued for a legitimate medical purpose before filling it." Courtney Tobin, a spokesperson for Cardinal Health, issued a similar statement, adding that the lawsuit mischaracterized the facts and misunderstood the law. "Cardinal Health is confident that the facts and the law are on our side, and we intend to vigorously defend ourselves," Tobin wrote. "We believe these lawsuits do not advance the hard work needed to solve the opioid abuse crisis – an epidemic driven by addiction, demand and the diversion of medications for illegitimate use." (AmerisourceBergen declined to comment, and Walmart, Walgreens and McKesson did not respond to interview requests.) Ohlemeyer expected the plaintiffs to say as much. "They're going to say that they do everything they can to comply with the rules and regulations, but the facts will prove otherwise," he says. Fields agrees that the problem goes far beyond just the letter of the law. "If you have a patient that's getting too many scripts, or if you have a drug dealer who's falsifying scripts, buying scripts from a doctor, that's going to be visible to everybody in the system and filling those scripts is illegal," he explained. "I think you'll see as this story develops over the next several months, that some of the behavior that some of the pharmacies have engaged in is just completely outrageous. Because it's not complicated, right? When somebody comes in the store with scripts from 5 different doctors in 3 different states and a bag of cash and says, "Fill these." And that happens it doesn't take a brain surgeon to know that that's a violation of the Controlled Substance Act." Now it's up to the courts to decide whether or not the pharmacies and manufacturers are living up to their obligations under the law. While President Trump campaigned on the promise of curbing the opioid epidemic that is ravaging parts of the nation, his new budget slashes Medicaid, the program that treats about 30 percent of opioid and heroin addicts in the nation. As states and tribes reel with the emotional and financial impact of the opioid crisis, lawsuits may prove to be their best bet at recouping some of their losses. The financial ones, anyway.  More News Trump Administration to Effectively Kill Office Fighting Opioid Epidemic Watch John Oliver Rail on Big Pharma for Enabling Opioid Addiction How Medical Marijuana Could Help End the Opioid Epidemic All Stories Topics: Donald Trump Walmart Opioid Epidemic Don’t Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive breaking news directly in your inbox. Please enable javascript to sign up for the newsletter. We may use your e-mail address to send you the newsletter and offers that may interest you, on behalf of Rolling Stone and its partners. For more information please read our Privacy Policy How we use your email address Trending Ranked on a scale from 1 to 10, the trending score reflects the number of users reading a story in real time. What is this? Chris Cornell Laid to Rest at Private Los... 9.5 17 Reasons This 'Rhiannon' Clip Is the... 8.4 Taibbi: The Democrats Need a New Message 7.7 Review: The Beatles' 'Sgt. Pepper's'... 6.6 Dirty Dancing: 10 Most WTF Moments from ABC's... 6.0 © Rolling Stone 2017 Digital Edition Subscribe Give a Gift Coverwall Contact Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Your Ad Choices Terms of Use Customer Service Advertise Sitemap
null
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Investment into pharmacy joint venture Press Release 26 May 2017   Myanmar Investments International Limited   Investment into pharmacy joint venture   Further to the announcement made on 10 April 2017, Myanmar Investments International Limited [AIM: MIL] („MIL” or the „Company”), the AIM-quoted, Myanmar focused investment company with existing investments in the telecom and microfinance sectors and a well-developed pipeline of opportunities, today announces that it has entered into formal agreements to set up a pharmacy, healthcare, and personal care product joint venture in Myanmar.    The two joint venture partners are an experienced retail group that currently runs over 55 pharmacy, health and beauty outlets in a neighbouring Asian country; with the second partner being an industry veteran with significant experience leading Asian-based retail concepts including Wal-Mart in Korea and India, VinMart in Vietnam and Reliance Markets in India.   McKinsey has predicted that the middle and affluent classes in Myanmar are set to boom in the coming years, with the segment growing to 19 million people by 2030 and tripling consumer spending from US$35 billion to US$100 billion. Given this expected rapid rise in consumer spending, MIL is excited at the prospects for this joint venture.   MIL has invested US$495,000 and holds a 45% stake in the new joint venture. The Company has not committed to, but expects to, invest further capital in the business over the next few years as it expands.   Aung Htun, MIL’s Managing Director said, „We are very pleased to have been able to form a joint venture with such experienced partners and in such a dynamic sector. This investment also serves as evidence that our execution is on track as we broaden the spectrum of our businesses in Myanmar.”   –  Ends  –   For further information please contact:   Aung Htun Managing Director Myanmar Investments International Ltd +95 (0) 1 391 804 +95 (0) 94 0160 0501 aunghtun@myanmarinvestments.com   Michael Dean Finance Director Myanmar Investments International Ltd +95 (0) 1 391 804 +95 (0) 94 2006 4957 mikedean@myanmarinvestments.com   Nominated Adviser Philip Secrett / Jamie Barklem/ Carolyn Sansom Grant Thornton UK LLP +44 (0) 20 7383 5100   Broker Andrew Pinder / David Herring Alistair Roberts (Hong Kong) Investec Bank plc +44 (0) 20 7597 4000   Public Relations Julian Bosdet / Dr. Jenny Lee / Alejandra Campuzano Abchurch Communications +44 (0) 20 7398 7741      Notes to Editors: Myanmar Investments International Limited (AIM: MIL) is the first Myanmar-focused investment company to be admitted to trading on the AIM market of the London Stock Exchange.  MIL was established in 2013 with the intention of building long term shareholder value by proactively investing in a diversified portfolio of Myanmar businesses that will benefit from the country’s re-emergence and ongoing economic development. The Company is led by an experienced and entrepreneurial team who between them have considerable industrial, corporate and financial management experience. MIL aims to identify investments with strong growth which if necessary can be „de-risked” through the introduction of experienced senior line-management, mentors and / or strategic partners sourced by MIL’s management board.  The Company’s main focus is on opportunities that are experiencing acute supply and demand imbalances, such as within the consumer and capacity-constrained sectors.  With its strong proprietary investment pipeline of deals, MIL provides investors with a highly disciplined and conservative investment process into one of the most promising growth opportunities of this era. MIL’s largest investment (US$21m cost for a 9.3% shareholding) is in Apollo Towers, one of Myanmar’s top telecom towers companies with 1,800 towers. Apollo operates in the high growth telecom sector with a strong management that is growing the number of co-locations (ie multiple tenancies) on its portfolio of towers. In June 2016, the US Government’s Overseas Private Investment Corporation („OPIC”) provided a US$250m debt facility to Apollo Towers. MIL’s first investment in August 2014 was into Myanmar Finance International Limited („MFIL”) which today is one of the top 10 microfinance companies in Myanmar. Since MIL invested, MFIL’s business has expanded rapidly; its loan portfolio has a CAGR of 148% since investment. The business is profitable with zero NPLs and a sustainable expansion plan for long term growth. In November 2015, the Norwegian Government’s Norwegian Investment Fund for Developing Countries („Norfund”), the Norwegian development finance institution, also became a 25% shareholder in MFIL. Myanmar, a country of approximately 51.4 million people and roughly the size of France, has been isolated for much of the last 50 years.  Once it was one of the more prosperous countries in Southeast Asia as it has an abundance of natural resources (oil, natural gas, arable land, tourist attractions and a long coastline), it is now one of the least developed countries in the world. The country has undergone an unprecedented and peaceful transformational reform process, initiated by U Thein Sein’s Administration in 2011. This is now continuing under the elected civilian administration led by Daw Aung San Suu Kyi which came to power in April 2016 as a result of the first democratic elections in 50 years.  While the process is still evolving, the new government has broad support and significant progress has been made to the economic prospects of the country.  In October 2016, the United States government lifted all remaining sanctions against Myanmar and re-admitted the country into its preferred tariff system.   For more information about MIL, please visit www.myanmarinvestments.com.   MMK 1,362  = US$1 (as at 31 March 2017) CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious FMI Releases New Report on the Security Testing Market 2016-2026 Next PostNext New Cinnabon Bakery to Open in PHILADELPHIA MILLS Search Recent Posts Manuzapp Timbralo 1.0 for iOS 10 Messages Now Available Offline Learn Japanese Language 1.1 for iOS – Expand Your Vocabulary Red flags hoisted at some beaches Red flag hoisted at Clear Water Bay First Beach Nerve Repair and Regeneration Market Expected to Reach $13,938 Million, Globally, by 2023 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content Home Subscribe Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires Breitbart London Breitbart Jerusalem Breitbart Texas Breitbart California STORE Facebook Twitter RSS Virtual Fidget Spinner Rockets to the Top of iOS App Charts by Nate Church25 May 20170 25 May, 2017 25 May, 2017 SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Fidget spinners, the heir apparent to fad toys like Pogs, Tamagotchi, and Furby, is now also dominating the digital realm, becoming the most-downloaded free iOS app. Whether or not it has anything to do with treating ADHD or autism, this newest fad has definitely proved therapeutic for toy companies across the country. Fidget spinners are dominating sales on Amazon and now feature everywhere from Walmart to 7-11. Now, Ketchapp’s appropriately titled Fidget Spinner is the most popular free addition to the Apple iTunes marketplace. Players have five chances to give their virtual spinner an exceptionally healthy swipe, in an attempt to achieve the highest possible number of spins. Better spins offer more coins, which can be used to buy — you guessed it — more spins. Players can also unlock different spinners and stickers to customize their digital fidget toys. Spinning ad-free will cost you $1.99. Meanwhile, real fidget spinners can range from about $5 all the way up to $700. Follow Nate Church @Get2Church on Twitter for the latest news in gaming and technology, and snarky opinions on both. Read More Stories About: Tech, Apple, fidget spinners, video games Comment count on this article reflects comments made on Breitbart.com and Facebook. Visit Breitbart's Facebook Page. BREITBART CONNECT Sign Up For Our Newsletter MOST POPULAR Gary Cohn Relaunches War on Coal: Fuel from America’s Heartland ‘Doesn’t Make Much Sense Anymore’0 comments - 6 hours ago Top Five Media-Generated Non-Stories from Trump’s Foreign Trip0 comments - 3 hours ago Exclusive — Rand Paul: Paris Climate Deal Would Kill 6 Million American Jobs0 comments - 10 hours ago Greg Gianforte Stuns Media, Democrats in Montana House Win0 comments - 1 day ago Gary Cohn: Donald Trump’s ‘Views Are Evolving’ on Paris Climate Change Agreement0 comments - 13 hours ago WaPo: Jared Kushner Now a ‘Focus’ in Russia Investigation0 comments - 1 day ago 7 Virtue-Signaling Celebrities Silent on Massacre of Coptic Christians0 comments - 11 hours ago Reports of ‘Explosion’ At Manchester Ariana Grande Gig0 comments - 4 days ago At G7, Trump Diverts Agenda Away from Climate and Toward Islamist Terrorism0 comments - 17 hours ago Reports: Prominent Democratic Leader, Bill de Blasio Staffer Arrested on Child Pornography Charges0 comments - 4 hours ago All About Lavar Ball Douglas Murray Fewer Guns Equal More Crime FROM THE HOMEPAGE Top Five Media-Generated Non-Stories from Trump’s Foreign Trip0 Comments The Nuclear Option — Latest Scandal: Naughty Trump Says ‘Islamic Terror’0 Comments John Boehner: Apart from Foreign Policy, Trump Presidency a ‘Complete Disaster’0 Comments Gary Cohn Relaunches War on Coal: Fuel from America’s Heartland ‘Doesn’t Make Much Sense Anymore’0 Comments Cohn: Trump Becoming “Smarter,’ ‘More Knowledgeable’ on Climate Change0 Comments Exclusive — Rand Paul: Paris Climate Deal Would Kill 6 Million American Jobs0 Comments Reports: Prominent Democratic Leader, Bill de Blasio Staffer Arrested on Child Pornography Charges0 Comments More Obama Holdovers Flushed Out of Jeff Sessions’ Justice Department0 Comments Survey Shows Social Isolation, Sexual Rejection, but Much Sympathy for Transgender Americans0 Comments Politico: Trump ‘Was an Asset, Not a Drag’ for Greg Gianforte in Montana House Race0 Comments Axios: Steve Bannon, Kushner, Priebus United to Fight Deep State Sabotage0 Comments Refugee Arrivals Decline Sharply under Trump, Says Report0 Comments Send A Tip Send A Tip advertisement Copyright © 2017 Breitbart Advertise With Us EXPLORE BREITBART Big Government Big Journalism Big Hollywood National Security Tech Video Sports The Wires London Jerusalem Texas California The Conversation Privacy Policy Terms of Use Breitbart Jobs Connect Facebook Twitter RSS Send us a tip SUBSCRIBE TO THE BREITBART NEWSLETTERSwitch to Full Site Copyright © 2017 Breitbart
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Vigilant Personal Protection Introduces Tripwire Perimeter Alarm Kit For Camping, Outdoor Sports, Survival or Bug Out The Vigilant PPS-17Trip kit includes a 130dB trip wire alarm with 100 meters of trip wire with line cutter and pre-loaded batteries TAMPA, FL, UNITED STATES, May 26, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — The PPS-17Trip is a special version Vigilant alarm designed as a trip wire perimeter protection alarm. It is extremely light weight, loud, and grenade pin activated. The conventional use of a trip wire alarm consists of a wire stretched across a path. Once someone or something trips over the wire it triggers an alarm that alerts you of a movement of your trip wire. Whether it is to secure the perimeter of your campsite, your bug out location or any other location, the trip wire alarm is designed to alert you to intruders. The Vigilant PPS-17Trip is available for $24.99 on Amazon.com, Walmart.com, eBay.com, Sears.com, and directly from Vigilant at VigilantPPS.com Kit includes : 130dB trip wire alarm (Oxford Tan color) Batteries included, preloaded and user replaceable (LR44) 100 meters of 4 strand trip wire, olivine green with line cutter The PPS-17Trip features a Vigilant 130dB grenade style pin activated trip wire alarm. To turn on the alarm manually, pull the grenade style pin from the bottom of the alarm. Be prepared to replace the pin to silence the alarm again. The alarm itself weighs under an ounce preloaded with the batteries, making it light enough to be suspended mid-air by your trip wire. Please visit www.VigilantPPS.com for additional information and specifications on the Vigilant Trip Wire Personal Protection Alarm. About Vigilant Personal Protection Systems Vigilant Personal Protection Systems are the No. 1 best selling personal alarms in the United States. Vigilant also manufactures the Mace brand of personal alarms under license from Mace Security International. David Happe Robinhood Digital LLC 7278775157 email us here Vigilant PPS-17Trip Trip Wire Kit [embedded content] CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund, Inc. Announces Payment Of Monthly Distribution Next PostNext MagneGas Updates Client Growth Success Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Vigilant Personal Protection Introduces Tripwire Perimeter Alarm Kit For Camping, Outdoor Sports, Survival or Bug Out The Vigilant PPS-17Trip kit includes a 130dB trip wire alarm with 100 meters of trip wire with line cutter and pre-loaded batteries TAMPA, FL, UNITED STATES, May 26, 2017 /EINPresswire.com/ — The PPS-17Trip is a special version Vigilant alarm designed as a trip wire perimeter protection alarm. It is extremely light weight, loud, and grenade pin activated. The conventional use of a trip wire alarm consists of a wire stretched across a path. Once someone or something trips over the wire it triggers an alarm that alerts you of a movement of your trip wire. Whether it is to secure the perimeter of your campsite, your bug out location or any other location, the trip wire alarm is designed to alert you to intruders. The Vigilant PPS-17Trip is available for $24.99 on Amazon.com, Walmart.com, eBay.com, Sears.com, and directly from Vigilant at VigilantPPS.com Kit includes : 130dB trip wire alarm (Oxford Tan color) Batteries included, preloaded and user replaceable (LR44) 100 meters of 4 strand trip wire, olivine green with line cutter The PPS-17Trip features a Vigilant 130dB grenade style pin activated trip wire alarm. To turn on the alarm manually, pull the grenade style pin from the bottom of the alarm. Be prepared to replace the pin to silence the alarm again. The alarm itself weighs under an ounce preloaded with the batteries, making it light enough to be suspended mid-air by your trip wire. Please visit www.VigilantPPS.com for additional information and specifications on the Vigilant Trip Wire Personal Protection Alarm. About Vigilant Personal Protection Systems Vigilant Personal Protection Systems are the No. 1 best selling personal alarms in the United States. Vigilant also manufactures the Mace brand of personal alarms under license from Mace Security International. David Happe Robinhood Digital LLC 7278775157 email us here Vigilant PPS-17Trip Trip Wire Kit [embedded content] CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Aberdeen Asia-Pacific Income Fund, Inc. Announces Payment Of Monthly Distribution Next PostNext MagneGas Updates Client Growth Success Search Recent Posts Nyls’ surprise return with ”Rise”, the first single of his first Greatest Hits, ”Golden”. Dr. Deb Peretz To Launch New Free High Impact Teaching For Entrepreneurs International Summit Dr Warren Taff New Medical Director for Turning Point Treatment Center, Inc. Coralie Kenny selected as Top Attorney of the Year by the International Association of Top Professionals (IAOTP). Once again, Bellmoore Realty LLC sponsors Shaver Elementary School fishing field trip Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Disruptor 50 Modern Medicine Portfolio Perspective College Game Plan Investing in: Israel Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × CEOs The highest paid CEOs by state 18 Hours AgoThe Associated Press SHARES Justin Solomon | CNBC David Zaslav, president and chief executive officer of Discovery Communications. Here are the top-paid CEOs by state for 2016, as calculated by The Associated Press and Equilar, an executive data firm. The survey considered only publicly traded companies with more than $1 billion in revenue that filed their proxy statements with federal regulators between Jan. 1 and May 1. It includes CEOs who have been in place for at least two years. Not every state had a publicly traded company headquartered there that was large enough to be included. To calculate CEO pay, Equilar adds salary, bonus, stock awards, stock option awards, deferred compensation and other components that include benefits and perks. The typical CEO in the Standard & Poor's 500 index made $11.5 million last year. Alabama: Grayson Hall, Regions Financial, $8 million Arizona: Richard C. Adkerson, Freeport-McMoRan, $14 million Arkansas: Doug McMillon, Wal-Mart Stores, $22.4 million California: Robert A. Iger, Walt Disney, $41 million Colorado: Greg Maffei, Liberty Media and Liberty Interactive, $30.2 million Connecticut: Tom Rutledge, Charter Communications, $98 million Delaware: Hervé Hoppenot, Incyte, $11.8 million Florida: Brian Jellison, Roper Technologies, $26.3 million Georgia: Ron Clarke, Fleetcor Technologies, $21.7 million Hawaii: Matt Cox, Matson, $3.9 million Idaho: Darrel Anderson, IDACORP, $3.5 million Illinois: Richard A. Gonzalez, AbbVie, $18 million Indiana: Joseph Swedish, Anthem, $16.5 million Iowa: Stan Askren, HNI, $5.9 million Kansas: Michael J. Brown, Euronet Worldwide, $6.4 million Kentucky: Greg Creed, Yum Brands, $15.4 million Louisiana: Glen F. Post III, CenturyLink, $13.6 million Maine: Jonathan Ayers, IDEXX Laboratories, $5.9 million Maryland: David Zaslav, Discovery Communications, $37.2 million Massachusetts: Jeffrey R. Immelt, General Electric, $18 million Michigan: Mary Barra, General Motors, $22.4 million Minnesota: Stephen J. Hemsley, UnitedHealth Group, $15.7 million Mississippi: Joe F. Sanderson Jr., Sanderson Farms, $3.8 million Missouri: Michael F. Neidorff, Centene Corp., $22 million Nebraska: Fredric J. Tomczyk, TD Ameritrade Holding, $11.4 million (Tomczyk retired in September.) Nevada: Stephen A. Wynn, Wynn Resorts, $28.2 million New Hampshire: Tim McGrath, PC Connection, $3.9 million New Jersey: Alex Gorsky, Johnson & Johnson, $21.9 million New Mexico: Pat Vincent-Collawn, PNM Resources, $4 million New York: Leslie Moonves, CBS, $68.6 million North Carolina: Brian Moynihan, Bank of America, $15.5 million North Dakota: David L. Goodin, MDU Resources Group, $3.3 million Ohio: W. Nicholas Howley, TransDigm Group, $18.7 million Oklahoma: Doug Lawler, Chesapeake Energy, $15.3 million Oregon: Andrew C. Teich, FLIR Systems, $5.1 million (Teich is retiring in June.) Pennsylvania: Brian L. Roberts, Comcast, $33 million Rhode Island: Larry Merlo, CVS Health, $18.4 million South Carolina: John D. Williams, Domtar, $7.2 million South Dakota: David R. Emery, Black Hills, $4.1 million Tennessee: Kenneth W. Lowe, Scripps Networks Interactive, $26.8 million Texas: Randall Stephenson, AT&T, $25.3 million Utah: Truman Hunt, Nu Skin Enterprises, $10.3 million (Hunt stepped down as CEO in March.) Virginia: Marty Barrington, Altria Group, $24.2 million Washington, D.C.: Thomas P. Joyce Jr. Danaher, $13 million Washington: Howard Schultz, Starbucks, $21.8 million (Schultz stepped down as CEO in April.) Wisconsin: Jeffery Yabuki, Fiserv, $21.2 million Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change GM --- WMT --- DIS --- CHTR --- JNJ --- S&P 500 ---
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Orlando Traffic 70-year-old man dead after crashing in Wal-Mart parking lot, troopers say     Christal Hayes Contact Reporter Privacy Policy A 70-year-old Kissimmee man is dead after crashing into a tree Thursday afternoon in Osceola County, according to the Florida Highway Patrol. The man, whose name was not released, was driving about 4:40 p.m. in a Wal-Mart parking lot along Cypress Parkway near Poinciana when troopers say they believe he had a medical episode. He hit a curb and kept driving at a low speed, hitting a tree, highway patrol Sgt. Kim Montes said. He was taken to a local hospital where he was pronounced dead. Troopers are continuing to investigate the wreck. chayes@orlandosentinel.com, 407-420-5493 or Twitter: @journo_christal Caption Plans are in the works to extend state road 408 and insert toll lanes on state road 50, leading into east Orange County. Plans are in the works to extend state road 408 and insert toll lanes on state road 50, leading into east Orange County. Caption Plans are in the works to extend state road 408 and insert toll lanes on state road 50, leading into east Orange County. Plans are in the works to extend state road 408 and insert toll lanes on state road 50, leading into east Orange County. Caption Emergency crews were called after a crate carrying watermelons fell onto Interstate 4 in downtown Orlando. Emergency crews were called after a crate carrying watermelons fell onto Interstate 4 in downtown Orlando. Caption Orlando airport's new train station will have to wait years for SunRail, Brightline and Maglev trains. Orlando airport's new train station will have to wait years for SunRail, Brightline and Maglev trains. Caption Just how Uber and Lyft changed the way people drive around Central Florida, a new online platform is changing how boaters navigate through local waters. Just how Uber and Lyft changed the way people drive around Central Florida, a new online platform is changing how boaters navigate through local waters. Caption Orange Commissioner Jennifer Thompson opposes an Osceola Road that would cross Split Oak forest. She wants public input on the issue. Orange Commissioner Jennifer Thompson opposes an Osceola Road that would cross Split Oak forest. She wants public input on the issue. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Osceola County Florida Highway Patrol News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 71°
Radar Home Breaking News Featured Photos Viral Videos Kardashian Khronicles Reality TV Scandals Weird But True Little People, Big Loss ‘Little People’ Star Molly Roloff’s Top-Secret Wedding Details Revealed!5 mins ago 'Little People' Tragedy! Roloff Family Suffers Devastating Loss: 'He's Dying'2 days ago Who Needs Matt? 'Little People's Amy Roloff & Boyfriend Chris Celebrate Anniversary1 week ago Amy Roloff Shares Sexy Sleepover With Boyfriend Chris In Mountain Cabin!2 weeks ago Revenge! Jacob Roloff Launches Web Series After Slamming Family’s Reality Show2 weeks ago Steve Harvey Steve Harvey Moves To L.A. – And Employees Couldn’t Be Happier!2 days ago Steve Harvey Sued For 'Soul Murdering' Ex-Wife7 days ago The Final Insult: Fired Steve Harvey Staff Members Uninvited From Season Wrap Party2 weeks ago NOT Sorry! Steve Harvey Refuses To Apologize For Cruel Rant To Staff2 weeks ago Steve Harvey To Ellen: It's On!2 weeks ago Jenelle Evans Custody Fight Jenelle’s Custody War: Evans' Mom 'Glad' They Avoided A Messy Trial14 hours ago Jenelle’s Heartbreak: Evans Loses Custody War With Her Mom2 days ago Jenelle’s Ugly Custody Court Fight CAUGHT On Camera2 days ago 7Child Abuse? Nathan Threatens Jenelle Over Bruises On Kaiser!4 days ago - 7 photos Prostitution Scandal! ‘Teen Mom’ Star Arrested For Soliciting Sex For Cash7 days ago EMAIL US A TIP Search EMAIL US A TIP FacebookTwitter Name Email Phone Your Tip send Yes, please sign me up to receive The Daily Juice Privacy Policy send EXCLUSIVE Aaron Rodgers Still Dating ‘Baywatch’ Babe Kelly Rohrbach She's been linked to another man, but they are keeping things casual! By Radar Staff Posted on May 26, 2017 @ 6:54AM Aaron Rodgers and Baywatch actress Kelly Rohrbach are still going strong, RadarOnline.com has learned. The pair were first photographed together on April 28, golfing and holding hands in California. Only a few weeks after that, Rohrbach was linked to Walmart billionaire Steuart Walton. But an insider told Radar that Rodgers hasn’t been dumped. PHOTOS: JoJo Fletcher & New Fiancé Jordan Rodgers Make Their Debut On ‘GMA’ “He and Kelly have and continued to date,” an insider told Radar. “They are keeping things light, but are still seeing each other.” As Radar previously reported the avid golfers were spotted together back in February at the Pebble Beach Pro Am, before he and Olivia Munn were officially split. After Rodgers broke up with the actress in April, he and Rohrbach went public. PHOTOS: JoJo Fletcher’s Final Two Men Jordan Rodgers & Robby Hayes’ Darkest Secrets REVEALED Nevertheless, the source said Rodgers, 33, is still healing after his breakup from Munn, 36. “Olivia was just dragging him down like an anchor,” the source claimed, referencing reports that she was at the center of a feud with his estranged family. Now, “He is working on repairing his relationship with his family,” the source said. “Things are really looking up for him now.” Story developing. We pay for juicy info! Do you have a story for RadarOnline.com? Email us at tips@radaronline.com, or call us at 800-344-9598 any time, day or night. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Share Aaron Rodgers Kelly Rohrbach Olivia Munn Comments 100 Hot Photos Very Important Photos: Here’s Who We Spotted Out And About In The Last 24 Hours Radar's Free Newsletter TheDailyJuice Thank you for subscribing! DBU Article © 2017 Radar Online, LLC Powered by BS AdvertisersPrivacy PolicyTerms of Use
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Miracle Skin Cream Nets Biggest Deal in Shark Tank History Home | Politics Tags: Trump Administration | scarborough | GOP | lies Scarborough: GOP 'Going Straight to Hell Politically' Over 'Lies' (MSNBC/"Morning Joe") By Sandy Fitzgerald   |   Friday, 26 May 2017 07:19 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    MSNBC's "Morning Joe" host Joe Scarborough Friday declared his Republican Party is "going straight to hell politically" over the "lies" it has been telling concerning President Donald Trump's budget blueprint and the deep cuts it seeks. "Why do the Republicans keep looking in cameras and lying?" Scarborough, a former GOP congressman from Florida, said while discussing a Thursday argument on Capitol Hill between Sen. Bernie Sanders, I-Vt., and Office of Budget and Management Director Mick Mulvaney. "Who do they think is stupid enough that [they] can't read the numbers in The Wall Street Journal?" On Thursday, Sanders demanded to know why the Trump administration thinks the Walton family, owners of the WalMart empire, need a "$52 billion tax break" that it would receive through the repeal of the estate tax called for in the budget plan. "You're basing that assertion on the only tax deal we have in the budget," Mulvaney replied, asserting that "ordinary people are doing more." "Ordinary people don't have the wealth of $132 billion," Sanders told him. "You're not answering the question. Answer the question. The wealthiest family in America gets a $52 billion tax break as a result of the repeal of the estate tax. Tell the American people why you think that's good when you cut Medicaid and programs for kids." Mulvaney denied the cuts would be to Medicaid, but instead "we're talking about repealing Obamacare." He also disputed a Congressional Budget Office report that said that under the current version of the American Healthcare Act, 23 million people could lose their health insurance by 2026. Scarborough termed Mulvaney's claim on Medicaid, calling it a "certified lie." "You can debate the 23 million number, you really can," Scarborough said. "But $850 billion is real. Those are real cuts. Why does he keep lying?" Further, he slammed people calling the information "fake news." "You can't call this fake news if you're a conservative," he said. "It's very clear you're cutting $850 billion in Medicaid for the poorest of the poor. If you want to do it, embrace it. Don't lie about it. Stop lying about it. We know you're lying about it. We're not stupid, and you Republicans in the House have been lying non-stop about what you're not going to cut and who is not going to lose health coverage." Scarborough continued that lying is a core part of political culture, but that doesn't make it right. "I understand that [President] Donald Trump lies all the time," he said. "And you're thinking he got away with it, right, so you can get away with lying. You can't." He compared the lies to those told by former President Bill Clinton and his wife, Hillary. "Bill Clinton somehow survived being a liar and lying every day," said Scarborough. "Hillary couldn't. You can't. Stop with the coarsening of political culture." Republicans, he continued, have embraced the culture "where the truth means absolutely nothing. Conservative values mean absolutely nothing." He also complained that Republicans are following Trump even if it means turning the United States' back on its traditional allies. "Our traditional allies that have stood by us shoulder to shoulder, bleeding and dying, scaling the cliffs of Normandy to free a continent, that means nothing to these people," said Scarborough. "They will embrace Vladimir Putin and Russia if Donald Trump does. Again, I know Democrats don't like me saying this, but this guy was a Democrat his entire life until he discovered birtherism in 2011 . . .  "Why do you sell your soul, and not just your political soul, you are selling your soul if you just keep lying about things that you know are not true?" Related Stories: Scarborough: Trump Questions on Investigation Status 'Mind-Boggling' Scarborough Compares Trump Remarks to Someone With Dementia © 2017 Newsmax. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Politics MSNBC's "Morning Joe" host Joe Scarborough Friday declared his Republican Party is "going straight to hell politically" over the "lies" it has been telling concerning President Donald Trump's budget blueprint and the deep cuts it seeks. scarborough, GOP, lies 612 Friday, 26 May 2017 07:19 AM 2017-19-26 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics Trump Administration Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like Russian Bankers Sue BuzzFeed Over Unverified Trump Dossier Friday, 26 May 2017 23:00 PM The owners of a Russian bank filed a lawsuit against the online publication BuzzFeed on Friday for publishing an uncorro . . . 22 Candidates Vying for US Rep. Chaffetz's Seat Friday, 26 May 2017 22:48 PM Nearly two dozen candidates are competing for the Utah congressional seat that U.S. Rep. Jason Chaffetz will soon vacate . . . DNC: Trump Must Fire Kushner 'Immediately' Friday, 26 May 2017 22:39 PM The Democratic National Committee (DNC) said President Donald Trump must "immediately" fire his son-in-law from his posi . . . More Most Commented DHS Chief Kelly: 'We're Not Hiding Behind a Wall' Friday, 26 May 2017 | 948 comments No birth certificate, no college transcripts, no social security card, no... McCain: Russian Minister 'Had No Business in the Oval Office' Sunday, 21 May 2017 | 700 comments I see McCain the insane is still upset with Trump for saying getting... Trump Calls For Coalition to Stamp Out Extremism Sunday, 21 May 2017 | 542 comments Trump defined the struggle against extremism as "a battle between good and... Federal Appeals Court Uphold Block on Trump Travel Ban Thursday, 25 May 2017 | 540 comments Any future terrorist attack in America by foreign terrorist can no longer... Alan Dershowitz: Civil Liberties Threatened With Kushner Probe Friday, 26 May 2017 | 457 comments To all you voters.....esp. dem. Voters...PROUD YET?? Wasting lots of money... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 67° Full Menu 67° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us Photo from WPDE Photo from WPDE Local May 26, 2017 7:34 AM Multiple people injured in Conway-area crash By Elizabeth Townsend etownsend@thesunnews.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Four people were hurt in a crash on Church Street between Rivertown Boulevard and Cultra Road Friday morning, according to Battalion Chief John Fowler with Horry County Fire Rescue. The crash happened about 6:15 a.m. near the Wal-Mart super center, and Fowler said about four people were injured with one being airlifted to Grand Strand Medical Center. Horry County Fire Rescue responded to the scene and South Carolina Highway Patrol deputies are also at the crash site. Please check back for updates on this breaking news story. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 6 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.27 1:12 6 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.27 0:47 a day ago Bikefest didn't start great for this guy and his bike 1:07 a day ago NAACP leaders discuss "Operation Bike Week Justice" View More Video Local Bikefest roars to life in Atlantic Beach: A festival for some, healing for others Atlantic Beach party tent remains open for Bikefest despite fire concerns Myrtle Beach weather forecast for May 27 Traffic loop experiences some hiccups with late barricades Motorcycle crash with injuries reported in Carolina Forest Local Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
The Hollywood Reporter Movies TV Business Style Politics Tech Culture Awards Video Sites Heat Vision Live Feed Esq The Race Behind the Screen Bastard Machine Rambling Reporter The Fien Print Subscribe Newsletters Site Tools Login Daily Edition Exec Suite Reps INT'L Esq Real Estate How Radio Can Survive in an Era of Podcasts and Streamers 6:00 AM PDT 5/25/2017 by Paul Bond FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Daniel Boczarski/Getty Images With more people listening to internet music services, giants like iHeartRadio are scrambling to adapt and convert Wall Street skeptics. As iHeartMedia — parent of iHeartRadio, home to nearly 900 radio stations and a robust digital platform — tries to fend off bankruptcy, its troubles have trained a spotlight on the entire radio industry, which is struggling against competition from internet music services like Pandora and Spotify as well as burgeoning podcast networks. Five years ago, fewer than 5 million Americans paid for a streaming-music service, but in 2016 that number jumped to 22.6 million, according to the RIAA. And Edison Research says that a year ago a threshold was crossed when adults ages 18-to-24 said for the first time that they spend more time listening to streaming music than they do traditional radio. While incumbents like iHeartRadio, run by CEO Bob Pittman, and its chief rival Entercom Communications have embraced digital initiatives, so far Wall Street seems skeptical: Shares of iHeartMedia have fallen 21 percent since the company suggested April 21 that it might not survive another year unless it restructures its $20 billion debt. Entercom, which announced a merger with CBS Radio in February, has seen its stock price plunge 25 percent during the same time frame. Brian Wieser of Pivotal Research says it's not just changing audience tastes that are challenging the business models that built the two radio giants; he argues that because local businesses face fierce competition from nationwide chains like Walmart and e-commerce providers including Amazon.com, they aren't purchasing as many radio ads as they used to. "When shoppers were geographically constrained, it was good for the radio business," he says. It's one reason why satellite service SiriusXM Radio, which relies far more on subscription fees than ad sales for its revenue, has fared better than iHeartMedia and Entercom, its shares dropping only 3 percent since April 21. "Radio will still have a role for a while," says Wieser. "It just won't expand. There aren't a lot of good examples of media in secular decline suddenly growing again." Despite the negativity on Wall Street, the radio business overall is on a growth track, says PricewaterhouseCoopers, which predicts that sector revenue in the U.S. will rise from $21.8 billion in 2016 to $23.8 billion in 2020. Radio, in fact, remains the most popular medium in the U.S., with Nielsen estimating for the past several years that 91 percent of Americans older than 12 listen to an AM or FM station weekly. And while Wall Street has been punishing the giants lately, there is at least one small, niche radio company that is thriving: Salem Media Group, which specializes in Christian and conservative talk and is benefiting from a contentious political scene around President Trump. Salem shares are up 11 percent this year. Many of the problems plaguing iHeartMedia stem from a leveraged buyout in 2008, just before a market crash, which saddled the company with its massive debt (its latest deadline for restructuring its debt is May 26). This year, iHeartMedia's interest expense alone will hit about $1.7 billion, with another $417 million in debt due, and the sum of those two could exceed its earnings in 2017. It also owns 90 percent of billboard company Clear Channel Outdoor, which recently reported a quarterly loss amid an 8 percent decline in sales. But the situation is not all doom and gloom; iHeartMedia's latest earnings report May 4 marked its 16th consecutive quarter of year-over-year revenue growth, including a 2.5 percent boost in U.S. ad sales. That's better than Discovery Communications, Viacom, CBS and Pandora. Consolidation also could help the fortunes of the radio industry. Pandora is for sale, and some investors are predicting that SiriusXM may want to purchase the digital-radio company, which sports a $2.2 billion market cap, 76.7 million listeners and 4.7 million paid subscribers. And even if iHeartMedia is unsuccessful in its bid to restructure its debt, the company isn't in danger of going away. It's just a matter of who will end up owning it if a bankruptcy were to occur, says Jan Dawson, chief analyst at Jackdaw Research. The company is showing progress at reinventing its business for the digital era: It has launched two subscription on-demand services, iHeartRadio Plus and iHeartRadio All Access, as well as a new app targeting kids ages 4-to-11. It also has created several live shows, including the iHeartRadio Music Festival, which is now in its sixth year. "If you take away the debt," says Dawson, "iHeartMedia is actually performing pretty well as a radio business; in fact, better than the rest of the industry because others haven't evolved as well as iHeartRadio has, with its apps, digital initiatives and live events. Only radio companies that reinvent themselves will survive." This story first appeared in the May 24 issue of The Hollywood Reporter magazine. To receive the magazine, click here to subscribe. FACEBOOK TWITTER EMAIL ME PRINT COMMENTS Paul Bond [email protected] @thr Comments comments powered by Disqus The Hollywood Reporter © 2017 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Vibe Spin Stereogum Death and Taxes
Home News Crime Local Texas Sports Investigations Weather Alerts Allergy Report Forecast Radar Rainfall Totals Low Water Crossing & Road Closures Austin Webcams Traffic Report It Live Stream Studio512 Contact Us 80° F Overcast Hi: 88° F Lo: 77° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Texas National Crime Politics Live Streaming Bastrop County Hays County Williamson County Featured: Biloxi Bus Crash immigraiton Texas Legislature Latest Headlines VIDEO: Nearly $10K in property stolen from 2 San Marcos hardware stores May 26, 2017 Surveillance video provided by one of the stores shows a crowbar was used to pop the door open. Tornadoes on the ground: remembering a deadly day as it happened May 26, 2017 It was a tornado so rare — an F5 — there had never been one recorded in our part of Texas. ‘No refusal’ starts in San Marcos ahead of busy Memorial Day weekend May 26, 2017 Williamson Co. DA launches tipline for new evidence in Greg Kelley case May 26, 2017 Lt. Gov. Patrick takes on speaker of the House over future of ‘bathroom bill’ May 26, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Allergy Report Burn Bans Forecast Lake Levels Radar Rainfall Totals Satellite SatRad Tropics Water Crossings Weather Blog Weather Diary Webcams Current Conditions 80° F Overcast Feels Like: 85° F Wind: S 7 Humidity: 81% Dewpoint: 74° F Sunrise: 6:31 AM Sunset: 8:25 PM Austin Area Weather 7-Day Forecast Radar Allergy Satellite Traffic Low Water Crossings Investigations Sports More Than The Score Report It More About Us Contact Us Meet Our Team Television Schedule Work for Us ——————- Austin Events Calendar KXAN Educates XtheTXT Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Studio 512 Studio 512 Art Beauty Cocktails DIY Entertainment Family Fashion Financial Fitness Food Gardening Home Décor Medical Music Pets Personal Time Weddings Latest Headlines Give Your Next Get-Together a Little Style May 26, 2017 If you are getting ready to entertain at home, we have just the showpiece in the way of a centerpiece from Bouquets of Austin. Pampering Your Furry Friends at This Pet Hotel May 26, 2017 Leaving your pets behind when you go on vacation will no longer be bittersweet if you book them a stay at Bark and Zoom. Noodles So Good They Travel Fast May 26, 2017 Snapping Pictures of Humanity Around the World May 26, 2017 Quality Outerwear, Outdoor Clothing, and Bags at Domain NORTHSIDE May 26, 2017 Search for: Search the site 80° F Overcast Hi: 88° F Lo: 77° F Miss Black Texas 2016 says she was wrongfully arrested The Associated Press Published: May 26, 2017, 5:24 am Updated: May 26, 2017, 10:57 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Carmen Ponder, Miss Black Texas (Carmen Ponder headshot/Facebook) COMMERCE, Texas (AP) — An East Texas police chief is on leave pending investigation after he was accused of wrongfully arresting Miss Black Texas 2016. Carmen Ponder tells KXAS-TV that Commerce Police Chief Kerry Crews had her arrested Saturday after a confrontation that led to him directing a racial and sexist slur at her. Ponder said she passed a truck and pulled into a Wal-Mart parking lot. The truck pulled up beside hers and the passenger, who she believes to have been Crews, said he was teaching his 14-year-old daughter to drive. He berated Ponder for passing him, then called her a “black b—-” when she told him it was illegal. @MeritLaw pic.twitter.com/LeHyS9JwHM — Carmen Sensei (@CarmenSierraaa) May 24, 2017 Her attorney, Lee Merritt, said she entered the store and when she emerged, several officers in plain clothes confronted her and demanded that she apologize to the chief. When she refused, she was arrested for evading arrest, handcuffed and jailed for 24 hours. Crews declined to comment on the advice of his attorney. The city says a lot of the facts as described by Ponder and Crews don’t line up. NEW: Press release just issued by City of Commerce disputes Carmen Ponder's account of racially-charged exchange w/ police chief. @NBCDFW pic.twitter.com/hs6D2v75K3 — Meredith Yeomans (@YeomansNBC5) May 25, 2017   Share this: Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Related Posts Trump supporter’s confrontation with Muslim family at South Padre goes viral Police chief gunned down on road rage call Sen. Cornyn met Justice Dept. officials Saturday to interview for FBI director Sister: Weakened ‘Sandra Bland Act’ in Texas ‘gut-wrenching’ Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on KXAN.com Top Stories Tornadoes on the ground: remembering a deadly day as it happened First-time Austin homeowner gets rude awakening after disputing appraisal Williamson Co. DA launches tipline for new evidence in Greg Kelley case Photo Galleries VIDEO/PHOTOS: Severe storms across Central Texas give way to rainbows PHOTOS: Hail blankets parts of Austin-metro Thursday NWS: 6 tornadoes hit Canton area, including EF-4 PHOTOS: Whole Foods 365 in Cedar Park Mugshots: Teachers charged with inappropriate relationship with students PHOTOS: San Marcos streets, cars underwater PHOTOS: U.S. missile attacks on Syria’s air bases PHOTOS: Severe storms move through Central Texas PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Members from First Baptist New Braunfels killed in crash PHOTOS: Anvil cloud looms over the Austin area PHOTOS: Attack on British Parliament PHOTOS: Train crashes into bus from Austin in Biloxi PHOTOS: Storm spawns tornadoes across central US Thrall-area struck by two tornadoes PHOTOS: Severe storms leave behind damage, destruction A Day Without Immigrants Bastrop kidnapping ends in deadly shooting along SH 71 in Del Valle PHOTOS: Red carpet fashion at the Grammys PHOTOS: Truck slams into Georgetown home leaving gaping hole Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KXAN.com © 2000-2017 Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Austin Weather Traffic Investigations Report It Sports KXAN Educates Station About Us Contact Us Contests TV Schedule Email Alerts Text Alerts Work for Us Facebook Twitter Business Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File Children’s TV Programming EEO Report Media General Our Stations The CW Austin KBVO Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram KXAN-TV 908 W. Martin Luther King Jr Blvd Austin, Texas 78701 Ph: 512-476-3636 KXAN Feedback If you have feedback about KXAN, we'd love to hear it. If you have a story, investigative, weather or web site tip, please visit our Report It page. Advertisement X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Saturday, May 27, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Kushner Said to Have Talked of Opening Secret Link to Moscow By MAGGIE HABERMAN, MARK MAZZETTI and MATT APUZZO 10:57 PM ET Jared Kushner, the president’s son-in-law, and the Russian ambassador’s talks focused on setting up a back-door channel during the transition, according to three people with knowledge of the matter. The talks occurred during a December meeting between Mr. Kushner, Michael T. Flynn and Ambassador Sergey I. Kislyak. Kushner: Pillar of Family-Driven West Wing (April 15) Russian Once Tied to Paul Manafort Seeks Immunity to Testify White House Agrees to Disclose Activity of Former Lobbyists By ERIC LIPTON After a standoff, the White House has agreed to release copies of the ethics waivers that allow administration officials to work in areas where they once lobbied.  Comments Trump Is All Elbows in a Europe That Is Eager to Jab Back By MARK LANDLER and MICHAEL D. SHEAR 9:15 PM ET The president played the statesman in the Middle East, but has switched to a familiar role, disrupter, as he joins the Group of 7 meeting, getting headlines like “Boor in Chief.” World Leaders Press Skeptical Trump to Stay in Climate Pact Defeat in Montana Shows Deepening Rift for Democrats By JONATHAN MARTIN and ALEXANDER BURNS Tension has risen between party leaders who want to pick their shots in battling for control of Congress, and grass-roots activists loath to concede anything to Republicans. G.O.P. Senators Face Deep Divisions Over Health Care Bill By JENNIFER STEINHAUER and ROBERT PEAR Senator Mitch McConnell, the majority leader, has a narrow path to getting a health care bill through the Senate.  Comments Fact Check: The Updated G.O.P. Health Care Bill More in Politics U.S. Quietly Lifts Limit on Number of Refugees Allowed In F.B.I. Investigates Attempt to Hack the Trump Organization The Daily 360 1:01 Jersey Shore’s New Roller Coaster Mark Makela for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Zbigniew Brzezinski | 1928-2017 A Foreign Policy Hawk Who Guided Carter By DANIEL LEWIS 10:23 PM ET Zbigniew Brzezinski, who was the national security adviser to President Jimmy Carter during the Iran hostage crisis and the Soviet invasion of Afghanistan, is dead at 89. Your Evening Briefing By CHARLES McDERMID and LISA IABONI Here’s what you need to know at the end of the day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ How John Shields planned his perfect death, and what Canada has learned by allowing 1,300 terminally ill people to do the same. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living Grilling This Weekend? Here’s Our Guide NYT Cooking Here’s our guide to the fundamentals and a handful of techniques to master. The Summer TV Lineup: 13 Series to Watch By MIKE HALE Money-laundering manicurists, a Stephen King detective story and, oh yeah, “Game of Thrones.” The Army Infantry’s First Women Our journalists followed the first group of women to graduate from Army infantry training. The Army has sought to play down the milestone. But female grunts see it as revolutionary. By DAVE PHILIPPS An Appraisal Denis Johnson’s Poetic Visions of a Fallen World By MICHIKO KAKUTANI In this author’s universe, hallucinatory imaginings bleed into daily life, where reality itself can seem like a fevered nightmare. Johnson, Scribe of the Failed and the Desperate, Dies at 67 California May Join Ranks of World’s Coffee Producers By STEPHANIE STROM Farmers in Southern California are nurturing coffee bushes in what may be the first serious effort to commercialize beans from the contiguous United States. News Analysis Southeast Asian Militants Find a Common Bond: ISIS By RICHARD C. PADDOCK There’s no indication that Islamic State leaders in the Mideast directed recent attacks in Indonesia and the Philippines, but like-minded extremists are believed to be responsible. Embroiled in Chaos, Brazilians Turn to Gallows Humor By SIMON ROMERO 9:08 PM ET President Michel Temer has grown so unpopular that some in Brazil believe the coach of the national soccer team, or a clown named Grumpy, would be better choices. Activist’s Speech Raises Ire Even Before It’s Delivered By ELI ROSENBERG The choice of Linda Sarsour, a Muslim-American activist, to address the graduates of the City University of New York School of Public Health has resulted in hate messages and threats. 10 Things to Do in New York City Now By LOUIS LUCERO II Here’s a sampling of cultural highlights this weekend and over the week ahead. More News Mass Hunger Strike by Palestinian Prisoners Ends, Israel Says China Drops Promise to Loosen Control on Its Currency Lee Boyd Malvo, ‘Beltway Sniper,’ to Be Resentenced, Judge Rules Looking for an Economic Bump? It’s Less Likely Attack on Convoy in Egypt Kills at Least 26 Christians Morning Briefing: Australia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Australia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Asia Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Asia. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing: Europe Edition The news and stories that matter to readers in Europe. Sign up to get it by email, Monday through Friday. Morning Briefing The news and stories that matter. Delivered to your inbox Monday through Friday. Australia’s ‘Stolen Generations’ Tell Their Stories In “Generations Stolen,” Matthew Sherwood documents the fates of mixed-race aboriginal children who had been kidnapped from their families during Australia’s disastrous experiment with forced assimilation. New Emoji is a Meaningful Symbol for Indigenous Australians Twitter’s addition of the Aboriginal and Torres Strait Islander flags comes in time for the 50th anniversary of a vote to include the communities in the national census. Crime, Women, and Outsider Perspectives In this week’s newsletter: a discussion about fiction and Lizzie Borden plus photos of Australia’s ‘stolen generation,’ and an appraisal of Roger Moore. Finding Songs Hidden in Britain’s Thankful Villages The indie rocker Darren Hayman is writing songs about the communities whose sons returned home from World War I. Here, Try Some Mezcal. But Not Too Much. The spirit’s new popularity in the United States thrills many Americans but worries others, who fear for its sustainability. Kirsten Dunst on Calling Her Own Shots The Cannes veteran talks about movies, sexism, female rage and “The Beguiled,” the third film that she’s made with Sofia Coppola. The Opinion Pages The Problem Isn’t Food Stamps, It’s Poverty By THE EDITORIAL BOARD That so many working households qualify for the aid reflects the prevalence of low wage jobs, the real problem Washington should be solving.  Comments Collins: Beyond Bad Trump 9:21 PM ET Stephens: Trump’s Triumph 9:54 PM ET Sheehan: David and Goliath in Vietnam Why the Palestinian Authority Should Be Shuttered The Battle Over Water on the Upper Delaware Do We Really Want Mike Pence to Be President? Don’t Judge Montana for a Single Body Slam By SARAH VOWELL Greg Gianforte doesn’t represent this state. O.K., he does now, but you get what I mean. Invite Your Neighbors Over to Grill This Weekend By MARC J. DUNKELMAN 8:40 PM ET We’re more connected than ever — but we’re estranged from the people next door. Brooks: American Narratives Cohen: Ariana Grande’s Power Krugman: Trump’s Contempt Egan: The Way They Kill Now User Subscriptions A Bomb Explodes in Manchester. Then What? Interviewing Truck Drivers at a Crossroads Times Insider » A Bomb Explodes in Manchester. Then What? The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Fashion & Style Balenciaga, Fashion’s Original Provocateur Opinion David and Goliath in Vietnam In 1967 American firepower was unmatched. But it didn’t save the hundreds of United States troops killed in the battle at Dak To, writes Neil Sheehan. Job Market When Power Makes Leaders More Sensitive Book Review From Condoleezza Rice, Tales of Diplomacy Opinion My Life on the Ocean Wave Times Insider What White House Correspondents Pack Television Geoffrey Rush Loves to Play Fools. A Genius, Too. Opinion Invite Your Neighbors Over for a Barbecue This Weekend We’re more connected than ever — but we’re estranged from the people next door. Food Cheesy, Oniony Gratin Brings a Family Together Book Review W. Kamau Bell on Being ‘Semi-Prominent’ Sunday Review Don’t Judge Montana for a Single Body Slam Paying for College A Beginner’s Guide to Repaying Student Loans Sections World » Their Government in Chaos, Brazilians Fear the Joke Is on Them At His Own Wake, Celebrating Life and the Gift of Death Gunmen in Egypt Force Coptic Christian Pilgrims From Buses and Kill 28 Business Day » Coal Country’s Power Plants Are Turning Away From Coal A Russian Businessman’s Road From Siberia to Success As C.E.O. Pay Packages Grow, Top Executives Have the President’s Ear Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: Why the Palestinian Authority Should Be Shuttered Editorial: The Problem Isn’t Food Stamps, It’s Poverty Gail Collins: Going Beyond Bad Trump U.S. » For Army Infantry’s 1st Women, Heavy Packs and the Weight of History Few in St. Louis Knew Confederate Memorial Existed. Now, Many Want It Gone. Loophole in Rules on Transgender Troops Denies 2 Their Commissions Technology » Mark Zuckerberg’s Great American Road Trip Wheels: What Self-Driving Cars See Google’s A.I. Program Rattles Chinese Go Master as It Wins Match Arts » Why Spend $110 Million on a Basquiat? ‘I Decided to Go for It,’ Japanese Billionaire Explains Critic's Notebook: Kirsten Dunst on Calling Her Own Shots Shakira Finds Liberation, One Song at a Time Politics » Kushner Is Said to Have Discussed a Secret Channel to Talk to Russia U.S. Quietly Lifts Limit on Number of Refugees Allowed In White House Backs Down on Keeping Ethics Waivers Secret Fashion & Style » Homework? First I Need to Get to the Bottom of This Comey Story Critic's Notebook: Melania Trump on Display, Dressed in Ambivalence and Armor Modern Love: Wanting Monogamy as 1,946 Men Await My Swipe Movies » Critic's Notebook: Kirsten Dunst on Calling Her Own Shots Review: ‘Baywatch,’ a Romp Full of Surf, Sand and Lots of Skin Review: ‘Dead Men Tell No Tales.’ Not Very Well, Anyway. New York » Still Haunted After a Case Goes Cold A Muslim-American Activist’s Speech Raises Ire Even Before It’s Delivered F.B.I. Investigates Attempt to Hack the Trump Organization Sports » Global Sports: Crossing a Line, to Join the Challengers, at the America’s Cup A Football Coach’s Struggle With C.T.E. — and a Guilty Conscience Them Again? And Again? Warriors-Cavaliers Finals Are an N.B.A. First Theater » Review: Rom-Com as Ritual in ‘The Art of Luv (Part 5)’ Review: Tackling a Major Taboo in ‘The Boy Who Danced on Air’ Rebecca Hall and Morgan Spector: Together, Onstage and Off Science » NASA’s Jupiter Mission Reveals the ‘Brand-New and Unexpected’ Trilobites: Somehow, This Fish Fathered a Near Clone of Itself Trilobites: An Effect of Climate Change You Could Really Lose Sleep Over Obituaries » Zbigniew Brzezinski, National Security Adviser to Jimmy Carter, Dies at 89 Denis Johnson, Who Wrote of the Failed and the Desperate, Dies at 67 An Appraisal: Denis Johnson’s Poetic Visions of a Fallen World Television » Young Comic TV Showrunners From Left Field The Summer TV Lineup: 13 Series to Watch A Speedy Refresher Course for Your Summer TV Favorites Health » Rare Gene Mutations Inspire New Heart Drugs G.O.P. Health Bill Would Leave 23 Million More Uninsured in a Decade, C.B.O. Says Ask Well: How Much Sugar Is in a Glass of Wine? Travel » Finding My Florida Footsteps: Mondrian’s World: From Primary Colors to the Boogie Woogie 36 Hours: 36 Hours in Indianapolis Books » An Appraisal: Denis Johnson’s Poetic Visions of a Fallen World Denis Johnson, Who Wrote of the Failed and the Desperate, Dies at 67 Summer Pages: Books to Breeze Through This Summer Education » Your Money: When Colleges Dangle Money to Lure Students Who Ignored Them Dozens of Middlebury Students Are Disciplined for Charles Murray Protest Commencement Addresses Offer Road Maps to the Future Food » During Ramadan, Home Cooks Shine A Good Appetite: A Cheesy, Oniony Gratin That Brings a Family Together Hungry City: A Journey Through Indonesian Favorites at Awang Kitchen in Elmhurst, Queens Sunday Review » News Analysis: Will the Presidency Survive This President? Editorial: Watergate? We’re Not There Yet Frank Bruni: A Prayer for Donald Trump Real Estate » Where to Live When the L Train Shuts Down Developers Migrate to Areas Near the G, J, M and Z Trains 360 View: Work for Audible, Live Rent-Free? The Upshot » Economic View: The Question Isn’t Why Wage Growth Is So Low. It’s Why It’s So High. Civics Lessons: Checking Democracy’s Pulse Public Health: C.B.O. Has Clear Message About Losers in House Health Bill Magazine » Feature: Aleppo After the Fall Feature: Jared Kushner’s Other Real Estate Empire Feature: Is It Possible to Resist Deportation in Trump’s America? Automobiles » G.M. Accused in Lawsuit of Deceit on Diesel Truck Emissions Driven: Video Review: Cadillac CT6 Adds ‘Sporty’ to the Luxury Lexicon Wheels: What Self-Driving Cars See T Magazine » At Tea With the Legendary Painter Wayne Thiebaud Market Report: 6 Polished Loafers, With an Unusual Edge 48 Hours: In Dallas With One of Fashion’s Most Innovative Designers Times Insider » What We’re Reading: Special Podcast Edition A Bomb Explodes in Manchester. Then What? Basking Just Below Carte Blanche Real Estate » What I Love Beowulf Boritt, Set Designer, Renovates His Home By JOANNE KAUFMAN When Beowulf Boritt and his wife bought a prewar fixer-upper, he used all the tricks he learned in the theater to redo it. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
News UK World Europe Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports US sports Soccer Tennis Boxing Formula 1 WWE Culture Film TV Music Books Indy/Life Fashion Food + drink Travel Health + families Love + sex Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Daily Edition Subscribe for a free trial Read Now UK Edition US Edition Sign in Register News Election 2016 World US UK Europe People Science Health Business Voices Comment Robert Fisk Mark Steel Grace Dent Holly Baxter Campaigns Editorials Letters Sports Formula 1 US sports Soccer Cricket Tennis Boxing Formula 1 Culture Books Film TV Music Art Theatre & Dance Comedy Lifestyle Food & drink Health & families Love & sex Motoring Student Travel Fashion Tech Gaming Tech culture Tech news Video Explainer videos News videos People & culture videos Sport videos IndyBest Fashion & Beauty Homes & Design Food & Drink Gadgets & Tech Outdoor & Activity Arts & Books Travel Money Health insurance Investments Extras The Independent Books Puzzles indy100 Apps Ebooks iJobs Dating Follow us: News World Americas Miss Black Texas 2016 wants police chief fired over 'wrongful arrest' and 'racial slurs' Carmen Ponder calls for sacking of Kerry Crews after heated confrontation in which officer allegedly subjected her to verbal abuse Staff and agencies Friday 26 May 2017 09:04 BST Click to follow The Independent US Carmen Ponder Twitter An East Texas police chief is on leave pending investigation after he was accused of wrongfully arresting Miss Black Texas 2016. Carmen Ponder tells KXAS-TV that Commerce Police Chief Kerry Crews had her arrested Saturday after a confrontation that led to him directing a racial and sexist slur at her. Ponder said she passed a truck and pulled into a Wal-Mart parking lot. The truck pulled up beside hers and the passenger, who she believes to have been Crews, said he was teaching his 14-year-old daughter to drive. He berated Ponder for passing him, then called her a “black b—” when she told him it was illegal. Her attorney, Lee Merritt, said she entered the store and when she emerged, several officers in plain clothes confronted her and demanded that she apologise to the chief. When she refused, she was arrested for evading arrest, handcuffed and jailed for 24 hours. Crews declined to comment on the advice of his attorney. Copyright Associated Press More about: Texas Racial abuse arrest Reuse content Comments Most Popular Video Sponsored Features Follow us: User Policies Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Code of Conduct Complaint Form Contact Us Contributors All Topics Archive Newsletters Jobs Subscriptions Advertising Guide Syndication Evening Standard Novaya Gazeta Install our Apps We use cookies to enhance your visit to our site and to bring you advertisements that might interest you. Read our Privacy and Cookie Policies to find out more. Close We've noticed that you are using an ad blocker. Advertising helps fund our journalism and keep it truly independent. It helps to build our international editorial team, from war correspondents to investigative reporters, commentators to critics. Click here to view instructions on how to disable your ad blocker, and help us to keep providing you with free-thinking journalism - for free. Thank you for your support. How to disable your ad blocker for independent.co.uk Adblock / Adblock Plus Click the Adblock/Adblock Plus icon, which is to the right of your address bar. On Adblock click "Don't run on pages on this domain". On Adblock Plus click "Enabled on this site" to disable ad blocking for the current website you are on. If you are in Firefox click "disable on independent.co.uk". Firefox Tracking Protection If you are Private Browsing in Firefox, "Tracking Protection" may cause the adblock notice to show. It can be temporarily disabled by clicking the "shield" icon in the address bar. Ghostery Click the Ghostery icon. In versions before 6.0 click "whitelist site". In version 6.0 click "trust site" or add independent.co.uk to your Trusted Site list. In versions before 6.0 you will see the message "Site is whitelisted". Click "reload the page to see your changes". uBlock Click the uBlock icon. Then click the big power button to whitelist the current web site, and its state will be remembered next time you visit the web site. Then reload the page. Close Thank you for supporting independent.co.uk Continue to our site
Toggle search box Toggle navigation Home News Amazon Microsoft Startups Space Science Sports Tech Cloud Tech – presented by Salesforce Geek Life Podcast Apple Google Impact Series Real Estate App of the Week Geek of the Week presented by Acumatica Startup Spotlight presented by Impinj Geek Home of the Week by Realogics Sotheby’s Working Geek – presented by Smartsheet Tech Moves Launch Pads Jobs Events GeekWire Events Community Calendar Resources Memberships Health Benefits GeekWire Startup Resources GeekWire Startup List GeekWire 200 Seattle Engineering Centers GeekWire Startup Spaces GeekWire Store Community Calendar Deals About About GeekWire Email Newsletters Contact Us Advertise Sponsors Reprints & Permissions Search for: LATEST POPULAR Molecule filter maker Membrion wins top prize at University of Washington Business Plan Competition Tankfest NW puts military lore on the front lines at Paul Allen’s Flying Heritage Museum Seattle designers seek $50K on Kickstarter to build Spektra, an interactive VR experience room Report: Google planning AI venture capital group led by engineers Click to trunk in 15 minutes? Testing Amazon’s new ridiculously fast order fulfillment CoderDojo and Raspberry Pi team up to turn kids into engineers Trump budget puts ShakeAlert earthquake warning system on shaky ground LinkedIn co-founder Reid Hoffman leads $30M investment in social petition site Change.org, joined by Bill Gates Geek of the Week: Game director Luke Smith finds his ‘Destiny’ with sequel to popular franchise UW honors long-time entrepreneurship program leader Connie Bourassa-Shaw at 20th Business Plan Competition Week in Geek: We finally get to try AmazonFresh Pickup, and your driver’s license might be coming to your smartphone As Amazon flirts with $1,000/share, shareholder questions Jeff Bezos about stock split GeekWork Picks: Point B seeks analyst to help implement and support Salesforce Concure Oncology raises $5M to bring breast cancer treatment to the U.S. Pizza, soda, Oreos and breathing: 7 key lessons I learned in the startup trenches UW researchers reprogram genetic code to create digital circuitry inside living cells Bulletproof, the lifestyle startup fueled by butter-coffee, gets a $19M jolt of new funding Working Geek: Paul Allen’s climate change guru Spencer Reeder moonlights as a musician Proposed bill reportedly could let the government take over and search drones Steve Ballmer says potential income tax in Seattle would cause ‘unfavorable business climate’ Jeff Bezos lays out his vision for city on the moon, complete with robots Legendary computer scientist James Gosling joining Amazon Web Services Chevrolet Bolt EV Review: At 200+ miles with juice to spare, this is the affordable electric car to beat Zillow announces $1M prize for anyone who can improve the algorithm for its Zestimate We tried the new AmazonFresh Pickup service in Seattle, and this is what happened As Amazon recaps a record year, shareholders meeting goes bananas AmazonFresh Pickup expands to Prime members in Seattle, with automatic license-plate recognition Wave Broadband acquired for $2.36B by TPG Capital, will combine with East Coast telecom company RCN T-Mobile’s new spin on the phone number, Digits, coming May 31 The 4 traits that make Amazon’s Jeff Bezos such an unusual tech leader, according to AWS CEO Andy Jassy Video: Watch Amazon’s Jeff Bezos talk with kids about Apollo’s space legacy – and share life lessons Work management powerhouse Smartsheet lands $52M, valuation tops $850M amid global expansion Q&A with Topgolf’s CEO about the popular sports entertainment company and a possible Seattle location What’s it take to become a Seattle local? As city changes, website questions natives and transplants Challenged at shareholder meeting, Jeff Bezos explains Amazon’s political approach Geek of the Week: Game director Luke Smith finds his ‘Destiny’ with sequel to popular franchise Zillow ‘Instant Offers’ launches in two cities to test quick-and-easy option for home sellers Escape with Bill Gates and the five books he recommends on his 2017 summer reading list GeekWire Deals: Tackle your business plan with the simple, visual Roadmap Planner Microsoft unveils new Surface Pro and ‘fastest digital pen on the planet’ Trending: We tried the new AmazonFresh Pickup service in Seattle, and this is what happened Seattle shipping tech company ShipRush acquired for $14M by Canadian logistics software firm by Nat Levy on May 25, 2017 at 8:56 amMay 25, 2017 at 8:56 am Comments  1 Share  5 Tweet Share  150 Reddit Email GeekWire Cloud Tech Summit tix here! ShipRush helps companies manage last mile shipping. (Bigstock Photo) Canadian logistics software company Descartes Systems Group has acquired ShipRush, a Seattle company that helps small and medium-sized companies and retailers manage their shipping operations. The purchase price is $14 million, with an additional $3 million in potential incentives. ShipRush is published by an entity called Z-Firm LLC, and it was founded by Rafael and Anya Zimberoff. ShipRush has 12 people based in Seattle, and it has been here since 1998. Shipping is a huge part of the business for retail giants like Amazon and Walmart, and that’s true of smaller companies as well. But unlike the big companies, which can take huge losses on shipping to gain customers, smaller retailers have to keep costs down, and that’s where ShipRush comes in. ShipRush helps businesses streamline their supply chain and reduce transportation costs by automatically importing orders, comparing carrier rates, printing shipping labels for all major carriers, and tracking through final delivery. ShipRush integrates with 60 major e-commerce, marketplace, payment and accounting sites, including Amazon, Big Commerce, eBay, Etsy, Magento, Intuit, Rakuten, Shopify and WooCommerce. Descartes, which is based outside of Toronto and has more than 1,200 employees, was interested in ShipRush because of its ability to save customers money by integrating e-commerce systems and shipping solutions and to help retailers wth last mile delivery. For ShipRush, the acquisition means its customers will have access logistics management, freight and international shipping options from Descartes. “By joining the Descartes community, ShipRush’s SMB customers will be able to expand the complexity and scope of their e-commerce operations using a single platform where their entire logistics network can exist, regardless of the range of transportation modes or the variety of trading partners in their supply chain,” ShipRush founder Rafael Zimberoff said in a statement. Z-Firm, the original company that made ShipRush, goes back to 1992. It started as a tech consulting firm, but switched its focus to shipping in the late 1990s. The first big break for ShipRush came in 2003, when Intuit started using ShipRush technology in QuickBooks. Nat Levy is a staff reporter at Geekwire covering a variety of technology topics, including Microsoft, Amazon, tech startups, and the intersection of technology with real estate, courts and government. Contact him at nat@geekwire.com and follow him on Twitter at @natjlevy. Comments 1 Share  5 Tweet Share  150 Reddit Email Previous StoryRed Hat bolsters its container pitch with Codenvy acquisition Next StoryAmazon exec running for Seattle school board, applying lessons learned from tech giant Filed Under: Tech  Tagged With: Descartes Systems Group • mergers and acquisitions • shipping • ShipRush • Z-Firm GeekWire Newsletters Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Send Us a Tip Have a scoop that you'd like GeekWire to cover? Let us know. Send Us a Tip See MoreGeekWire Events Related Stories Enroute Systems acquired by Pitney Bowes in ‘positive’ exit for Seattle shipping logistics startup Meet Portland’s newest VC firm: Elevate Capital looks to invest in Oregon startups The race for machine learning talent continues, as Apple acquires Madrona-backed Lattice Data Exclusive: Apple acquires Turi in major exit for Seattle-based machine learning and AI startup Previous StoryRed Hat bolsters its container pitch with Codenvy acquisition Next StoryAmazon exec running for Seattle school board, applying lessons learned from tech giant Like what you're reading? Subscribe to GeekWire's free newsletters to catch every headline Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers Comments See MoreGeekWire Picks More product reviews and recommendations GeekWire Deals: The Kickstarter-approved smartwatch that’s both powerful and affordable GeekWire Deals: Want a career in game design? Get a $6,000 education for under $100 Most Popular on GeekWire Jeff Bezos lays out his vision for city on the moon, complete with robots Legendary computer scientist James Gosling joining Amazon Web Services Chevrolet Bolt EV Review: At 200+ miles with juice to spare, this is the affordable electric car to beat Zillow announces $1M prize for anyone who can improve the algorithm for its Zestimate Job Listings on GeekWork Find more jobs on GeekWork. Employers, post a job here. Marketing ManagerAnswerDash Back End DeveloperFront Desk, Inc. Software Development Engineer – AndroidOfferUp A Word From Our Sponsors Kasala – modern home furnishings Learn more. Washington’s Beach Town Goes Downtown Come out and enjoy the Washington Coast; your beach home is waiting for you, visit seabrookwa.com to find yours! Luxury lives here. Learn more. GeekWire Sports Tech Summit: Speakers announced, tickets going fast! Register today! How a tech company, a bicycle, and one man’s mission is helping cure cancer Read More Kasala – modern home furnishings Learn more. Washington’s Beach Town Goes Downtown Come out and enjoy the Washington Coast; your beach home is waiting for you, visit seabrookwa.com to find yours! Luxury lives here. Learn more. GeekWire Sports Tech Summit: Speakers announced, tickets going fast! Register today! How a tech company, a bicycle, and one man’s mission is helping cure cancer Read More Galactic Sponsors Platinum Sponsors Gold Sponsors Silver Sponsors About About GeekWire Contact Us Ask About Advertising Send Us a Tip Apply for Startup Spotlight Apply for Geek of the Week Become a GeekWire Member Join Our Startup List Reprints and Permissions Follow GeekWire Newsletters Catch every headline in your inbox Email address Subscribe GeekWire Daily - Top headlines daily GeekWire Weekly - Most-read stories of the week, delivered Sunday GeekWire Sports Tech - The intersection of sports & technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Space & Science - Weekly headlines from Alan Boyle, award-winning aerospace and science editor GeekWire Podcasts — Weekly update with our latest audio episodes GeekWire Cloud Tech Weekly — Cloud and developer technology, delivered weekly GeekWire Mid-week Update — Most-read stories so far this week, delivered Wednesday GeekWire Local Deals — Special offers for Pacific Northwest area readers GeekWire Apps iOS Android Apple News Google Play Newsstand GeekWire Developer Blog Return to Top of Page Privacy Policy | Terms of Use © 2011-2017 GeekWire, LLC
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Business Sears revenue continues decline amid tough landscape After the sixth consecutive year of losses and several rounds of store closings, Sears Holdings Chairman and CEO Edward Lampert says he’s still committed to reversing the department store chain’s slide by turning Sears into a 21st-century merchant focused on catering to its best customers. (Alyssa Pointer / Chicago Tribune) Associated Press Privacy Policy Sears' extended decline in sales continued during the first quarter and the storied retailer vowed additional spending cuts to offset its slowing business. The company reported a loss of $222 million, or $2.15 per share on weak sales. The company has been closing stores and selling brands long affiliated with Sears, including Craftsman. A year prior, the company reported a loss of $181 million. Revenue fell 20 percent, to $4.3 billion, and same-store sales fell 11.9 percent. In March, Sears Holdings Corp. said there is "substantial doubt" it could continue as a viable concern with intense pressure coming from companies like Wal-Mart, Target and Amazon.com. Asset sales have bought the retailer time, but it said recently that pension agreements may prevent the sale of more businesses, potentially leading to a shortfall in funding. Sears, which employs 140,000 people, announced in January that it would close 108 additional Kmart and 42 more Sears locations, and unveiled yet another restructuring plan in February. The company has lost $10.4 billion since 2011, the last year that it made a profit. "While this was certainly a challenging quarter for our company, it was also one that clearly demonstrated our commitment to return Sears Holdings to solid financial footing," Chairman Eddie Lampert said in a company release. "We recognize that we need to accelerate our efforts to improve our operational performance and are moving decisively with our $1.25 billion restructuring program." Lampert's hedge fund has forwarded millions in funding to keep Sears afloat. Shares of the Hoffman Estates, Illinois, company have dropped 20 percent since the beginning of the year. The stock has fallen 38 percent in the last 12 months. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Sears Holdings Corp. Sears CEO still committed to turnaround, but signs are tough to see Sears was the Amazon.com of the 20th century Sears gets breathing room from creditors News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 71°
Today is Saturday May 27, 2017 KTBB Menu News Local State National World Business Political Health Show Biz Sports Weather Forecast Radar Weather Archives Sports Headlines Broadcast Schedule Scholastic All Stars Rangers Bus Trips Sitemap You Tell Me Texas Podcasts In Focus Contact Us Audio/Video    •    Listen Live Podcasts In Focus RSS Feeds Get the App! Audio Archives Special Coverage Rush Update Schedules    •    KTBB 92.1 The Team FM Deportes Sports Features    •    You Tell Me Texas Decision 2016 In Focus World Tour Find an Advertiser Scholastic All Stars Calendar of Events Trivia Quiz Lunch Break Contest Teacher of the Month Station Info    •    Logos Employment Privacy Policy Personalities Awards Sun Hours FAQ Media Kit    •    Contact Us    •    Contact Us Government Contacts Advertisers    •    Contest Rules Advertisement Advertisement Longview Woman Charged with Assault and Theft Posted/updated on: May 26, 2017 at 4:02 pm Print Friendly KILGORE – A Gregg County woman has been arrested for shoplifting at the Wal-Mart in Kilgore. She is also charged with assaulting the arresting officers. Arrested was Megan Elizabeth Curl, 19, of Longview. She has been charged with theft of property, resisting arrest/search/transport, five counts of assault of a public servant and five counts of harassment of a public servant. She is said to have spit on the officers and tried to injure a firefighter. Her bonds total $81,000. Go Back Longview Woman Charged with Assault and Theft Posted/updated on: May 26, 2017 at 4:02 pm Print Friendly KILGORE – A Gregg County woman has been arrested for shoplifting at the Wal-Mart in Kilgore. She is also charged with assaulting the arresting officers. Arrested was Megan Elizabeth Curl, 19, of Longview. She has been charged with theft of property, resisting arrest/search/transport, five counts of assault of a public servant and five counts of harassment of a public servant. She is said to have spit on the officers and tried to injure a firefighter. Her bonds total $81,000. Go Back Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement News • Weather • Media Kit • Advertisers • Contact Us • Privacy Policy • Site Map © 1999 - 2017 Copyright Gleiser Communications, LLC Home | Contact Us | Employment | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Find an Advertiser Other stations in the Gleiser Communications family include: 92.1 The Team FM | KYZS 1490AM ESPN Deportes Hosted by
   Search  Newsletter menu Home NEWS Close National features Africa World Eish! Multimedia Close Business Close Business News Personal Finance My Small Business Analysis & Profiles Close SPORT Close Soccer Cricket Rugby Golf Other Columns Close PHAKAAATHI Close LOCAL NEWS international news EDITOR’S BLOG FAN ZONE African News PSL Mgosi African News Nedbank Cup Close YOUR LIFE Close Celebrities Fitness and Health – The Citizen shares health and fitness tips and news Food Entertainment Soapies Friday feeling Close MOTORING Close News Motor Sport NEW CAR PRICE GUIDE Close HORSES Close news Columns Close OPINION Close Columns Editorials Today’s cartoon Cartoons Talking Point Ghost Cartoonist Close Buy Close auctions classifieds buy in bulk Close Rewards Close Subscribers Competitions Close Business 26.5.2017 07:46 am Renewed hope for Edcon’s recovery plan Ray Mahlaka Edcon hires ex Massmart chief Grant Pattison as CEO. Ex Massmart chief Grant Pattison appointed as CEO, to assemble new board with retail experience. The appointment of former Massmart executive Grant Pattison to lead struggling retail group Edcon, which breaks the tradition of hiring foreign CEOs over the last ten years, is a new start for it to return to its bellwether status. Pattison, who was instrumental in the acquisition of general goods retailer Massmart by US retailer Wal-Mart in 2011, will replace outgoing CEO Bernie Brookes in February 2018. “Restoring Edcon to its former glory is a privilege and a challenge. I’m excited about the challenge of restoring it to being the best retailer in South Africa,” said Pattison. But the road to recovery is long for Edcon, which recently staved off bankruptcy after creditors took it over, resulting in the reduction of its smothering debt load from R26.7 billion to R7 billion. As part of the handover process, Pattison was appointed to a new board in April that is more au fait with the retail industry than corporate finance. He will initially join the company as a COO from June. Top of his priority list is reviving Edcon’s ailing CNA business and exploring opportunities in the rest of Africa. Brookes, who still speaks on strategy until Pattison is installed as CEO, said plans are afoot to consolidate brand product categories at CNA. “It was fiddling in too many categories such as digital, gifting, and electronics. CNA will be a stationary, gift seller and still continue with a limited range of books and magazines.” Africa opportunities will be explored once Edcon contains bleeding sales and market share loss to its agile local and international fashion retail competitors. “But first, we have to get the top line moving, which will be hard.” Edcon’s group retail sales decreased by 6.7% to R25.3 billion during the year-end March and comparative store sales (stripping effects from new store openings) sunk by 6.7%. Cash sales fell by 2.4% while credit sales fell by 13%. Brookes said Edcon’s sales would have improved if it had more merchandise after Black Friday discounts, the US retail phenomenon fervently embraced by South Africans on November 25, resulted in empty shelves and the move of Easter from March to April. These trends reflected in its adjusted Ebitda, which fell by a sizable 45% to R1.4 billion. “It’s an awful decline in Ebitda, which was due to the R300 million we’ve spent on clearing old merchandise and being competitive on price.” Radical changes are already taking place at Edcon since Brookes, who is the former chief of Australia’s largest department store Myer, took over from Jürgen Schreiber two years ago. To stabilise the business, Edcon sold its non-core assets, among them, ladies apparel brand Legit to private equity firm Metier for R637 million. Management has renegotiated with Absa to gain control of its store cards book. It now controls 80% of the book, which allows it to move quicker on granting credit to eligible consumers. After Absa bought Edcon’s store cards book for R10 billion in 2012, the bank subsequently tightened the credit taps to consumers. As a result, its book value dropped from R8 billion in 2012 to R330 million. The company will close underperforming stores over the next three years and scale back on new store openings. Retail space has grown by 6% to 8% over the last five years, which became inefficient from a cost saving perspective. The floor space of international brands including River Island, Tom Tailor, Lucky Brand, Vero Moda and others will be shut. Under Schreiber’s leadership, Edcon aggressively pushed international fashion brands into Edgars and others with standalone stores – an expensive exercise which flopped. Other turnaround initiatives include spending R1.4 billion on its ageing IT systems, spanning across the point of sale and merchandise management. The big question is what Brookes’ next move will be. The 57-year-old said he never planned to stay longer than two years as his mandate was to stabilise the retailer. “I will continue to support Edcon long after I leave. If I was younger, I would stay for another three to five years and see the business go through an IPO.”  Brought to you by Moneyweb. Related Stories New strategy pays off for Tiger Brands 25.5.2017 Source Africa a platform for African textiles, apparel and footwear 24.5.2017 Why SA industry is NOT doomed 24.5.2017 To comment you need to be signed in to Facebook. Please do not comment by saying anything prejudiced. We reserve the right to remove offensive comments. JSE Currencies Commodities what's hot Rugby Warren Whiteley ‘refuses’ to be distracted by Bok captaincy Columnists Why no one (it seems) complains about Lukhanyo Am’s Bok place National Malema: If you don’t know how to propose, don’t blame Nigerians Eish! Twitter rips woman to shreds for ‘lying’ about owning a Mercedes-Benz World Vietnam man kills wedding guest after karaoke row readers' choice National ‘Politics of betrayal’ report fingers Gigaba as state capture go-to man National ANC NEC meeting tackles administrative issues then adjourns for the day National R3.4bn newly built dam filled to capacity, but residents have no water National Malema: If you don’t know how to propose, don’t blame Nigerians National READ: Damning new state capture report poll Former president Kgalema Motlanthe has called for public participation in the hiring of key executives at parastatals. Can his suggestion be the answer to safeguarding the country against state capture, corruption and the abuse of state resources? Yes No Maybe today in print menu Contact us About us Code of Conduct Privacy Policy Advertising Rate Card News menu National Africa World Load Shedding Eish! Opinion menu Columns Editorials Cartoons Talking Point Sport menu Columns Cricket Other Rugby Soccer Golf Horses menu Columnists Racing News Your life menu Celebrities Food style Entertainment Soapies Motoring menu Motoring News features Motorsport new price guide top tips Other menu Auctions buy in bulk Classifieds Competitions Connect About us Code of Conduct Contact us Privacy Policy Jobs at The Citizen Advertising Rate Card News Business Sport Phakaaathi Opinion Motoring Your life Horses Multimedia   The Citizen. All rights reserved.
See Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Al Franken and more at the 2017 Printers Row Lit Fest. Tickets available now! Business Sears revenue continues decline amid tough landscape After the sixth consecutive year of losses and several rounds of store closings, Sears Holdings Chairman and CEO Edward Lampert says he’s still committed to reversing the department store chain’s slide by turning Sears into a 21st-century merchant focused on catering to its best customers. (Alyssa Pointer / Chicago Tribune) Associated Press Sears' extended decline in sales continued during the first quarter and the storied retailer vowed additional spending cuts to offset its slowing business. The company reported a loss of $222 million, or $2.15 per share on weak sales. The company has been closing stores and selling brands long affiliated with Sears, including Craftsman. A year prior, the company reported a loss of $181 million. Revenue fell 20 percent, to $4.3 billion, and same-store sales fell 11.9 percent. In March, Sears Holdings Corp. said there is "substantial doubt" it could continue as a viable concern with intense pressure coming from companies like Wal-Mart, Target and Amazon.com. Asset sales have bought the retailer time, but it said recently that pension agreements may prevent the sale of more businesses, potentially leading to a shortfall in funding. Sears, which employs 140,000 people, announced in January that it would close 108 additional Kmart and 42 more Sears locations, and unveiled yet another restructuring plan in February. The company has lost $10.4 billion since 2011, the last year that it made a profit. "While this was certainly a challenging quarter for our company, it was also one that clearly demonstrated our commitment to return Sears Holdings to solid financial footing," Chairman Eddie Lampert said in a company release. "We recognize that we need to accelerate our efforts to improve our operational performance and are moving decisively with our $1.25 billion restructuring program." Lampert's hedge fund has forwarded millions in funding to keep Sears afloat. Shares of the Hoffman Estates, Illinois, company have dropped 20 percent since the beginning of the year. The stock has fallen 38 percent in the last 12 months. Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Sears Holdings Corp. Sears CEO still committed to turnaround, but signs are tough to see Sears was the Amazon.com of the 20th century Sears gets breathing room from creditors Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 57°
News Sports Living Classifieds 72° Full Menu 72° Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube E-Edition News All News Metro-east News Business Crime Belleville News Education News Violation of Trust O'Fallon Progress Highland News Leader State|Region News Nation|World News Politics and Government Scott Air Force Base Submit a News Tip Public Salaries Send Us Your Photographs Sports All Sports Cardinals Cheap Seats Blog Blues Colleges High Schools Recruiting High School Football High School Baseball/Softball High School Basketball Send Us Your Photographs Politics Politics Elections Living All Living BND Magazine Entertainment Food Horoscopes Answer Man Special Sections Records Contests Comics Puzzles & Games Celebrations Send Us Your Photographs Opinion All Opinion Editorial Glenn McCoy Letters/Sound-off Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Shopping Today's Hot Deal Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Service Directory Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Place Ad facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:47 Mercury's transit of the sun in highest resolution ever Pause 1:58 JV's Bar & Grill has served Waterloo for 32 years 1:39 Collinsville girls soccer wins sectional championship 3:03 Mike Bost doesn't regret his vote on Trumpcare, backs Trump on Comey firing 1:58 Health care rally outside Mike Bost's O'Fallon office 1:26 Waterloo baseball beats Columbia in regional semifinal 1:12 New St. Jacob Village Hall ground-breaking 2:14 (Not so) smooth criminals 6:03 School employees joke about who they would marry, kill or sleep with. It was all recorded. 1:21 Marissa wins sectional softball title behind Combs Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Construction on the proposed Walmart Supercenter in west Belleville may begin early next year. The work could take 12 months and the store could open in 2019. mkoziatek@bnd.com Construction on the proposed Walmart Supercenter in west Belleville may begin early next year. The work could take 12 months and the store could open in 2019. mkoziatek@bnd.com Belleville May 25, 2017 8:25 PM Walmart planned for west Belleville might not open until 2019 By Mike Koziatek mkoziatek@bnd.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Construction on the proposed 24-hour Walmart Supercenter in west Belleville could begin in early 2018 and last about a year, meaning the store likely would not be open until 2019. But the start of construction could change based on the length of the permitting process, which is now ongoing for the site at the intersection of South 74th Street and Illinois 15, according to a project manager. On Thursday night, the Belleville Zoning Board of Appeals unanimously approved five requests from Walmart, including one for a liquor permit. The board is tasked with giving a recommendation to the City Council, which has the final decision on whether to approve the requests. Aldermen will hear the Walmart requests June 5. The site is already zoned commercial, but the zoning board is still required to hear variance requests. Here’s a rundown of the other variances approved by the zoning panel: ▪  Walmart plans to have a 10-foot fence around the bale and pallet enclosure and the trash compactor enclosure. City code limits fences to 7 feet high. ▪  The store wants the parking lot aisles to be 24 feet wide instead of the 25 feet required by code. Parking lot spaces will be 19 feet long. ▪  Walmart is asking that the combined square footage of eight various signs on the property facing Illinois 15 be allowed to have a total of 638 square feet, which would be 338 square feet over the “cap” required by code. Rick Rohlfing, a project manager with BFA Engineering in Washington, Mo., told the zoning board that the store will have a place for shoppers to drive up and have someone load the groceries they ordered online. Walmart also plans to build a gas station at the front of the parking lot. “We’ve been working on this project for quite some time now,” Rohlfing told the panel. He said one of the challenges for the project is that the site is undermined. Research is ongoing as to how to mitigate the undermining. The Walmart Supercenter on the east side of Belleville was built on a site that was undermined, but the old coal mines were filled before the store off Carlyle Avenue opened about 10 years ago. Shoppers will enter the west Belleville store off South 74th Street. Direct access from Illinois 15 will not be allowed. No one from the public spoke against the Walmart requests. Also, Walmart has not asked for tax incentives from Belleville for this store, although the city granted tax incentives for the Green Mount Commons shopping center that includes Walmart. Mike Koziatek: 618-239-2502, @MikeKoziatekBND A Walmart Supercenter is planned for the intersection of South 74th Street and Illinois 15 in west Belleville. The 24-hour store may open in 2019. File photo LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:47 Mercury's transit of the sun in highest resolution ever Pause 1:58 JV's Bar & Grill has served Waterloo for 32 years 1:39 Collinsville girls soccer wins sectional championship 3:03 Mike Bost doesn't regret his vote on Trumpcare, backs Trump on Comey firing 1:58 Health care rally outside Mike Bost's O'Fallon office 1:26 Waterloo baseball beats Columbia in regional semifinal 1:12 New St. Jacob Village Hall ground-breaking 2:14 (Not so) smooth criminals 6:03 School employees joke about who they would marry, kill or sleep with. It was all recorded. 1:21 Marissa wins sectional softball title behind Combs Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 months ago Belleville City Clerk Dallas Cook discusses public safety ahead of mayoral election 4:57 2 months ago Belleville City Clerk Dallas Cook discusses public safety ahead of mayoral election 4:35 2 months ago Belleville Mayor Mark Eckert discusses public safety ahead of mayoral election 1:54 2 months ago Belleville residents discuss whether they feel safe in the city View More Video Belleville Hofbräuhaus developers do not have completion date to announce Walmart seeks permit to sell liquor in new Belleville store Live in Belleville Ward 3? There’s a town hall meeting for you Belleville officially takes over township’s duties Belleville Township’s hours of existence dwindle as city prepares to take over Belleville Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise With Us Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider   Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air CRIME Miss Black Texas 2016 says she as wrongfully arrested Published May 25, 2017 Associated Press Facebook Twitter Email Print COMMERCE, Texas –  An East Texas police chief is on leave pending investigation after he was accused of wrongfully arresting Miss Black Texas 2016. Carmen Ponder tells KXAS-TV that Commerce Police Chief Kerry Crews had her arrested Saturday after a confrontation that led to him directing a racial and sexist slur at her. Ponder said she passed a truck and pulled into a Wal-Mart parking lot. The truck pulled up beside hers and the passenger, who she believes to have been Crews, said he was teaching his 14-year-old daughter to drive. He berated Ponder for passing him, then called her a "black b----" when she told him it was illegal. Her attorney, Lee Merritt, said she entered the store and when she emerged, several officers in plain clothes confronted her and demanded that she apologize to the chief. When she refused, she was arrested for evading arrest, handcuffed and jailed for 24 hours. Crews declined to comment on the advice of his attorney. ___ Information from: KXAS-TV, http://www.nbcdfw.com Advertisement Trending in US Carter national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski dies Police: Man hurling racial slurs kills 2, injures 1 on train Correction: Killer Nurse story Two killed, one injured in stabbings on Portland light rail 2 toddlers found dead in hot car in North Texas Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
Home National Security Politics Issues Culture Columns Washington Free Beacon National Security Politics Issues Culture Columns Store 82-Year-Old Shoots Home Invader in Butt Ending Father-Son Crime Spree Clinton Aide Assaults Reporter—on Twitter Report: Comey Acted on False Russian Intelligence Sanders, Mulvaney Have Heated Exchange Over Trump Budget Share Tweet Email BY: Charles Fain Lehman Follow @CharlesFLehman May 25, 2017 3:08 pm Sen. Bernie Sanders (I., Vt.) and Office of Management and Budget Director Mick Mulvaney on Thursday found themselves in a heated clash over the White House's budget proposal. The two interrupted each other and raised their voices during a Senate Budget Committee hearing, the Hill reports. Sanders initially focused on the budget's repeal of the estate tax, which he claimed would give massive tax breaks to the nation's wealthy, estimating the Trump family would save $4 billion and the Walton family of Wal-Mart would save $52 billion. Sanders contrasted this tax break with those who would lose federal food and welfare subsidies under the budget. Sanders also objected to Republican attacks on Republican-appointed Congressional Budget Office Director Keith Hall. Mulvaney started to respond to Sanders's concerns about Hall, but the Vermont Senator cut him off. "Your opinion is that the results are terrible, I’m suggesting that it was a member of the Trump administration who appointed this gentleman," Sanders said. "So we can agree that the CBO puts out bad data," Mulvaney said. "No, we can’t. We can agree that you guys are beating up on a man you appointed because you don’t like his results," Sanders said. The two fought over federal funding for the Meals on Wheels program, before returning to Sanders's central concern: the claimed $52 billion tax break for the ultra-wealthy Walton family. Mulvaney attempted to respond that the tax repeal was part of the overall replacement of ObamaCare. But Sanders wasn't satisfied. "Ordinary people are paying more," Mulvaney said. "No, ordinary people don’t have $128 billion," Sanders interjected. "You’re not answering the question. Answer the question!" At this point, concerns over healthcare arose. "We don’t cut Medicaid. We’re talking about ObamaCare repeal," Mulvaney said. "Which throws 23 million people off health insurance!" Sanders said. "We’re talking about a CBO number that I think you just agreed could be wrong," Mulvaney said. Sanders denied that he had agreed. In the end, the back-and-forth was ended by the expiration of Sanders's time. Before the clock was up, the two agreed on at least one thing: everyone will die eventually. This entry was posted in Issues and tagged Bernie Sanders, Federal Budget, Mick Mulvaney. Bookmark the permalink. Share Tweet Email Charles Fain Lehman   Email Charles | Full Bio | RSS Charles Fain Lehman is a media analyst with the Washington Free Beacon. Originally hailing from Pittsburgh, PA, he graduated from Yale in 2016. Before coming to the Free Beacon, Charles spent the 2016 election cycle as a House Research Analyst with America Rising. Follow @CharlesFLehman × THE MORNING BEACON DAILY NEWSLETTER MAKES IT EASIER TO STAY INFORMED Get the news that matters most to you, delivered straight to your inbox daily. Register today! Grow your email list exponentially Dramatically increase your conversion rates Engage more with your audience Boost your current and future profits Today’s STORIES 40 Congressmen Write Letter Advocating for Turkish Personnel Involved in Attack on Protesters to be Expelled From the United States De Blasio Employee Arrested, Charged With Possessing Child Pornography President of European Commission: We Had a ‘Very Frankly Constructed Meeting’ With Trump Forest Service Owns ‘National Junkyard’ of Thousands of Unused Buildings Chaffetz on Leaving Congress: ‘At Some Point, You’ve Got to Get Off This Crazy Train’ YouTube Deletes Pro-Life Video From Site When Self-Compassion Becomes Self-Abuse Franken Compares Trump to O.J. Simpson in New Memoir Boehner Praises Trump on National Security, But Says He’s ‘Still Learning How to Be President’ U.S., Japanese Leaders Agree to Enhance Sanctions Against North Korea Liberals React to Dem Loss in Montana GDP Increases 1.2% in First Quarter of 2017 Washington Free Beacon About Us Masthead Terms of Use Privacy Policy Topics Editor’s Blog ©2017 All Rights Reserved | Site Map × THE MORNING BEACON: THE ONLY DAILY NEWSLETTER YOU NEED The Washington Free Beacon's morning email lays out everything you need to know about the world of politics, foreign affairs, and national security. Get the news that matters to you, delivered straight to your inbox daily. Register today!
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Stock Is the Best of a Bad Breed In the wake of Q3 earnings, Costco stock is neither cheap nor invincible, but the retailer is showing what can happen when you do things right By James Brumley, InvestorPlace Feature Writer  |  May 26, 2017, 4:21 pm EDT     View All   Popular Posts: 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts Why Microsoft Corporation (MSFT) Stock Could Hit a Wall Soon Apple Inc.’s Next Great Driver? India! (AAPL) Recent Posts: Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) Stock Is the Best of a Bad Breed 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts Apple Inc. (AAPL) Stock Can’t Rely on Any Real Help From China View All Posts Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST) at least partially redeemed the reeling retailing industry on Friday. With the echoes of disappointing first-quarter earnings reports from Lowe’s Companies, Inc. (NYSE:LOW), Chico’s FAS, Inc. (NYSE:CHS) and Tiffany & Co. (NYSE:TIF) still ringing, Costco stock managed to put up a healthy gain on the back of Thursday evening’s release of its fiscal third-quarter numbers. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr (Modified) Not only did earnings roll in better than expected, same-store sales grew at an almost-heroic pace. How was Costco able to do what so many of its peers haven’t been able to do? And, perhaps more important to current and would-be owners of COST stock, can the retailer continue its fruitful growth? The answer to the first question is, it just strikes the right cord with consumers … one of the few retailers to find a balance between value, customer-experience and convenience. As for the second question, yes, Costco stock can remain protected by its surprisingly wide moat. Costco’s Q3 Earnings For the quarter ending in early May, Costco earned $1.59 per share — or $1.40 per share on an operating basis — on revenue of $28.22 billion. While the top line missed expectations of $28.6 billion, it was still up 8% on a year-over-year basis. Profits rolled in better than the year-ago bottom line of $1.24 per share of COST, and handily beat analyst estimates of $1.30 per share. Most impressive of all, though, was the 5% increase in same-store sales versus estimates of only 3.7% growth. It’s a ray of hope from an otherwise-gloomy retail environment, with rival Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) being one of the few exceptions. Last quarter, Walmart topped its earnings estimates, and even mustered much-needed same store sales growth of 1.4%. Still, Costco’s results were decidedly better than its peers. What gives? The Same, But Different At first glance, Costco stock more or less looks like Walmart or Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) in that all three sell basic goods and staples. Yes, Costco charges an annual membership fee, but it’s widely understand as the way it can (though not that it always does) offer lower prices. What’s noteworthy about Costco, however, is how much of its profits — not revenue, but profits — stems from those membership fees. Last year, they accounted for 72% of the company’s bottom line, and that’s not apt to change in the foreseeable future considering more than 90% of its members renewed their membership last quarter. In that light, Costco isn’t a retailer in the business of selling merchandise. It’s in the subscription business, selling access lower-cost shopping choices. Consumers are savvy, nevertheless. If what was happening in its stores paled in comparison to the customer experience delivered by Target and Walmart, Costco couldn’t remain in the subscription business very long. In that regard, Costco still does retailing right. Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/costco-wholesale-corporation-cost-stock-is-the-best-of-a-bad-breed/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 8 Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts 7 F-Rated Stocks to Abandon Immediately 4 Technology Stocks to Buy Before They Ride AI to the Sky 3 Top Aerospace & Defense ETF Picks 7 Sports Stocks Everyone Knows — 4 Winners, 3 Losers 10 High-Tech Graduation Gifts for 2017 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts 7 F-Rated Stocks to Abandon Immediately 4 Tech Stocks to Buy Before They Ride AI to the Sky 7 Sports Stocks Everyone Knows — 4 Winners, 3 Losers 3 Aerospace & Defense ETFs on the Move Most Popular The Top 10 S&P 500 Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 10 Hot Stocks That Could Crash 20% or More 10 Best Mutual Funds for Retirement Buy Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock for 35 Cents Now! 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy for 12 Months of Retirement Income 3 Dow Jones Stocks to Buy for a 2017 Breakout Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 22-26, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 22-26, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. Route 29 widening – Northbound traffic has been shifted to the two outside lanes within the work zone and the inside (left) lane is closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive). Motorists should be alert for advance warning signs and move to the right lanes well ahead of the work zone. Shoulders are closed, travel lanes are narrowed and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – On Wednesday night traffic will be shifted to new pavement at the intersection of Hilton Heights Road and Berkmar Drive. Motorists should follow signs directing them through the work zone.  The entrance to Sam’s Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. There may be intermittent lane restrictions and closures on Rio Mills Road near the Berkmar bridge while materials are moved out of the work area under the bridge. Motorists may encounter brief delays. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious ROUTE 709 WIDENING COMPLETED 30 DAYS EARLY – Project increases safety for motorists and bicyclists on Eastern Shore Next PostNext May 15 – 21: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts May 26, 2017 – City Seeks Proposals for the 2017 Celebration of Immigrant Heritage Week Secretary Pablos Participates In 2017 Invest In America! Summit SNAP LOSS NOTICE: Rosen Law Firm Reminds Snap Inc. Investors of Important Deadline in Class Action – SNAP SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of Ocwen Financial Corporation of a Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of June 20, 2017 – OCN INVESTOR ALERT: Levi & Korsinsky, LLP Notifies Shareholders of Intra-Cellular Therapies, Inc. of Commencement of a Class Action Lawsuit and a Lead Plaintiff Deadline of July 11, 2017 Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Top Local Stories Woman caught on dashcam sucker-punching Lincoln Park officer News Police release sketch of man wanted in connection with throwing brick, injuring 2-year-old News Some sunshine returns with warmth Saturday News Woman leads Shelby Twp. police on 100 mph chase after dropping off son near school News Muslim man files $100M lawsuit against Dearborn Little Caesars over pizza labeled 'halal' News 5 injured in DDOT bus crash through brick wall of building on Detroit's west side News 2-year-old girl recovering after being hit in head by brick thrown through car window in Detroit News Good Samaritan rescues boys during pit bull mauling on Detroit's west side News Ten-year-old fighting back against scleroderma Features News Woman leads Shelby Twp. police on 100 mph chase after dropping off son near school Woman has warrant for arrest from 2004 By Nick Monacelli - Reporter , Derick Hutchinson Posted: 7:04 PM, May 26, 2017 Updated: 7:04 PM, May 26, 2017 SHELBY TOWNSHIP, Mich. - A woman led police officers on a chase Wednesday after dropping off her son near a Shelby Township school. Police officers were all around Eisenhower High School for safe-driving patrols when a white Chrysler 300 sped past an officer on a nearby residential street. The officer pulled the woman over and she quickly asked if her son could get out and walk to school so he wouldn't be late. The officer said the boy could get out, and two minutes later, the woman sped away. Police said Stacey Nixon, 41, turned east onto 25 Mile Road right where Shelby Township police officers were. "So it was just by chance we were all right there," Shelby Township police Lt. Jeff Daniel said. "No way we were going to continue this chase any further than we had to." Dash-cam video shows the car blowing through the intersection of 25 Mile and Van Dyke. Nixon allegedly drove more than 100 mph. Knowing somebody could get hurt, Shelby Township officers ended the pursuit, but not the chase. Over the course of the next four hours, they checked back into the school and figured out who the woman was. "After talking to the family, they had concerns for her safety," Daniel said. The pinged her cellphone, which brought them to a Walmart on 23 Mile Road, where they found the Chrysler 300. Nixon was loading or unloading something in the trunk. Nixon was arrested right next to her car at the Walmart. Police said Nixon had a felony warrant for her arrest from 2004. "She knew, which is probably why she wanted to get her son out of the vehicle and go on her merry way," Daniel said. Nixon was charged Thursday with fleeing police, operating without insurance and registration and driving on a suspended license. The license plate on the Chrysler 300 also didn't match the car. Copyright 2017 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved. × Top Stories Woman caught on dashcam sucker-punching Lincoln Park officer Police release sketch of man wanted in connection with throwing brick,… Some sunshine returns with warmth Saturday Woman leads Shelby Twp. police on 100 mph chase after dropping off son… Muslim man files $100M lawsuit against Dearborn Little Caesars over… Latest Videos Ten-year-old fighting back against scleroderma Police release sketch of man wanted in connection with throwing brick,… Woman caught on dashcam sucker-punching Lincoln Park officer 2-year-old girl recovering after being hit in head by brick thrown… U.S. and World News Airline passenger opens door, jumps onto tarmac, authorities say Man shouting 'anti-everything slurs' kills 2 in Portland, police say DHS secretary: Electronics ban may expand Florida woman missing at sea 2 Texas children die in hot car Trending https://www.clickondetroit.com
Outside investigation launched in arrest of Miss Black Texas - KTRE.com | Lufkin and Nacogdoches, Texas Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME East Texas Kitchen See It, Snap It, Send It Only on KTRE 9 News Text and email alerts KTRE 9 To Go mobile app FirstAlert KTRE 9 Weather mobile app Video Our Thoughts on the Matter Arcade BFF: Best Furry Friends News Investigates Texas Headlines National International Only on KTRE 9 News Terrorism around the world SeeClickFix The Loop Weather Live Streaming Radar KTRE First Alert ThunderCall KTRE Weather Tools TxDOT Current Road Conditions Current Texas Burn Bans Sunrise and Sunset Times Texas Road Conditions Texas Lake Levels Moon Phase Calendar Sports West squads sweep Azalea Orthopedic All-Star games Press Release: Cowboys officially release Tony Romo Saturday Results: Three East Texas teams advance to state Cowboys 2017 schedule released Zach Conque Signs Free Agent Contract with Houston Texans Area Round Results - ETX softball teams advancing in playoffs Bi-District Results - ETX baseball teams advancing in playoffs Collegiate Commissioners Association greenlights early signing period for football SFA baseball will open up Southland Conference Tournament against SHU Red Zone Faces Red Zone Scores and Schedules Red Zone Access Video Investigates Texas on pace to set record for investigations into relationships between students and teachers Document dates ex-Zavalla coach's behavior to 2010 Woden ISD incident Documents: State began investigating ex Zavalla coach in July Win Stuff Catch of the Week Brad Said It Would Umbrella Giveaway In The Kitchen Apron Giveaway Coffee Mug Giveaway Good Morning East Texas Birthday Club TV Community Noticias ETX About Us East Texas News Team Contact KTRE Advertise on KTRE Digital Sales KTRE Jobs TV Ratings Guide Closed captioning EEO Summary Reports Outside investigation launched in arrest of Miss Black Texas 2017-05-26T15:52:22Z2017-05-26T15:52:22Z COMMERCE, Texas (AP) - An east Texas city has asked a law firm to investigate the arrest of Miss Black Texas 2016 after she and officers gave differing accounts of the incident. Carmen Ponder says Commerce police arrested her Saturday after a confrontation with a motorist who made a racist and sexist comment toward her. Ponder identified the driver as Police Chief Kerry Crews. She says officers arrested her as she left a Wal-Mart and told her to apologize to Crews, which she refused. The city says in a statement issued Thursday that Crews was shopping off-duty and responded to the incident, but wasn't driving the truck. The chief has been placed on leave during the investigation. Ponder's attorney says she may have misidentified the driver, but she was still wrongfully arrested. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Can't Find Something? 358 TV Road Pollok, TX 75969 (936) 853-5873 FCC Public File publicfile@ktre.com (936) 853-5873 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Hot Topics: Little Train Starts Up US 34 Reopens TVHS Baseball New Principals Colo. Eagles Chase Title Fun in NoCo New Restaurant RH Line Police Calls Daily Record: Loveland police calls May 24-25, 2017 Posted:   05/25/2017 10:48:27 PM MDT Wednesday Arrests • 2:00 p.m. In the 1400 block of North Boyd Lake Avenue, a 24-year-old Longmont man on suspicion of misdemeanor driving under the influence of alcohol, misdemeanor operating a vehicle without insurance and possession of an open container of marijuana in a vehicle. • 3:58 p.m. In the 1100 block of Cynthia Court, a 49-year-old Loveland woman on two felony warrants alleging failure to appear in court on drug charges, and two misdemeanor warrants alleging failure to appear in court on an assault charge and a driving under revocation charge. • 10:59 p.m. In the 2500 block of Rocky Mountain Avenue, a 63-year-old Elbert man on suspicion of misdemeanor driving under the influence of alcohol. Thursday Arrest • 9:28 p.m. At the intersection of West Fourth Street and North Garfield Avenue, a 32-year-old Laurel, Mont., man on a misdemeanor warrant alleging battery. Other Notable Calls Wednesday • 1 p.m. Hit-and-run in the 4300 block of Arriba Avenue. • 1 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of East Eisenhower Boulevard and North Madison Avenue. • 1 p.m. Assault at McKee Medical Center, 2000 N. Boise Ave. • 2 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of Rocky Mountain Avenue and McWhinney Boulevard. • 3 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of West 22nd Street nad North Taft Avenue. Advertisement • 3 p.m. Trespassing in the 4100 block of Stoneham Circle. • 4 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of North Boise Avenue and East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 4 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident at the intersection of North Washington Avenue and East First Street. • 4 p.m. Theft at Wal-Mart, 1325 N. Denver Ave. • 5 p.m. A motor vehicle accident with injury in the 5700 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 5 p.m. A noninjury motor vehicle accident in the 4400 block of East Eisenhower Boulevard. • 5 p.m. Fraud in the 2300 block of Turquoise Street. • 6 p.m. Shoplifting at Hobby Lobby, 3133 N. Garfield Ave. • 6 p.m. Assault at Loveland High School, 920 W. 29th St. • 8 p.m. Theft in the 2600 block of North Monroe Avenue. • 9 p.m. Vandalism in the 1800 block of North Madison Avenue. Thursday • 7 a.m. Trespassing in the 3400 block of North Douglas Avenue. • 8 a.m. theft in the 5100 block of Coral Burst Circle. • 9 a.m. Fraud in the 1800 block of West Eisenhower Boulevard. • 10 a.m. Fraud in the 500 block of North Lincoln Avenue. Addresses in the Daily Record indicate only where police contact took place and should not imply contact with businesses or residences nearby. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Woman arrested on suspicion of child abuse resulting in death Fort Collins police arrest suspect in burglaries 70-year-old Berthoud man convicted for possession, distribution of child pornography   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
SUBSCRIBE NOWMemorial Day Sale Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Why kale is everywhere: How food trends are born Identifying up-and-coming food trends is equal parts art and science Post to Facebook Why kale is everywhere: How food trends are born Identifying up-and-coming food trends is equal parts art and science  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2s4KMMG {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Why kale is everywhere: How food trends are born Samantha Bomkamp, Chicago Tribune Published 4:05 p.m. ET May 26, 2017 | Updated 10 hours ago Chef Kathleen Hoffman, left, and product developer Ebru Basaydin look through mixed greens Thursday, May 11, 2017, at US Foods in Rosemont, Ill. (Photo: Erin Hooley / TNS) CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Kale has had quite a run. Less than a decade ago, the leafy green vegetable was used primarily for decoration on salad bars. Now kale, known for its health benefits, is so ubiquitous that even McDonald’s uses it in salads. There are kale chips and kale crackers. And its appearance on Midwestern restaurant menus has soared nearly 1,300 percent over the last four years, according to Datassential, a Chicago-based food data firm. Za’atar, a Middle Eastern spice blend, may not be as familiar to many Americans, but it plays a starring role in one of the salads Starbucks recently rolled out in Chicago as part of its new lunch menu. As Americans increasingly demand exotic flavors, spices like za’atar are expected to become more common on menus. Identifying up-and-coming food trends is equal parts art and science, and it’s a process that some in the food industry pay a lot of attention to. “The cronut went from nothing to Time magazine in no time; others peak and fall off,” said Stacie Sopinka, vice president of innovation and product development at US Foods, a Rosemont, Ill.-based food distributor. Food trends are influenced by a wide range of factors, from fashion and pop culture to health fads. They’re sometimes created by chefs, often in the world of fine dining, and then mimicked and re-purposed by other restaurateurs. Sometimes, it’s a consultant or distributor working with a big brand to develop a product that fills menu holes for a food company, whether it be a new beverage or a salad topping. The trends are monitored by companies that measure, track and report on them, making it easier for other companies to jump on the bandwagon. Datassential, one of several companies that track trends, calls that pattern the “menu adoption cycle.” Trends in the inception phase often start in fine-dining establishments and independent ethnic restaurants or markets, where the food item is considered unique in the way it’s prepared, presented and tastes. Piri piri sauce, a spicy and tangy topping from Portugal, and togarashi, a Japanese spice blend, are in that phase now. Both meet consumers’ growing demand for exotic spices, according to Datassential. The adoption phase is when mainstream restaurants catch on to the trend. Early adopters tend to be gastropubs, fast-casual and independent sit-down restaurants, and specialty or gourmet food stores. A restaurant like Rick Bayless’ Xoco would jump on the bandwagon at this point, Datassential’s Mike Kostyo said, but so would Panera, Whole Foods, and even the Cheesecake Factory, which has a sizable menu and tests new dishes often. In the proliferation phase, trends hit the mainstream and often are adjusted to have broad appeal. This means the up-and-coming ingredient is incorporated into burgers, pasta dishes and other menu items mainstream America is likely to consume. Sriracha aioli, a spread that lowers the spice intensity of the Thai pepper sauce, is in the proliferation phase now. It’s often served on sandwiches and with french fries. In the final phase, a food trend can be seen across the industry. Brands like Denny’s and Wal-Mart catch on, but so do convenience stores, schools and office cafeterias. As of late last year, flavors like maple and pesto were in this phase. Some will fade away, while others could hang on for years. Not all trends follow this common cycle. In fact, only about 30 to 40 percent of foods or ingredients in the inception phase ever continue on, according to Datassential. Consider bone marrow, a popular sight at some high-end restaurants, but not something that would ever make its way to a fast-food chain. US Foods, which supplies restaurants with everything from produce to prepared meat, helps restaurants get on board with the latest food trends, with a special emphasis on the desires of millennials, the fastest growing segment of the U.S. population. In 2011, the company rebranded, conducted extensive research and began positioning itself to better provide trendy ingredients to independent restaurants. That same year, it launched its own branded line of products, Sopinka said. The items US Foods developed have to fill a lot of holes: The products have to be able to be used in multiple ways, be healthy but still flavorful, and in some cases, be fully cooked so that restaurants can save labor hours — a critical expense. The company’s offerings have evolved to include products ranging from riced cauliflower, which can be used in gluten-free pizza crust and sides and salads, to chicken shawarma that is fully cooked and ready to heat and serve. “We don’t need to be first. For us, it’s a matter of figuring out which ones are going to stick,” Sopinka said. Kerry, an Irish developer of seasonings, sauces and flavorings, is also a major player in menu consultation and the translation of trends. When a major quick-service chain like McDonald’s wants to develop a new burger, Kerry, which has its North American headquarters in Beloit, Wis., pulls all the burger concepts developed industrywide over the last several years and examines everything from buns to toppings, looping in current trends, said Elissa Rempfer, Kerry’s food service marketing research and insights manager. The resulting tests usually show up in fast-food restaurants as limited-time offers. Because chains have huge footprints and need to appeal to a wide range of people, they aren’t often early adopters of trends. To help chains get in on the game, companies like Kerry often take a trend, like smoke flavoring, and mix it with something familiar, like mocha or vanilla, Rempfer said. While an independent restaurant might try something bold like smoked ice cream, chains tend to opt for a more subdued interpretation. For example, Starbucks got in on the smoke trend with a Smoked Butterscotch Latte. CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2s4KMMG TOP VIDEOS Flyover of the Little Caesars Arena neighborhood 0:38 Spirit airlines unveils new maintenance hangar at DTW 1:24 Raw video: Taking a hot lap on Belle Isle 3:58 Little Caesars world headquarters hosts 'topping out' ceremony 1:33 Entrepreneur/actor Hill Harper an admirer of Detroit 2:55 Construction continues on M-59 1:51 Packard site owner: 'We will not fail' 2:56 QLine prepares for its debut 1:35 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51 Mayor Mike Duggan on the new Flex-N-Gate facility 0:47
null
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • Celebrities •  Royal Family Lifestyle Beauty Entertainment Movies Health Religion One News Page > Celebrities > Aaron Rodgers Still Dating ‘Baywatch’ Babe Kelly Rohrbach Aaron Rodgers Still Dating ‘Baywatch’ Babe Kelly Rohrbach Friday, 26 May 2017 (20 hours ago) Aaron Rodgers and Baywatch actress Kelly Rohrbach are still going strong, RadarOnline.com has learned. The pair were first photographed together on April 28, golfing and holding hands in California. Only a few weeks after that, Rohrbach was linked to Walmart billionaire Steuart Walton. But an insider told Radar that Rodgers hasn’t been dumped. PHOTOS: JoJo Read More » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   You Might Like Recent related news Aaron Rodgers Dumped! Kelly Rohrbach Is Dating This Billionaire HottieThe post Aaron Rodgers Dumped! Kelly Rohrbach Is Dating This Billionaire Hottie appeared first on OK! Magazine. OK! Magazine 1 week ago - Celebrities Other recent news in Celebrities Brad Pitt, Pharrell and More Celebrity Pals Attend CHRIS CORNELL's Funeral Ben Stiller and CHRISTINE TAYLOR Announce Split After 17 Years of Marriage SCOTT DISICK Caught Cozying Up to Another Woman After Spotted With Bella Thorne and Chloe Bartolli Kanye West Surprises KIM KARDASHIAN With Huge Flower Bouquets Again for Wedding Anniversary Kendall Jenner, BELLA HADID and More Recreate Iconic Supermodels Bathtub Photo BRAD PITT to Remove His Angelina Jolie Tattoos to Have a 'Fresh Start' HILLARY CLINTON Masterfully Trolls Trump In Her Wellesley Commencement Address! Watch! Loose Women: John Barrowman nearly DROPS Andrea McLean as they recreate famous DIRTY DANCING scene Ariana Grande Releases A New Statement About The MANCHESTER ATTACK — Read Her Heartfelt Words HERE! It's Serious With THE WEEKND! Selena Gomez Gushes About Being In The Honeymoon Phase: 'It's The Best Feeling In The Whole World' Twitter Facebook Page People Donald Trump Jared Kushner Zbigniew Brzezinski Ben Stiller Christine Taylor Current Topics Kremlin Secret Communications Bitcoin Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Trump Vows To Punish The Manchester Attack Leaker The Nokia 3310 Revival Has Arrived - But Is It Worth It? Trying To Avoid Trump? Don't Blend In With The Curtains UK Election: Campaigning To Begin Again Nationwide On Friday Remembering Roger Moore Manchester Bombing: The UK Adjusts MOVIE REVIEW: Alien: Covenant Which Social Network Brings Us Down The Most? Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
Skip to main content Search Brookings Search About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Search   The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution Future Development Reads: Impact investing, impact sourcing, and international development Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print SMS More Reddit Google Stumbleupon Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More Search Menu Trending U.S. Foreign Policy Future Development Future Development Reads: Impact investing, impact sourcing, and international development Indermit Gill Friday, May 26, 2017 Future Development Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Email Print SMS More Reddit Google Stumbleupon With aid money getting scarcer, official development agencies are reluctantly recognizing what should have been obvious all along: private investors are the most important actors in development.  Steps to improve the investment climate and remove obstacles to markets should rise to the top of the development agenda. There will also be more initiatives to cajole or coerce private enterprises into doing development, instead of ‘just’ maximizing shareholder value.  Author Indermit Gill Director, Duke Center for International Development, Sanford School of Public Policy, Duke University Impact investments involve actively looking for social and environmental benefits alongside financial returns.  “Benefit Corporation” is a certification given to firms that show that they care about the environment, workers, and the community (Ben and Jerry’s is a B-Corp). In the U.S., impact investing and benefit corporations are gaining traction. However, this is less true in development circles.  The B-Corp concept has been around for more than a decade though, and it won’t go away.  I think that’s because it appeals to the young. The latest twist is impact sourcing, where large enterprises are encouraged to not just tap talent in poorer countries—they hardly need any encouragement for that—but to outsource work to poor but talented people in developing economies. Students here at Duke University’s Sanford School of Public Policy seem excited by the prospects of impact sourcing.  One of them, Ankur Singh Chawla (who has a freshly minted Master’s in Public Policy diploma), told me this: The impact sourcing model is a meaningful new form of poverty reduction, if only because it hasn’t really been tried before. But it’s not yet a popular or trendy topic in international development, because it’s still seen just as a form of business process outsourcing (BPO). Case in point: impact sourcing has until recently been promoted by management consulting firms. Deloitte, Accenture, Avasant and others have used the model to provide companies with socially responsible outsourcing options. These firms have partnered with the Rockefeller Foundation, which sponsors a major impact sourcing initiative for sustainable job growth in Africa. Related Future Development How to defeat terrorism: Intelligence, integration, and development Norman Loayza Monday, July 25, 2016 Future Development Will the world reach 10 billion people? Samir K.C. and Wolfgang Fengler Friday, September 4, 2015 Future Development Three reasons why the economy of Bosnia and Herzegovina is off balance Ellen Goldstein, Simon Davies, and Wolfgang Fengler Thursday, November 5, 2015  But recently, impact sourcing is showing the potential to become a poverty reduction model that can be scaled by development institutions (the World Bank released a report in 2015 that profiled the model). Samasource, a large nonprofit has turned impact sourcing from BPO into a development initiative. It connects large clients such as Walmart and Mastercard with well-trained young people in work centers in Africa and India. Samasource has a program that targets the poorest people, trains them as workers, and gives them jobs for about a year after which they are sent onwards with training and experience in the IT sector. Maybe older folk will eventually get it.  Take a look at this interview of Philippe Le Houérou, the CEO of the International Finance Corporation, the mother of all impact investors with more than $11 billion in investments in 2016.  Philippe is on the wrong side of 60, but I think he’s on the right side of development. IFC 3.0, the organization’s new strategy, aims to increase the developmental impact of IFC’s investments and those of its private sector partners.  This month, as he completed a year as the Corporation’s head, Philippe said. “I wanted to put development impact at the heart of what IFC does — that was my first year. For my second year, I want to put IFC at the heart of development impact.” As impact investing goes global, the question might soon become: Can “triple-bottom-line” companies that care about financial, social and environmental returns replace traditional development actors? My answer is: no, but they could help. Future Development This blog was first launched in September 2013 by the World Bank in an effort to hold governments more accountable to poor people and offer solutions to the most prominent development challenges. Continuing this goal, Future Development was re-launched in January 2015 at brookings.edu. For archived content, visit worldbank.org » Related Topics Business & Industry Developing Economies Economic Development Global Development More Future Development Future Development Reads: Inequality, universal basic income, and subsidy reform in MENA Shanta Devarajan Friday, May 12, 2017 Developing Economies Fertilizing growth: Agricultural inputs and their effects in economic development John McArthur Tuesday, April 4, 2017 2017 Mar 20 Past Event Sustainable Development Agenda 2030 and women’s empowerment: Areas for U.S.-Japan cooperation 10:00 AM - 11:30 AM EDT Washington, DC The Brookings Institution Facebook Find us on Facebook Twitter Find us on Twitter YouTube Find us on YouTube Podcast Listen to our Podcast Browse Newsletters Browse Newsletters RSS Subscribe to our RSS Languages Español 中文 عربي About Us Research Programs Find an Expert For Media Careers Contact Terms and Conditions Brookings Privacy Policy Copyright 2017 The Brookings Institution The Brookings Institution Close Trending U.S. Foreign Policy Topics Cities & Regions Global Development International Affairs U.S. Economy U.S. Politics & Government More About Us Experts Events The Brookings Press Brookings Exec Ed Support Brookings Careers Cart ... Get daily updates from Brookings Enter Email Close Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main content Home News Senate House Campaign Administration Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Regulation Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events Past Events About People Campaign Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  TheHill.com © 1996-2017 News Communication Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Top menu News Senate House Administration Campaign Business Regulation Media Briefing Room State Watch Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Opinion Contributors Columnists Become a Contributor Congress Blog Video Campaign Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events Lawmaker Interviews Events Upcoming Events About Jobs Facebook Twitter Google Plus LinkedIn  Search form Search TRENDING: Donald Trump James Comey ObamaCare Just In... Tim Kaine's son charged with misdemeanor after Trump rally incident Senate — 3h 14m ago Carter national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski dies at 89 Blog Briefing Room — 3h 32m ago Dem: Kushner 'should be prosecuted for lying' on security form House — 3h 41m ago Russian bank owners sue BuzzFeed over publishing dossier Media — 3h 51m ago State Dept. lifts limit on refugee admissions Administration — 4h 34m ago White House to share info on ethics waivers Administration — 4h 53m ago Kushner had three undisclosed contacts with Russian envoy: report Blog Briefing Room — 5h 32m ago DNC calls for Kushner to be fired from WH position Blog Briefing Room — 5h 39m ago view all   We ended slavery, so why exploit people with a $7.25 minimum wage? By Morris Pearl and Marc Morial, Opinion Contributors - 05/26/17 03:00 PM EDT 869   As Americans, we have always tried to do better, to live up to the ideals upon which we were founded 240 years ago. When Thomas Jefferson wrote about the self-evident truth that “all men are created equal,” but excluded women, we corrected his mistake. When he wrote that power is derived from the consent of the governed, but left out nonwhite citizens, we corrected his mistake. And when the Founding Fathers allowed Americans to buy and sell their fellow humans as property — America’s original sin — we corrected this injustice. Or did we? More than 150 years after we ended slavery, we continue to exploit human labor in a misguided attempt to maximize profits for the aristocrats and oligarchs.  ADVERTISEMENT The slaves and indentured servants who helped maintain elitist bureaucrats’ station in life were paid nothing for their labor. After nearly two-and-a-half centuries of progress — 240 years in which America has progressed from being “young, scrappy and hungry” to being a global super power — we have moved from unpaid slavery to a $7.25 federal minimum wage. We are still exploiting the least of us for the benefit of those with the most.   Is this the best we can do? Is this progress we can be proud of? Working 40 hours per week at the federal minimum wage, a worker will earn just $290 per week or $15,080 per year before taxes — assuming that worker takes no vacation days, never gets sick, and works Christmas, Thanksgiving and every other holiday. That leaves just $1,250 per month to cover essential needs like housing, food, clothing and transportation. It’s just not sustainable. Families supported by minimum wage jobs are excluded from America’s promise. There is no opportunity to spend time with children, to build wealth or to even participate in civic life. We may have left the plantations, but for too many Americans, the realities aren’t much different today than they were at Mt. Vernon. To help these families survive — not succeed, but merely survive — the government has developed a number of programs like the Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF), food stamps and Medicaid. This helps fill the gap between a full day’s pay and the dollars needed to subsist, but these programs were intended as a safety net, not as a subsidy to corporations who refuse to pay even a subsistence wage.  That is exactly what they have become — Walmart and McDonald’s even help their employees with the application process for public assistance. But welfare comes with strings and a stigma. And what clearer, and more humiliating, sign can an employer send to an employee than to say, “We don’t even think you’re worth a living wage”? Government programs are not the solution, except for those who are truly the most vulnerable members of our society. The solution is to guarantee that every American who works a full-time job can earn a salary that meets their basic needs and lets them participate in their family, in public life and in the economy. The solution is to attach value to the jobs our neighbors do — and to our neighbors themselves — by showing them that we attach value to their labor. The solution is to rid ourselves of our original sin and remove the last vestiges of a slave culture we claim to have rejected more than a century and a half ago.  The solution is to raise the minimum wage and ensure that it’s a living wage. The moral argument for doing so is clear. The economic argument should be clear as well. In an economy that is 70 percent driven by consumer demand, putting more money into people’s pockets means putting more money into the economy, and the closer a worker is to “just making ends meet,” the faster every additional dollar they have is returned to the economy — a concept known as the velocity of money. Put another way, raising the minimum wage instantly pumps millions of dollars into the economy. It’s good for the individual, good for business and good for the country as a whole.  In nine years, America will celebrate our 250th birthday. We have come a long way in that time, but we still have far to go. Will we be a nation that has moved closer to the ideals of equality so critical to our founding, or will we still be struggling to erase the lingering residue of slavery, our original sin?  If we truly do hope to be an ever more perfect union, the answer should be clear. Morris Pearl is chairman of the Patriotic Millionaires, a group of wealthy Americans dedicated to equality for all people. He was previously a managing director for investment firm BlackRock. Marc Morial is president of the National Urban League and the former mayor of New Orleans. The views of contributors are their own and are not the views of The Hill. Tags Minimum wage economy Marc Morial Morris Pearl   View the discussion thread. Contributor's Signup Sign up to become a Contributor Most Popular Most Popular Discussed Past: 1 day 1 DHS chief: If you knew what I knew... Homeland Security Secretary John Kelly on Friday said the terror threat is... 409 Shares 2 GOP leaders launch internal review... House GOP leaders have launched an internal review into how someone... 151 Shares 3 DNC calls for Kushner to be fired... The Democratic National Committee (DNC) on Friday called for President... 139 Shares 4 Senate Intel Committee demands... The Senate Intelligence Committee has reportedly asked President Trump's... 104 Shares 5 Kushner wanted secure line with... Jared Kushner reportedly talked with a top Russian official in early... 102 Shares 6 State Dept. lifts limit on refugee... The State Department quietly lifted its restriction on the number of... 75 Shares 7 Republicans go to battle over pre-... Sen. John Thune (S.D.) said he thinks a Senate bill will allow states to... 73 Shares 8 Dem: Kushner 'should be prosecuted... Democratic Rep. Ted Lieu (Calif.) is calling for President Trump's senior... 72 Shares 9 Boehner: Tax reform is 'just a... Former Speaker John Boehner (R-Ohio) said Wednesday that plans for massive... 71 Shares 10 DNC calls for suspension of... Reports emerged earlier Thursday that Kushner is under FBI scrutiny. 62 Shares 11 US to attempt first ICBM intercept... The Pentagon will attempt to shoot down an intercontinental missile for... 61 Shares 12 White House considering vetting... Trump's team is considering vetting his social media posts as part of... 61 Shares 13 Russian bank owners sue BuzzFeed... BuzzFeed calls lawsuit a “shameless attempt to bully and intimidate” the... 60 Shares 14 Comey acted on Russian intel known... Former FBI Director James Comey acted on key information created by... 58 Shares 15 Five takeaways from the Montana... Republicans across the country breathed a sigh of relief late Thursday... 47 Shares Load more More From The Web SPONSORED Don't miss a brief. Sign up for our daily email. Your Email News Senate House Campaign Administration Regulation Media Briefing Room Latino Polls 12:30 Report Floor Action In The Know Sunday Talk Shows More Policy Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology International Transportation Cybersecurity National Security More Video Latest Defense Energy & Environment Finance Healthcare Technology Transportation International Cybersecurity National Security Sunday Shows Events More Opinion Columnists Contributors Congress Blog More TheHill.com Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions Contact Subscriptions Advertise Resources The Hill Apps Mobile Site People RSS Contributors Become a Contributor Other Areas Special Reports Galleries Classifieds Jobs The Hill 1625 K Street, NW Suite 900 Washington DC 20006 | 202-628-8500 tel | 202-628-8503 fax The contents of this site are ©2017 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp., a subsidiary of News Communications, Inc.
News National Sports Events Movies & TV Music Videos New Releases Live Reviews Album Reviews Music Premieres Features Digital Covers Opinion Lists Style Fashion Lifestyle Vixen Viva Share < br />this article: Police Chief Under Investigation For Allegedly Calling Beauty Queen “Black B***h” During Arrest News Luria Freeman @CandidlyLuria | May 26, 2017 - 2:12 pm Share < br />this article: CREDIT: WFAA Police Chief Kerry Crews of Commerce, Texas, is currently under investigation for allegedly unlawfully arresting 23-year-old Carson Ponder, Miss Black Texas U.S. Ambassador 2016, and calling her a “black b***h.” READ Connecticut Police Say They’ve Viewed Video Of Unarmed Teen Shot By Officer One side of the incident is recounted by Facebook user Lee Merritt. Ponder also told her side of the story to WFAA, maintaining her innocence and sharing that the incident only fuels her desire to become an attorney. A press release by from the City of Commerce denies that the police chief had any violent involvement in the incident, instead asserting that he was only in the Walmart parking lot to diffuse an argument between Ponder and another motorist. However, he has been placed on administrative duty while the investigation is ongoing. Recommended for you Premiere: Rebstar And LE SINNER Bounce Through The Club On “Hello Kitty” Ariana Grande Plans To Hold Benefit Concert Following Manchester Arena Bombing Aminé & Kehlani Are Giving Us The “Heebiejeebies” In The Best Possible Way Drake’s OVO Collaboration With Clarks Is Here (But Probably Just Sold Out) LeBron James Passes Michael Jordan For New All-Time Record Beloved “Cries In Spanish” Actress Reprises Famous Role In New ‘OITNB’ Teaser Around The Web The VIBE Mix Newsletter Thank you for signing up for our newsletter. You will receive a confirmation shortly. Sign Up Featured Stories Musiq Soulchild's 'Juslisen' And The Art Of Writing About Love NEXT: Consider ELHAE An Alchemist Of Modern R&B Moods Ashanti Reflects On Her Record-Breaking Debut Album Exhume Those Bodies: Remembering 21 Of The Most Influential Women Artists In The Last Century NEWS MUSIC FEATURES STYLE VIXEN LISTS VIVA CONTACT US Vibe.com is a member of Billboard Music, a division of Billboard-Hollywood Reporter Media Group. Privacy Policy Copyright Billboard | The Hollywood Reporter | SPIN | VIBE | deathandtaxesmag | Stereogum
null
Wharton, University of Pennsylvania The K@W Network: English 简体中文 繁體中文 Español Portugués Log In Register Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Rows Knowledge @ Wharton Search World Search Topics Finance Innovation Leadership Marketing Management Public Policy Social Impact Technology Regions North America Asia-Pacific Europe Latin America Middle East & Africa Global Focus Research K@W Radio More Books Videos Opinion Sponsor Collaborations Reports About About Us Our Team Media Room News Feeds Partnerships Feedback Technology Is Privacy Still a Big Deal Today? May 25, 2017 Opinion North America Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Google+ Email Print Comment Quote Supports K@W's Technology Content Americans value their privacy, but they are also resigned to giving up their personal data in order to transact with a company. Is there a better way for both sides to get what they want? This opinion piece by Kartik Hosanagar (@khosanagar) and Tai Bendit examines that question. Hosanagar is a professor of technology and digital business at Wharton. He was previously a cofounder of online marketing firm Yodle Inc. Bendit is a senior at Wharton studying economics with a concentration in operations, information, and decisions. He is joining LinkedIn as a business strategy and analytics analyst. A version of this article was previously published on LinkedIn. Think about the last time you gave up your personal data to a large corporation. Chances are it was within the last few hours especially if you’ve shopped on Amazon, watched Netflix, or even walked into a Rite Aid, Target, or Macy’s with the store app open on your phone. And if you can’t remember exactly where you were, you can check out your Google Maps Timeline, which stores a year’s worth of information about the routes you’ve traveled. Did you mean to give up all that data? Marketers claim that when you give up your personal data, you are participating in a rational “trade-off.” You decide that the benefits of using online tools including search, recommendations and personalized shopping outweigh potential privacy concerns. Indeed, studies have shown that some customers are starting to see targeted advertising as an alternative form of online currency that’s exchanged for free products or customization. But people also respond more favorably to targeted ads when they have the ability to control their privacy settings. But do we feel that we have that control? Consider how much you agree or disagree with the following two statements: 1) “I want to have control over what marketers know about me online.” 2) “I’ve come to accept that I have little control over what marketers can learn about me online.” Sponsored Content: If you agree with both statements, as 58% of Americans did in a 2015 national survey from the University of Pennsylvania, then you’re part of a generation of consumers going through a process of resignation. We want to control our personal data and how it is used, but we’ve mostly given up. We spoke with Joseph Turow, professor of communication at UPenn’s Annenberg School for Communication and author of the book The Aisles Have Eyes. He conducted the survey as part of his research on digital cultural industries. The theme of consumer helplessness with regard to data privacy dominated our conversation with him. Turow’s book is highly critical of the extent of consumer tracking that offline retailers are doing in their stores. This goes beyond just cameras that track aggregate shopper patterns to newer technologies such as beacons that communicate with phones and track movements at the individual level. “We want to control our personal data and how it is used, but we’ve mostly given up.” We don’t believe these technologies are half as problematic for the following reasons: Online stores track us more extensively and warrant more focus from a privacy standpoint (although that distinction may matter less in an increasingly omni-channel world). For beacons to track us, they interact with the store app, which we have to install in the first place — although Turow notes that retailers can also track us through partner apps. Consumer data and analytics deliver great value such as personalized recommendations on Amazon and Netflix. Turow doesn’t completely discount the potential value but isn’t enthused by it either. In fact, he singles out personalized promotions as an example of something that might seem valuable but is not. To see his point, take a look at this next set of statements. Do you agree with them? 1) “Price discrimination is illegal in the United States.” 2) “Most large U.S. corporations engage in price discrimination.” If you answered yes to the first question, you side with a majority of Americans in 2005 and 2015 surveys, who purportedly believed that price discrimination was illegal both online and in stores. Indeed, there are a host of anti-discrimination, privacy, and consumer protection laws in place. But most people underestimate the extent to which price discrimination is a reality in a world of personalized promotions. Turow points out that companies are increasingly using personalized discounts to engage in a form of price discrimination that may not be desirable. Stores like Walmart, Target, and Macy’s uses beacons to track where customers are in their stores so its apps can send them personalized offers. You might be standing in the diaper aisle and be sent a better deal than the person next to you. And the algorithm that determines that discount might use all kinds of factors such as past purchases and zip codes to make that decision. “Is it fair to make [the disclosure of personal information] a necessary condition for a consumer and firm to transact?” A 2015 White House Report investigating the potential impact of big data on price discrimination raised concerns that some consumers might lose out while being left in the dark. Although personalized discounts have been around for a while, mainly based on broader demographic categories, access to data and technology now allows these companies to seamlessly scale targeted advertising and marketing offers. So what can you do if this makes you uncomfortable? It’s not clear that walking away is an option either. By refusing to give up your data, you might miss personalized discounts and end up paying even higher prices. Either way, corporations are teaching us that in order to get along in the 21st century, we need to give up some personal data. One study showed that individuals assign decidedly different values to their personal data, but are in general more willing to disclose sensitive information when others around them are doing the same. Is it fair to make [the disclosure of personal information] a necessary condition for a consumer and firm to transact? And what is a way forward that does not require us to go back to the world before digital and mobile technologies? Today, the answer is not so clear. But because the stakes are high, marketers and privacy advocates will continue to work towards a solution. One potential answer comes from advertising. Driven by their frustration with online advertising, consumers have started installing ad blockers in their browsers. Among my students, more than 50% install ad blockers (almost 75% among my undergraduate students). Ad blocking hurts advertising revenues, so it’s no surprise that this practice has gotten the industry’s attention. To address the issue, the Interactive Advertising Bureau (IAB), an advertising industry organization, has proposed the LEAN advertising program. LEAN — an acronym for light, encrypted, ad choice supported, non-invasive ads — suggests a number of guidelines aimed at protecting user privacy and improving their overall experience with interactive ads. Among the guidelines is the expectation of compliance with the Digital Advertising Alliance’s consumer privacy program. It’s too soon to tell whether LEAN will be widely adopted, but the initiative shows how consumers can take control and get the industry to take action. Supports K@W's Technology Content Citing Knowledge@Wharton Close For Personal use: Please use the following citations to quote for personal use: MLA "Is Privacy Still a Big Deal Today?." Knowledge@Wharton. The Wharton School, University of Pennsylvania, 25 May, 2017. Web. 27 May, 2017 <http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/privacy-a-big-deal/> APA Is Privacy Still a Big Deal Today?. Knowledge@Wharton (2017, May 25). Retrieved from http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/privacy-a-big-deal/ Chicago "Is Privacy Still a Big Deal Today?" Knowledge@Wharton, May 25, 2017, accessed May 27, 2017. http://knowledge.wharton.upenn.edu/article/privacy-a-big-deal/ For Educational/Business use: Please contact us for repurposing articles, podcasts, or videos using our content licensing contact form. Additional Reading Technology How the Waymo-Uber Lawsuit Could Rewrite Intellectual Property Rules The lawsuit brought by Alphabet subsidiary Waymo against ride-hailing app firm Uber over self-driving car technology has experts reexamining how trade secrets are handled. Finance Why a U.S. Tax System Overhaul Would Be ‘a Massive Undertaking’ Tax reform is a hot topic in Washington, but many questions surround the complex issue, both on the personal and the corporate tax side. Sponsored Content Leveraging Customer Analytics for Business Success Wharton professor and analytics expert Peter Fader joins WNS executives Raj SivaKumar and Mike Nemeth to discuss the power of harnessing customer analytics for business success.   Join The Discussion 2 Comments So Far Log In or sign up to comment Robert Jacobson Turow’s study presumes that Americans in fact realize the costs and dangers inherent to giving up their personal information. When working to develop privacy legislation for the California Legislature, I did my own research on this topic — before the Internet was as built out today, a time when citizens instinctively recoiled at the notion of credit bureaus and large institutions having access to this information. In fact, the people were unaware of more than 10% of the actual information-sharing then taking place without their knowledge or consent. By now, that number has shrunken to far less than 1% of the information actually shared, most via the Internet. To then assume that Americans’ proclivity to freely share their personal information is in any way well-informed avoids the bald truth that for the most part we are kept in the dark about the amount and velocity of our passed-around personal information. Ultimately, most Americans are woefully ignorant regarding how access to our personal information makes possible (a) our individual and collective manipulation by commercial and political interests; and (b) our prospective oppression by an authoritarian government. So while your headline for this article may be correct — i.e., Americans are resigned to handing over personal information — the implied suggestion that they will continue to feel this way as the psychic and practical burdens imposed on them exponentially increase, based on this surrender, is well off the mark. The snapback when the social pressure has built up will be remarkable, leaving the pundits scratching their heads and wondering where all the subservient consumers of basically useless “freebies” went. Then business models as well as privacy policy will vastly alter as we enter an era when absolute consent for the sharing of one’s personal information becomes the rule, not an inconvenient anachronism to those who would unilaterally toy with or command us. Robert Jacobson PS I believe that Joseph Turow’s instincts are right on. Our methods of probing deeply in this area are constrained, however, by opposing interests who would prefer we all (except them) be kept in the dark. They and their attorneys work night and day to power up what the late Swedish critic of information imbalance, Jan Ekecrantz, called The Black Flashlight. The Black Flashlight is the media’s typical, reifying “coverage” of a crucial issue, like the integrity of one’s personal information, that results in an absence of illumination and even less public understanding. It is quite difficult to identify, characterize, and respond to a phenomenon when it can’t be accurately described or even detected. And that is our situation here. Knowledge@Wharton Partners View All Partners Partner Collaborations Become a Content Partner The Wharton School is committed to sharing its intellectual capital through the school’s online business journal, Knowledge@Wharton. Podcasts Hear what CEOs, Wharton faculty, and other commentators have to say about the latest business trends, breaking news and market research in their own words. Listen Now stay informed Get Knowledge@Wharton delivered to your inbox every week. Follow us on: Facebook Twitter  LinkedIn About Knowledge@Wharton Become a Content Partner Privacy Policy Feedback All materials copyright of the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 72° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine. A stray severe thunderstorm is possible. High 87F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Thunderstorms in the evening will give way to cloudy skies overnight. A few storms may be severe. Low 66F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall near an inch. Updated: May 27, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Law and order Close 1 of 4 Robert Cohen • rcohen@post-dispatch.com Glen Carbon public works employees board-up a burned home on Dogwood Lane on Friday, March 17, 2017, after a man died in the home early Thursday. The home belongs to Cristy Campbell, who was found dead at Silver Lake after her infant son was rescued from the woman's sinking SUV. Photo by Robert Cohen, rcohen@post-dispatch.com Robert Cohen An SUV that was found in Silver Lake with a baby inside is towed from the scene in Highland, Il. on Thursday, March 16, 2017. Photo by Robert Cohen, rcohen@post-dispatch.com Glen Carbon police Police have released his photo of Cristy L. Campbell, 32, who is a person of interest in the house fire that killed one person in Glen Carbon, Ill., Thursday morning.  A photo of Justin Campbell that was posted to Cristy Campbell's Facebook page on Feb. 13, 2017. Their parents died violent deaths. Now grandparents of 7 Glen Carbon children fighting for guardianship By Allison Colburn St. Louis Post-Dispatch 16 hrs ago (…) +3  Police have released his photo of Cristy L. Campbell, 32, who is a person of interest in the house fire that killed one person in Glen Carbon, Ill., Thursday morning.  Glen Carbon police +3  A photo of Justin Campbell that was posted to Cristy Campbell's Facebook page on Feb. 13, 2017. Robert Cohen • rcohen@post-dispatch.com Glen Carbon public works employees board-up a burned home on Dogwood Lane on Friday, March 17, 2017, after a man died in the home early Thursday. The home belongs to Cristy Campbell, who was found dead at Silver Lake after her infant son was rescued from the woman's sinking SUV. Photo by Robert Cohen, rcohen@post-dispatch.com Robert Cohen An SUV that was found in Silver Lake with a baby inside is towed from the scene in Highland, Il. on Thursday, March 16, 2017. Photo by Robert Cohen, rcohen@post-dispatch.com EDWARDSVILLE • Seven children from Glen Carbon whose parents died in March are now at the center of a struggle over guardianship between their paternal grandparents and their maternal grandmother. According to court documents, Nancy and Henry Campbell of Glen Carbon, the children’s paternal grandparents, filed a petition for guardianship after the parents, Cristy and Justin Campbell, died March 16. More than a month later, Cristy Campbell’s mother, Lenora Brueggemann of Caseyville, filed a counterpetition for guardianship that alleged Nancy and Henry Campbell were forcing the children, five boys and two girls, ages 5 months to 14 years, to adopt a lifestyle that harms their mental health. The counterpetition claims that Nancy and Henry Campbell have: • Forced the children to adopt the couple’s religion, Jehovah’s Witnesses, and to seek converts by going door to door. • Banned contact between the children and Brueggemann because Brueggemann is not a Jehovah’s Witness. • Planned to have the children discontinue their extracurricular activities, including sports. The document says Brueggemann was the primary alternate child care provider for the children before their parents’ deaths. Brueggemann was unable to house all seven children after their parents’ deaths, but the petition says she is working on securing an adequate living situation. “The lives of the children have been disrupted to a severe degree due to the nature of the loss of their parents, and it is not in the best interests of the minor children to discontinue their previous extracurricular activities and force them into a religion which was not the status quo of the biological parents,” Brueggemann’s counterpetition reads. Some of the details of how events unfolded on March 16 remain unclear. But early that morning, six of the children of Cristy and Justin Campbell fled their burning house on Dogwood Lane in Glen Carbon. Some ran to a neighbor’s house, and others found help at a nearby Walmart. Sixteen miles away, about 5:30 a.m. a 911 caller reported an SUV in Silver Lake in Highland. A paramedic reached the scene in time to swim 50 to 75 feet and save a 3-month-old baby, who was floating inside the vehicle with a few inches of air space. Cristy Campbell’s body was found in the lake later that morning. Justin Campbell’s body was found inside the remains of the house. A coroner ruled that he died of a gunshot wound to the head before the house went up in flames. Cristy and Justin Campbell divorced in Madison County in 2012, according to court records. She was awarded custody of the children. A neighbor told the Post-Dispatch in March that she believed Justin Campbell was also living at the house on Dogwood Lane. The couple had a history of domestic issues. Justin Campbell was a manager at a Bob Evans restaurant in Collinsville, and Cristy Campbell worked as a manager with T-J Transport in Highland, and a cocktail waitress at Lumière Place Casino in St. Louis. More government data Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area 2017 St. Louis area homicide map St. Louis Crime Tracker +3  Police have released his photo of Cristy L. Campbell, 32, who is a person of interest in the house fire that killed one person in Glen Carbon, Ill., Thursday morning.  Glen Carbon police +3  A photo of Justin Campbell that was posted to Cristy Campbell's Facebook page on Feb. 13, 2017. Tags Glen Carbon Cristy Campbell Justin Campbell Suv Silver Lake Highland Petition Worship Civil Law Law View (…) comments Breaking News e-newsletter Breaking News from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Get breaking news delivered to your inbox as it develops. This field is required. Sign Up leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Most popular No degree. No skills. So how did she get a nursing job at a St. Louis hospital? Bloody 15 hours in St. Louis city, county leave 4 dead, 8 injured in separate shootings Trump's $4.1 trillion budget slashes Medicaid, food stamps Man performed 'wrestling moves' on 2-year-old before she died, Jefferson County deputies say Raids on St. Louis-area markets tied to illegal cigarette and K2 sales, sources say Follow us Latest in section Police say man is dead after exchange of gunfire with officers in south St. Louis Suspect in fatal shootings arrested walking naked along Tennessee road Belleville woman is charged with DUI in crash that killed husband, injured children Two shooting victims found in north St. Louis Murder charge filed in St. Louis against suspect in fatal shootings in city, county Quick links Current Affairs Government pay Lottery Obituaries Press releases Traffic map Take the dive of a lifetime and win prizes! Get your Father something cool! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Amazon Finally Opens Its Grocery Pickup Stores To Public Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Amazon Finally Opens Its Grocery Pickup Stores To Public May 26, 2017 12:41 pm EDT By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk and we're live amazonfresh amazonFresh pickup amazon groceries shopping grocery pickup Amazon Prime customers in Seattle will now have another option for groceries: Two AmazonFresh pickup sites are open to the general public after an employees-only testing phase. Here’s how it works: Shoppers select their items online and pay for them, and then choose a two-hour window to pick them up from one of two drive-in Amazon locations. If you’re an AmazonFresh member your order will be ready in 15 minutes, but other Prime shoppers will have to wait at least two hours after their order is placed. Once the customer arrives, a license-plate reader checks them in and alerts Amazon and employee brings the groceries out to their car and puts them in the trunk. There’s no order minimum, and the service is free for Prime members. If these first two pickup sites prove to be successful, it’s likely Amazon will consider expanding the service to other locations and cities. It’s also worth noting that this pickup service is a lot like a something Walmart has been offering in certain locations since 2014, which allows customers in a handful of markets to place grocery orders in advance and have them waiting for pickup later in the day. Walmart recently expanded that program to additional cities. Another Amazon foray into grocery shopping isn’t quite ready for primetime yet, however: The company’s Amazon Go checkout-free convenience store concept was supposed to open to the public in March, but that plan was put on hold after apparent hiccups with the cashless technology. (h/t Seattle Times) May 26, 2017 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk and we're live amazonfresh amazonFresh pickup amazon groceries shopping grocery pickup Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related at the drive-in AmazonFresh Pickup Will Deliver Groceries To Your Car grabbing the necessities Amazon Reportedly Opening Convenience Stores & Dedicated Curbside Pickup Sites A physical presence Report: Amazon To Eventually Open As Many As 2,000 Grocery Stores what's in a number? If You Want To Use Amazon Fresh You’ll Have To Pay $299/Year For PrimeFresh First alternate retail realities Amazon Was Thinking About Buying Whole Foods: No, Really. Previous American Airlines Passenger Tries To Bite Flight Attendant Before Jumping To Tarmac Next New Restaurant Hit With $300K Water Bill Before Doors Even Opened Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: New Restaurant Hit With $300K Water Bill Before Doors Even Opened Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***F310 bridge rehabilitation over I-81 at Exit 10: Rehabilitation of the Route F310 bridge over Interstate 81 at exit 10 will begin in the coming weeks.  Signals will be installed to control one-way traffic over the interstate. Also be alert to nighttime lane closures on I-81 near exit 10 due to this effort. (Completion: fall 2018)   ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 29, anticipate additional truck traffic exiting I-81 northbound this week due to paving of the newly constructed northbound road grade. Also be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge work and the paving of the new road grade for northbound I-81.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 29, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017) ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: June 14, 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on northbound I-77 in Wythe County this week due to slope repairs between mile markers 32 and 33 and pavement marking repairs between mile markers 41 and 43.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on southbound I-81 in Wythe County due to pavement marking repairs between mile markers 64 and 61. PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Buchanan County Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) is currently closed between Route 702 (Old Vandyke Hollow) and Route 627 (Young’s Branch) due to a mudslide which occurred April 23.  The road will remain closed for the next few weeks to allow for repairs.  The instability of the slope prohibits VDOT from reopening one lane. Route 624 alternate routes are: From Drill: take Route 624, Route 662 Robinson Fork, Route 620 East to 83 at Vansant. From Vansant: Route 83 West, Route 620 Deskins Road, Route 662 Robinson Fork onto Route 624 **VDOT is working closely with local elected officials on this project, and VDOT is taking all project inquiries. Please call 1-800-FOR-ROAD for project questions.   Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 672 (Stump Town Road): Due to repairs to a cattle guard crossing, VDOT crews will close a portion of Route 672 (Stump Town Road) in Russell County Tuesday, May 30 from 8 a.m. until 3 p.m. The work will be located .38-mile from the intersection of Route 80.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.      Scott County ***Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early June 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: May 2017) Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018).   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Wythe County ***Route 613 railroad crossing repairs: Repairs to the Route 613 (Gunton Park Road) railroad crossing in Wythe County will close the route Wednesday, May 31 from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. Motorists are advised to plan around the closure, as there are no detour routes available. (Completion: May 31)     (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LTE-Advanced Test Equipment Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Boric Oxide Market Analysis and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***F310 bridge rehabilitation over I-81 at Exit 10: Rehabilitation of the Route F310 bridge over Interstate 81 at exit 10 will begin in the coming weeks.  Signals will be installed to control one-way traffic over the interstate. Also be alert to nighttime lane closures on I-81 near exit 10 due to this effort. (Completion: fall 2018)   ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 29, anticipate additional truck traffic exiting I-81 northbound this week due to paving of the newly constructed northbound road grade. Also be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge work and the paving of the new road grade for northbound I-81.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 29, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017) ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: June 14, 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on northbound I-77 in Wythe County this week due to slope repairs between mile markers 32 and 33 and pavement marking repairs between mile markers 41 and 43.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on southbound I-81 in Wythe County due to pavement marking repairs between mile markers 64 and 61. PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Buchanan County Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) is currently closed between Route 702 (Old Vandyke Hollow) and Route 627 (Young’s Branch) due to a mudslide which occurred April 23.  The road will remain closed for the next few weeks to allow for repairs.  The instability of the slope prohibits VDOT from reopening one lane. Route 624 alternate routes are: From Drill: take Route 624, Route 662 Robinson Fork, Route 620 East to 83 at Vansant. From Vansant: Route 83 West, Route 620 Deskins Road, Route 662 Robinson Fork onto Route 624 **VDOT is working closely with local elected officials on this project, and VDOT is taking all project inquiries. Please call 1-800-FOR-ROAD for project questions.   Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 672 (Stump Town Road): Due to repairs to a cattle guard crossing, VDOT crews will close a portion of Route 672 (Stump Town Road) in Russell County Tuesday, May 30 from 8 a.m. until 3 p.m. The work will be located .38-mile from the intersection of Route 80.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.      Scott County ***Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early June 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: May 2017) Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018).   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Wythe County ***Route 613 railroad crossing repairs: Repairs to the Route 613 (Gunton Park Road) railroad crossing in Wythe County will close the route Wednesday, May 31 from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. Motorists are advised to plan around the closure, as there are no detour routes available. (Completion: May 31)     (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LTE-Advanced Test Equipment Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Boric Oxide Market Analysis and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***F310 bridge rehabilitation over I-81 at Exit 10: Rehabilitation of the Route F310 bridge over Interstate 81 at exit 10 will begin in the coming weeks.  Signals will be installed to control one-way traffic over the interstate. Also be alert to nighttime lane closures on I-81 near exit 10 due to this effort. (Completion: fall 2018)   ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 29, anticipate additional truck traffic exiting I-81 northbound this week due to paving of the newly constructed northbound road grade. Also be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge work and the paving of the new road grade for northbound I-81.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 29, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017) ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: June 14, 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on northbound I-77 in Wythe County this week due to slope repairs between mile markers 32 and 33 and pavement marking repairs between mile markers 41 and 43.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on southbound I-81 in Wythe County due to pavement marking repairs between mile markers 64 and 61. PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Buchanan County Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) is currently closed between Route 702 (Old Vandyke Hollow) and Route 627 (Young’s Branch) due to a mudslide which occurred April 23.  The road will remain closed for the next few weeks to allow for repairs.  The instability of the slope prohibits VDOT from reopening one lane. Route 624 alternate routes are: From Drill: take Route 624, Route 662 Robinson Fork, Route 620 East to 83 at Vansant. From Vansant: Route 83 West, Route 620 Deskins Road, Route 662 Robinson Fork onto Route 624 **VDOT is working closely with local elected officials on this project, and VDOT is taking all project inquiries. Please call 1-800-FOR-ROAD for project questions.   Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 672 (Stump Town Road): Due to repairs to a cattle guard crossing, VDOT crews will close a portion of Route 672 (Stump Town Road) in Russell County Tuesday, May 30 from 8 a.m. until 3 p.m. The work will be located .38-mile from the intersection of Route 80.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.      Scott County ***Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early June 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: May 2017) Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018).   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Wythe County ***Route 613 railroad crossing repairs: Repairs to the Route 613 (Gunton Park Road) railroad crossing in Wythe County will close the route Wednesday, May 31 from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. Motorists are advised to plan around the closure, as there are no detour routes available. (Completion: May 31)     (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LTE-Advanced Test Equipment Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Boric Oxide Market Analysis and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***F310 bridge rehabilitation over I-81 at Exit 10: Rehabilitation of the Route F310 bridge over Interstate 81 at exit 10 will begin in the coming weeks.  Signals will be installed to control one-way traffic over the interstate. Also be alert to nighttime lane closures on I-81 near exit 10 due to this effort. (Completion: fall 2018)   ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 29, anticipate additional truck traffic exiting I-81 northbound this week due to paving of the newly constructed northbound road grade. Also be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge work and the paving of the new road grade for northbound I-81.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 29, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017) ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: June 14, 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on northbound I-77 in Wythe County this week due to slope repairs between mile markers 32 and 33 and pavement marking repairs between mile markers 41 and 43.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on southbound I-81 in Wythe County due to pavement marking repairs between mile markers 64 and 61. PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Buchanan County Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) is currently closed between Route 702 (Old Vandyke Hollow) and Route 627 (Young’s Branch) due to a mudslide which occurred April 23.  The road will remain closed for the next few weeks to allow for repairs.  The instability of the slope prohibits VDOT from reopening one lane. Route 624 alternate routes are: From Drill: take Route 624, Route 662 Robinson Fork, Route 620 East to 83 at Vansant. From Vansant: Route 83 West, Route 620 Deskins Road, Route 662 Robinson Fork onto Route 624 **VDOT is working closely with local elected officials on this project, and VDOT is taking all project inquiries. Please call 1-800-FOR-ROAD for project questions.   Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 672 (Stump Town Road): Due to repairs to a cattle guard crossing, VDOT crews will close a portion of Route 672 (Stump Town Road) in Russell County Tuesday, May 30 from 8 a.m. until 3 p.m. The work will be located .38-mile from the intersection of Route 80.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.      Scott County ***Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early June 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: May 2017) Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018).   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Wythe County ***Route 613 railroad crossing repairs: Repairs to the Route 613 (Gunton Park Road) railroad crossing in Wythe County will close the route Wednesday, May 31 from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. Motorists are advised to plan around the closure, as there are no detour routes available. (Completion: May 31)     (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LTE-Advanced Test Equipment Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Boric Oxide Market Analysis and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***F310 bridge rehabilitation over I-81 at Exit 10: Rehabilitation of the Route F310 bridge over Interstate 81 at exit 10 will begin in the coming weeks.  Signals will be installed to control one-way traffic over the interstate. Also be alert to nighttime lane closures on I-81 near exit 10 due to this effort. (Completion: fall 2018)   ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 29, anticipate additional truck traffic exiting I-81 northbound this week due to paving of the newly constructed northbound road grade. Also be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge work and the paving of the new road grade for northbound I-81.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 29, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017) ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: June 14, 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on northbound I-77 in Wythe County this week due to slope repairs between mile markers 32 and 33 and pavement marking repairs between mile markers 41 and 43.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on southbound I-81 in Wythe County due to pavement marking repairs between mile markers 64 and 61. PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Buchanan County Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) is currently closed between Route 702 (Old Vandyke Hollow) and Route 627 (Young’s Branch) due to a mudslide which occurred April 23.  The road will remain closed for the next few weeks to allow for repairs.  The instability of the slope prohibits VDOT from reopening one lane. Route 624 alternate routes are: From Drill: take Route 624, Route 662 Robinson Fork, Route 620 East to 83 at Vansant. From Vansant: Route 83 West, Route 620 Deskins Road, Route 662 Robinson Fork onto Route 624 **VDOT is working closely with local elected officials on this project, and VDOT is taking all project inquiries. Please call 1-800-FOR-ROAD for project questions.   Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 672 (Stump Town Road): Due to repairs to a cattle guard crossing, VDOT crews will close a portion of Route 672 (Stump Town Road) in Russell County Tuesday, May 30 from 8 a.m. until 3 p.m. The work will be located .38-mile from the intersection of Route 80.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.      Scott County ***Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early June 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: May 2017) Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018).   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Wythe County ***Route 613 railroad crossing repairs: Repairs to the Route 613 (Gunton Park Road) railroad crossing in Wythe County will close the route Wednesday, May 31 from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. Motorists are advised to plan around the closure, as there are no detour routes available. (Completion: May 31)     (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LTE-Advanced Test Equipment Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Boric Oxide Market Analysis and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***F310 bridge rehabilitation over I-81 at Exit 10: Rehabilitation of the Route F310 bridge over Interstate 81 at exit 10 will begin in the coming weeks.  Signals will be installed to control one-way traffic over the interstate. Also be alert to nighttime lane closures on I-81 near exit 10 due to this effort. (Completion: fall 2018)   ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 29, anticipate additional truck traffic exiting I-81 northbound this week due to paving of the newly constructed northbound road grade. Also be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge work and the paving of the new road grade for northbound I-81.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 29, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017) ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: June 14, 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on northbound I-77 in Wythe County this week due to slope repairs between mile markers 32 and 33 and pavement marking repairs between mile markers 41 and 43.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on southbound I-81 in Wythe County due to pavement marking repairs between mile markers 64 and 61. PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Buchanan County Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) is currently closed between Route 702 (Old Vandyke Hollow) and Route 627 (Young’s Branch) due to a mudslide which occurred April 23.  The road will remain closed for the next few weeks to allow for repairs.  The instability of the slope prohibits VDOT from reopening one lane. Route 624 alternate routes are: From Drill: take Route 624, Route 662 Robinson Fork, Route 620 East to 83 at Vansant. From Vansant: Route 83 West, Route 620 Deskins Road, Route 662 Robinson Fork onto Route 624 **VDOT is working closely with local elected officials on this project, and VDOT is taking all project inquiries. Please call 1-800-FOR-ROAD for project questions.   Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 672 (Stump Town Road): Due to repairs to a cattle guard crossing, VDOT crews will close a portion of Route 672 (Stump Town Road) in Russell County Tuesday, May 30 from 8 a.m. until 3 p.m. The work will be located .38-mile from the intersection of Route 80.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.      Scott County ***Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early June 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: May 2017) Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018).   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Wythe County ***Route 613 railroad crossing repairs: Repairs to the Route 613 (Gunton Park Road) railroad crossing in Wythe County will close the route Wednesday, May 31 from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. Motorists are advised to plan around the closure, as there are no detour routes available. (Completion: May 31)     (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LTE-Advanced Test Equipment Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Boric Oxide Market Analysis and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 29 – June 4: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***F310 bridge rehabilitation over I-81 at Exit 10: Rehabilitation of the Route F310 bridge over Interstate 81 at exit 10 will begin in the coming weeks.  Signals will be installed to control one-way traffic over the interstate. Also be alert to nighttime lane closures on I-81 near exit 10 due to this effort. (Completion: fall 2018)   ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 29, anticipate additional truck traffic exiting I-81 northbound this week due to paving of the newly constructed northbound road grade. Also be alert to flagging and heavy equipment on Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge work and the paving of the new road grade for northbound I-81.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 29, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018) Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017) ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: June 14, 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on northbound I-77 in Wythe County this week due to slope repairs between mile markers 32 and 33 and pavement marking repairs between mile markers 41 and 43.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on southbound I-81 in Wythe County due to pavement marking repairs between mile markers 64 and 61. PRIMARY HIGHWAYS AND HIGH TRAFFIC SECONDARY ROADS: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Buchanan County Route 624 (Garden Creek Road): Route 624 (Garden Creek Road) is currently closed between Route 702 (Old Vandyke Hollow) and Route 627 (Young’s Branch) due to a mudslide which occurred April 23.  The road will remain closed for the next few weeks to allow for repairs.  The instability of the slope prohibits VDOT from reopening one lane. Route 624 alternate routes are: From Drill: take Route 624, Route 662 Robinson Fork, Route 620 East to 83 at Vansant. From Vansant: Route 83 West, Route 620 Deskins Road, Route 662 Robinson Fork onto Route 624 **VDOT is working closely with local elected officials on this project, and VDOT is taking all project inquiries. Please call 1-800-FOR-ROAD for project questions.   Lee County Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Route 672 (Stump Town Road): Due to repairs to a cattle guard crossing, VDOT crews will close a portion of Route 672 (Stump Town Road) in Russell County Tuesday, May 30 from 8 a.m. until 3 p.m. The work will be located .38-mile from the intersection of Route 80.   Flashing Yellow Arrow Install: The flashing yellow arrow signals have been installed at the intersection of Route 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Route 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon and will be fully operational in the coming weeks. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.      Scott County ***Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early June 2017)   Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)     Wise County ***Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: May 2017) Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installations at the following locations: The Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017) In the Stonega community in Wise County near Appalachia, involving lane closures along Routes 78 and 600.  (Completion: spring 2018).   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)     Wythe County ***Route 613 railroad crossing repairs: Repairs to the Route 613 (Gunton Park Road) railroad crossing in Wythe County will close the route Wednesday, May 31 from 9 a.m. until 3 p.m. Motorists are advised to plan around the closure, as there are no detour routes available. (Completion: May 31)     (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LTE-Advanced Test Equipment Market by Manufacturers,Types,Regions and Applications Research Report Forecast to 2022 Next PostNext Global Boric Oxide Market Analysis and Prediction by Leading Manufacturers, its Application and Types Search Recent Posts Wire Bonder Equipment Market to Grow at a CAGR of 2.88% to 2021 Toyota Celebrates The Sand, Surf & Safety of San Diego’s Beaches Republican Legislators Rejecting Student Loan Refinancing Themselves Attended College at One-Fifth the Cost Today Surprise your dad with Gifts for Fathers Day Surprise your dad with Gifts for Fathers Day Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider   Welcome, {username} Profile | Login Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air CRIME Outside investigation launched in arrest of Miss Black Texas Published May 26, 2017 Associated Press Facebook Twitter Email Print COMMERCE, Texas –  An east Texas city has asked a law firm to investigate the arrest of Miss Black Texas 2016 after she and officers gave differing accounts of the incident. Carmen Ponder says Commerce police arrested her Saturday after a confrontation with a motorist who made a racist and sexist comment toward her. Ponder identified the driver as Police Chief Kerry Crews. She says officers arrested her as she left a Wal-Mart and told her to apologize to Crews, which she refused. The city says in a statement issued Thursday that Crews was shopping off-duty and responded to the incident, but wasn't driving the truck. The chief has been placed on leave during the investigation. Ponder's attorney says she may have misidentified the driver, but she was still wrongfully arrested. Advertisement Trending in US Carter national security adviser Zbigniew Brzezinski dies Police: Man hurling racial slurs kills 2, injures 1 on train Correction: Killer Nurse story Two killed, one injured in stabbings on Portland light rail 2 toddlers found dead in hot car in North Texas Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Newsletters Alerts Podcasts Radio Apps & Products About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Help Email Newsroom Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. 2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes.
Hot50 Events Kidscreen Summit Kidscreen East Asian Animation Summit Awards Kidscreen Awards News Consumer Products From the Mag Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech Events Magazine Latest Issue Magazine Archive Subscribe Contributors All Contributors Lana Castleman Jeremy Dickson Elizabeth Foster Wendy Goldman Getzler Alexandra Whyte Advertise  Newsletter Consumer Products Simon & Schuster re-ups Daniel Tiger’s Neighborhood license The publisher has renewed its master deal for The Fred Rogers Company’s show until 2022. By Alexandra Whyte May 26, 2017 Simon & Schuster is renewing its master publishing deal for The Fred Rogers Company’s Daniel Tiger’s Neighborhood until 2022.The deal was brokered by agent Out of the Blue Enterprises. Out of the Blue has also signed new licensing partners, including Party City (party supplies) and Hallmark (Christmas ornaments) that will begin rolling out products this fall. Other new licenses include Church & Dwight Co. (toothbrush and orajel toothpaste, fall 2017), Fabric Traditions (printed fabric, spring 2018) and SCS Direct (Melamine tableware, icepacks and lunch bags, fall 2017). This summer, The Bentex Group/Dreamwave will also be releasing swimwear for boys and girls sizes 2T-4T on Target.com and boys swim trunks at Walmart.com. Simon & Schuster will be publishing more than 12 new Daniel Tiger books this year in hardcover, trade paperback and eBook formats. The first four books launched this spring and the rest will roll out throughout the year. The animated series is co-produced by New York’s Out of the Blue and Toronto’s 9 Story Media Group. Recently, Amazon secured a multi-year agreement with PBS Distribution, making Amazon Prime Video the exclusive premium streaming service for its raft of popular shows, including Daniel Tiger’s Neighborhood.  TAGS:Daniel Tiger's Neighborhood, Hallmark, Out of the Blue Enterprises, Party City, Simon & Schuster, The Fred Rogers Company About The Author Alexandra Whyte is Kidscreen's Online Writer. Contact her at awhyte@brunico.com // Author Page Related Posts Jakks makes Daniel Tiger’s Neighborhood master toy deal Simon & Schuster takes Daniel Tiger from screen to page Daniel Tiger toys from Jakks to launch this fall Daniel Tiger licensing expansion in store for 2014 Latest Posts Screen Nickelodeon Australia snaps up Beat Bugs By Jeremy Dickson May 26, 2017 Screen Nick bows new Loud House special By Alexandra Whyte May 26, 2017 Consumer Products Ready Brek goes on a Bear Hunt By Alexandra Whyte May 26, 2017 More News Follow @kidscreen Tweets about kidscreen Screening Room Nickelodeon Australia snaps up Beat Bugs Nick bows new Loud House special Ready Brek goes on a Bear Hunt Hasbro reveals details for first-ever fan convention Featured Popular Latest Link 1 Link 2 Link 3 Link 4 Link 5 Link 6 Link 7 Link 8 Link 9 Link 10 This is just some random content to show the different layouts possible Link 1 Link 2 Link 3 Link 4 Link 5 Link 6 Link 7 Link 8 Link 9 Link 10 Company About Kidscreen Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Home Contributors Subscribe Magazine Archive Events Features Hot50 From the Mag Global Pitch Guide Sections Consumer Products Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech ™ Kidscreen is a trademark of Brunico Communications Ltd. Site copyright © 1996-2017 Kidscreen title, tagline and logo are trademarks of, and the events are produced by Brunico Marketing Inc. View our privacy policy Search Recent Topics Kidscreened Nickelodeon apps Disney mobile digital media Cartoon Network Licensing SVOD DHX Media Mattel YouTube Netflix toys CBeebies Hasbro Disney Channel Corus Entertainment Disney XD Toys 'R' Us Top tags Latest Posts Screen Nickelodeon Australia snaps up Beat Bugs By Jeremy Dickson May 26, 2017 Screen Nick bows new Loud House special By Alexandra Whyte May 26, 2017 Consumer Products Ready Brek goes on a Bear Hunt By Alexandra Whyte May 26, 2017 Menu Home News Consumer Products From the Mag Kid Insight Kidscreened Marketing People Moves Screen Tech Events Magazine Latest Issue Magazine Archive Subscribe Contributors All Contributors Lana Castleman Jeremy Dickson Elizabeth Foster Wendy Goldman Getzler Alexandra Whyte Advertise  Newsletter Brand Menu Account Hot50 Events Kidscreen Summit Kidscreen East Asian Animation Summit Awards Kidscreen Awards Our Company We understand your decision to use an ad blocker, however Kidscreen journalism takes time and funding... Subscriptions and advertising are both necessary to fund the journalism we bring to you. Please, whitelist kidscreen.com in your ad blocker and refresh your browser.
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Which agency is hiring?•Lawmaker pushes back on benefit cuts•When will Navy get its bigger fleet? Headlines Get Email Alerts U.S. News Home » The Associated Press » U.S. News » Outside investigation launched in… Outside investigation launched in arrest of Miss Black Texas By The Associated Press May 26, 2017 11:44 am < a min read Share COMMERCE, Texas (AP) — An east Texas city has asked a law firm to investigate the arrest of Miss Black Texas 2016 after she and officers gave differing accounts of the incident. Carmen Ponder says Commerce police arrested her Saturday after a confrontation with a motorist who made a racist and sexist comment toward her. Ponder identified the driver as Police Chief Kerry Crews. She says officers arrested her as she left a Wal-Mart and told her to apologize to Crews, which she refused. The city says in a statement issued Thursday that Crews was shopping off-duty and responded to the incident, but wasn’t driving the truck. The chief has been placed on leave during the investigation. Federal retirement experts sound alarm on Trump's budget proposal Advertisement Ponder’s attorney says she may have misidentified the driver, but she was still wrongfully arrested. Related Topics U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » U.S. News » Outside investigation launched in… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Top Stories 3 things you missed in the president’s 2018 budget request Top Story Hoyer: Cutting federal employee benefits makes agencies a less attractive employer Budget Under Trump’s 2018 budget proposal, here’s one agency that’s hiring Budget As Air Force tries to grow, it’s still kicking out airmen from previous cuts Air Force Pay, benefits and workforce reductions in the President’s 2018 budget proposal Workforce Fed Photo of the Day Sailors, Marines celebrate Fleet Week with 'Cake Boss' treat Today in History 1830: Andrew Jackson signs Indian Removal Act THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 26, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.9205 -0.0024 2.24% L 2020 25.5976 -0.0080 3.69% L 2030 28.5891 -0.0152 5.24% L 2040 30.8167 -0.0199 6.00% L 2050 17.6873 -0.0133 6.69% G Fund 15.3307 0.0010 0.78% F Fund 17.8435 0.0022 1.75% C Fund 33.5942 0.0147 7.16% S Fund 43.2489 -0.0196 5.78% I Fund 28.0385 -0.1001 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Menu Bossip Search Home Celebrities Actors Actresses Musicians Athletes Socialite Model Politician Personality Reality Star WAG Kids Nick Cannon Dave Chappelle Taye Diggs Idris Elba Cuba Gooding Jr. Jamie Foxx Kevin Hart Steve Harvey Terrence Howard Tracy Morgan Eddie Murphy Chris Rock Columbus Short Jaden Smith Will Smith Denzel Washington Jesse Williams Bill Cosby Omari Hardwick Tyrese Angela Bassett Halle Berry Stacey Dash Viola Davis Vivica Fox Meagan Good Taraji P. Henson Zoe Kravitz Sanaa Lathan Lauren London Nia Long Lupita Nyong’o Gwyneth Paltrow Lisa Raye Zoe Saldana Gabourey Sidibe Jada Pinkett-Smith Gabrielle Union Lark Voorhies Kerry Washington Carmelo Anthony Charles Barkley Kobe Bryant Kevin Durant Boobie Gibson Dwight Howard Lebron James Bruce Jenner Brandon Jennings Magic Johnson Michael Jordan Floyd Mayweather, Jr. Lamar Odom Michael Strahan Mike Tyson Dwyane Wade Serena Williams Tiger Woods Nick Young Michael Jordan Beyonce Iggy Azalea Justin Bieber Mariah Carey Keyshia Cole Drake Jay-Z K. Michelle Kendrick Lamar Ludacris Meek Mill Nicki Minaj Nas Rihanna Rick Ross Solange Teyana Taylor Usher Kanye West Wiz Khalifa Blac Chyna Brittny Gastineau Paris Hilton Miss Jackson Paris Jackson Kylie Jenner EJ Johnson Kim Kardashian Kourtney Kardashian Rob Kardashian Khloe Kardashian Odom Nicole Richie Rachel Roy Vera Sidika Angela Simmons Cynthia Bailey Tyra Banks Naomi Campbell Selita Ebanks Melyssa Ford Vida Guerra Iman Chanel Iman Kendall Jenner Tahiry Jose Heidi Klum Bria Murphy Shayne Murphy Eva Pigford Kimora Lee Simmons Chrissy Teigen Tyson Kate Upton Herman Cain Bill Clinton Hillary Clinton Bill De Blasio Rob Ford Eric Holder Bill Maher Nelson Mandela Barack Obama Michelle Obama Condoleeza Rice Condoleezza Rice Amber Rose Aziz Ansari Rocsi Diaz Kris Jenner Suge Knight Mathew Knowles Tina Knowles Bobbi Kristina Spike Lee Don Lemon Bishop Eddie Long Oprah Al Sharpton Karrine Steffans Donald Sterling The Breakfast Club Wendy Williams Bill Maher Kris Jenner Lala Vazquez Mimi Faust Gloria Govan Laura Govan Shaniece Hairston Joseline Hernandez Nene Leakes Evelyn Lozada Draya Michele Apollo Nida Phaedra Parks Karlie Redd Porsha Williams Toya Wright Kim Zolciak Claudia Jordan EJ Johnson Erica Mena Evelyn Lozada Kenya Moore Khloe Kardashian-Odom Jessica Canseco Jackie Christie Coco Tracey Edmonds Eniko Tameka Foster Torrei Hart Karrueche Shamicka Lawrence Tonya Lewis Lee Grace Miguel Nicole Murphy Elin Nordegren Shaunie O’Neal Jada Paul Larsa Pippen Kim Porter Grace Bush Blue Ivy Carter Lil Terrio Terrio North West News Viral Videos We See You Sports Bolitics SMH Jesus Take The Wheel What the Hell??? Exclusives Videos Tips newsletter facebook twitter instagram pinterest youtube rss WATCH MORE WATCH MORE Cop Calls Miss Black Texas A ‘Black B***’ Before Wrongfully Arresting Her 16 hours ago - By Bossip Staff View Comments SMS Here we go again… Miss Black Texas Called A “Black B***” By Cop A black beauty queen’s run-in with a racist Texas cop is making national headlines. Carmen S. Ponder, Miss Black Texas U.S. ambassador 2016, was forced to spend a night in jail after an off-duty cop blasted her as a “black b***” for refusing to cower to him. According to The Root whose been in contact with her attorney Lee Merritt, Ponder found herself driving behind a “dangerous driver” who was swerving in and out of lanes and accelerating suddenly with no provocation. For her safety, Ponder signaled and maneuvered around the driver who was later identified as the 14-year-old daughter of Commerce, Texas, Police Chief Kerry Crews. Later she encountered Crews at a local Walmart who confronted her and called her a “black b***” for driving past his daughter. Ponder ignored him and an irate Crews called for backup and arrested Ponder for “evading arrest.” In a statement to The Root , Merritt’s demanding justice. “Unfortunately, as an official representative of ‘Black Texas,’ Carmen’s story embodies the black experience with law enforcement,” Merritt said. “It is our responsibility to address this reality with sobriety and commitment. We demand justice in this case and will seek it from every possible angle.” There was literally NO reason for this racist cop to arrest this woman. We’ll stay on top of this story in hopes that Ms. Ponder will get justice. Getty Images Categories: Bolitics, Brutality, For Your Information SMS More Stories From Bossip Comments blog comments powered by Disqus Get the Bossip newsletter Trending On Social Bad Influence Becky: Odell Beckham Jr. Missing Practices To Pound Iggy Azalea’s White Privilege Cakes Say What?? Former 3LW Manager Airs Out Adrienne Bailon For…Smashing Kanye? Playas Gon’ Play: ﻿Adrienne Bailon Apologizes To Naturi Naughton For Their Ancient Girl Group Beef Shia LaBeouf Sued for ‘Racist’ Bowling Alley Bar Rant (VIDEO) Viral Bear Attack Hunter Killed The Bear That Attacked Him (VIDEO) Miranda Kerr, Evan Spiegel Getting Married At Home in Backyard Wedding (PHOTOS) Ben Stiller and Christine Taylor Separating Daniel Cormier Says Dana White Not Invited to Wedding, But Send A... Celebrities Kanye West Kim Kardashian Beyonce Rihanna Jay-Z News We See You Sports Bolitics SMH Jesus Take The Wheel What the Hell??? Exclusives We Broke It Here First! Editorials Dear Bossip Quizzes Slideshows Videos Exclusives Crazy Videos Music Videos Celebrity Interviews Entertainment Photos Instagram For Your Viewing Pleasure Bangers Twitpic What is Wrong With This Picture Info About Advertising Contact Tips facebook twitter instagram pinterest youtube facebook twitter instagram pinterest youtube Bossip Mobile App Archives Categories Privacy Policy Terms Bossip Glossary Bossip ® Copyright © 2017 BossipMadameNoire, LLC All Rights Reserved | BHM Digital. | × Search Keywords: Topic Results Load More
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Sell > Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD) Stock Never Had a Chance Eddie Lampert's legacy is unfairly that of the man who killed SHLD stock By Dana Blankenhorn, InvestorPlace Contributor  |  May 26, 2017, 9:50 am EDT     View All   Popular Posts: Should You Buy Bitcoin? 3 Pros, 3 Cons It’s Time General Electric Company (GE) Stock Died Is Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock About to Burst? Recent Posts: Bitcoin: The Feature Is Also the Bug Sears Holdings Corp (SHLD) Stock Never Had a Chance Is Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN) Stock About to Burst? View All Posts Eddie Lampert, fairly or unfairly, will go down in history as the man who killed Sears Holdings Corp (NASDAQ:SHLD). I think it’s an unfair charge, but it’s what SHLD stock holders will remember. Source: Mike Mozart via Flickr Ever since Lampert combined the venerable department store chain with his Kmart in 2004, Lampert has been fighting a rearguard action to save the onetime retail giant. It’s an action that most analysts now see as futile. The combined company’s market cap today is barely over a billion, and SHLD stock opened for trade Friday at $8.43 per share after trading in 2007 for over $190. Every year there are fewer assets, the debt-asset ratio is constantly rising. It’s like watching someone slowly drown. Lampert has drawn criticism for extracting value from the company during its fall, selling off brands and real estate, making himself its principal creditor, making certain he will remain a billionaire even after the company disappears. But could he have done differently, or better? Buffett Says No Legendary Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE:BRK.A) CEO Warren Buffett has said the job was hopeless from the start. Retailers don’t come back, he said in 2005. Once a store has fallen behind its competitors (and Sears had fallen behind decades before Lampert moved on it), it doesn’t come back. The reason is that retailing is about reputation, and goodwill is its chief asset. Customers go where they think they’re getting the best deal. Mainstream department store retailing has been out of fashion for decades. Stores like Macy’s Inc. (NYSE:M) and J C Penney Company Inc (NYSE:JCP), with their high-cost mall locations, were being replaced by discounters like Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) and Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) 40 years ago. Whether Lampert could have saved Kmart is a different question. Kmart claimed a cost structure and margins like Target. Maybe combining it with Sears was a mistake. But even in 2004, Kmart was the third player in the discount market; consolidation was obviously on the horizon, and it lacked scale to evolve into anything more than a Big Lots, Inc. (NYSE:BIG). A Question of Margin The key question remains margin. A small retailer may charge twice as much for a product as they pay for it. A department store chain usually needs margins of 35% to survive. Walmart gets by on 25%. Costco Wholesale Corporation (NASDAQ:COST), which announced another record quarter in the past week, gets by on 13%. Lifestyles have changed. People no longer go to stores to shop. They go there to buy, lists in hand. No one has time for serendipity, or if they do, they let their fingers do the walking and wait for it to pop up on a screen. All of which brings us to Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN). Next Page   1 2 View All View All   Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/sears-holdings-corp-shld-stock-never-had-a-chance/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 8 Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts 7 F-Rated Stocks to Abandon Immediately 4 Technology Stocks to Buy Before They Ride AI to the Sky 3 Top Aerospace & Defense ETF Picks 7 Sports Stocks Everyone Knows — 4 Winners, 3 Losers 10 High-Tech Graduation Gifts for 2017 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts 7 F-Rated Stocks to Abandon Immediately 4 Tech Stocks to Buy Before They Ride AI to the Sky 7 Sports Stocks Everyone Knows — 4 Winners, 3 Losers 3 Aerospace & Defense ETFs on the Move Most Popular The Top 10 S&P 500 Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 10 Hot Stocks That Could Crash 20% or More 10 Best Mutual Funds for Retirement Buy Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock for 35 Cents Now! 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy for 12 Months of Retirement Income 3 Dow Jones Stocks to Buy for a 2017 Breakout Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Marketfy Benzinga Pro Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Rolling A Lucky 7: Can Market Extend Streak As Holiday Weekend Approaches? JJ Kinahan     {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} May 26, 2017 10:30am   Comments Share: Earlier this week, the market was in “recovery” mode after its recent stumble. Now that the S&P 500 Index (SPX) has closed at all-time highs, we might need a new word for this six-day rally. The market continues to stay resilient no matter what gets thrown at it, so maybe “resilient” is the right expression at this point. However, stock futures ticked lower in pre-market trading and it seems conceivable that traders might take some profit ahead of the long weekend. We’ll have to wait and see if the SPX can make it to seven in a row to close out this pre-holiday stretch. One thing that might help: The government raised its estimate Friday for Q1 growth to 1.2%, a significant change from its previous 0.7% projection and above Wall Street analysts’ consensus of 0.9%. While 1.2% growth is still weak, the adjustment from the earlier figure seems to provide more evidence of better economic health, and the SPX started to crawl higher in futures trading after the number crossed the tape. The SPX’s win streak marks the 11th time the large-cap index has risen for six sessions in a row in the past five years, MarketWatch reported. Nasdaq also set a new high. Once again, info tech stocks were among the leading sectors driving the market higher as nine of 11 sectors gained. Investors continued to take comfort from Fed minutes released this week that promised a structured and gradual winding down of the Fed’s balance sheet. On the earnings side, more good news came late Thursday as Costco Wholsale Corporation (NASDAQ: COST) beat Wall Street analysts’ expectations for revenue and earnings per share, while same-store sales rose 5%. Those results continue a recent stretch of better tidings from the retail industry. COST is just the latest big company to report a strong quarter, another reminder of the contribution earnings growth played in the market’s rally to record highs. Crude oil took it on the chin Thursday, falling below $50 a barrel despite OPEC extending its production cuts by an additional nine months. Many had expected the cartel to cut production even more from current levels, thinking that’s what it would take to bring supply back into line as U.S. production continues rising. So the market might be reflecting disappointment that OPEC didn’t go further. Oil prices edged up a little early Friday. Stocks seem ascendant, but like water flowing downhill, the VIX keeps being guided by gravity this year. Arguably the most well known measure of market fear, the VIX tumbled back below 10 on Thursday to levels last seen before the Washington-related sell-off last week. A weak VIX reading often indicates traders don’t see major catalysts that could send prices scurrying quickly up or falling rapidly lower. VIX is now back above 10, and bears watching today. Trading might be somewhat normal the first hour of the day, but things could start to drift after that as many head for the exits early and volume thins. We might see a jumpy sort of trading, partly because some market participants might be hedging. It is a patriotic holiday, and after what happened in England earlier this week, some traders might want to take protection against any potential follow-up events over the next three days. It’s sad to have to think about this, but it’s not a good idea to ignore, either. FIGURE 1: TRANSPORTS IDLE. After trading pretty evenly with the S&P 500 (SPX) earlier this yer, the Dow Jones Transport Index ($DJT), denoted by the purple line and plotted through Thursday vs. the SPX on the thinkorswim platform from TD Ameritrade, has lost ground. Data source: Dow Jones, Standard & Poor’s. For illustrative purposes only. Past performance does not guarantee future results Transports Not Accelerating The rally to record highs could seem like cause for a party on Wall Street, but one key sector isn’t keeping up: Transportation. The Dow Jones Transportation Average ($DJT) is actually down more than 1% over the last three months, while the major stock indices have climbed. Transports’ performance slightly improved this week, but still lag other sectors. Some analysts see transports as a proxy for the overall economy, so weakness there could point to economic trouble potentially brewing. Keep in mind, though, that transports hit a record high back in March and remain historically lofty, and Q1 corporate earnings appeared to indicate a healthy economy. Keep an eye on transports going forward, because continued divergence from the broader indices could be a bearish sign. Signs of Life from Brick-and-Mortar Reports of the death of brick-and-mortar stores appear to be greatly exaggerated, to paraphrase Mark Twain. Best Buy Co Inc (NYSE: BBY) reported strong earnings Thursday, which followed generally solid results a couple weeks ago from Home Depot Inc (NYSE: HD), Target Corporation (NYSE: TGT) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT). Costco followed late Thursday with a firm quarter. The economy appears healthy, judging from the employment numbers and rising retail sales, and consumers are out there buying. What’s important is that the old-line stores find ways to attract customers, and the outlets above appear to be succeeding. Now some of that is on the ecommerce side, with WMT’s online sales growing 63% in Q1 and TGT online sales up 22%. Keep on Toes for Pre-Holiday Action With the three-day weekend approaching, investors might want to take a little more caution than usual wading into the market today amid potentially light volume. There could be some late-day position squaring as market participants depart for the holiday, and that could create volatility. Looking ahead to next week (and this may seem hard, being that it’s still so far away), key data loom, especially non-farm payrolls next Friday. Investors also get an inflation update with PCE prices on Tuesday and another look at economic health with Chicago PMI on Wednesday. Hopefully that’s all stuff you can put out of your mind for a bit while relaxing over the holiday, but be prepared to come back refreshed and ready for action next Tuesday. Posted-In: JJ Kinahan TD AmeritradeCommodities Retail Sales Econ #s Federal Reserve Markets Tech © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (COST + BBY) 5 Biggest Price Target Changes For Friday 22 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session A Peek Into The Markets: U.S. Stock Futures Drop Ahead Of GDP, Durable-Goods Orders Data 5 Stocks To Watch For May 26, 2017 Mid-Afternoon Market Update: Genesco Drops After Disappointing Q1 Results; Guess? Shares Climb 15 Biggest Mid-Day Gainers For Thursday View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Trending Recent 1 NFLX, GOOG: 10 Interesting Things You Might Not Know About Pornhub 2 BBY, BOBE: 25 Stocks Moving In Thursday's Pre-Market Session 3 CYAD, VEEV: 22 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 4 DLTR, SIG: 12 Stocks To Watch For May 25, 2017 5 ALXN: 2 Key Reasons Morgan Stanley Upgraded... 6 DLTR, SPLK: Earnings Scheduled For May 2... 7 PBYI: Puma Biotech Gets Favora... 1 ULTA: Ulta Beauty Still Has Room To Run After Another Stellar Quarter 2 MA, BBY: 5 Biggest Price Target Changes For Friday 3 VNET, AFSI: Mid-Morning Market Update: Markets Mostly Flat; Big Lots Pr... 4 NTNX: What To Do With Nutanix Stock Following Q3 Beat And Raise 5 TSLA: Tesla's Safety Record Called Into Question, An... 6 QQQ, NDAQ: The Nasdaq Could Do Something It Hasn'... 7 MRVL: Marvell Technology Upgraded Following... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog Syndication In the News Careers Service Status Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Zillow Will Give You $1 Million To Improve Its Zestimates Ulta Beauty Still Has Room To Run After Another Stellar Quarter
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News open Business open Opinion open Sports open High School Sports open Entertainment open Obituaries open Jobs open Autos Real Estate open Classifieds open FIND&SAVE open Photos & Videos open Follow Us open Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community open Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business open Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges open Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports open More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports open Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar open Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining open Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources open Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Enter City and State or Zip Code Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments Ostrich: Scientists discover new species of kudzu Ostrich Dollarus Gentralus.jpg A crop of Dollarus Gentralus thriving in a habitat where the nearest Walmart is "too dang crowded." (Matt Mitchell) Print Email Matt Mitchell, The Ostrich By Matt Mitchell, The Ostrich AL.com Follow on Twitter on May 26, 2017 at 8:54 AM, updated May 26, 2017 at 8:56 AM comments Matt Mitchell is the creator of The Ostrich, Walker County's least trusted news source, and was the 3rd round draft pick of the Denver Nuggets. Roughly half of what he writes is untrue. Scientists conducting research in Alabama have announced the discovery of a new subspecies of kudzu that has already crept its way into nearly every corner of the state.  According to the scientists, the rapid-growth perennial plant, Dollarus Gentralus, is easy to identify thanks its bright yellow leaves and high employee turnover rate. Lance Doyle, the lead researcher for the project, said that unless they can find a way to slow the plant's growth, Dollarus Gentralus could have every inch of the state covered by the year 2020.  "At first glance, it really is an attractive plant. Especially when it first blooms," explained Doyle. "Everything is clean and orderly. You'll find one close to your house and think, 'hey, this isn't so bad.' But after a few months the leaves are everywhere, used pregnancy tests are lying on the ground, and a buggy has somehow dented all four doors on your vehicle simultaneously." Admirers of the Dollarus Gentralus argue that the plant has very few negative side effects and are quick to praise it's ability to bare multiple types of nearly-edible fruit. Eddie Salter, a resident of the Goodsprings community in Walker County, says he has lived entirely off the plant since it showed up in his backyard.  "I go down there every day and pick me a ripe can of Vienna sausages," stated Salter. "Sometimes I even pay for them." Salter isn't alone. According to recent estimates, nearly 90% of all household income in Walker County is fed to Dollarus Gentralus. The remaining 10% is spent in underground electronic bingo halls or lost in bets with Uncle Rayford on whether or not he can open that beer can with his good foot.  Despite the love affair some Alabamians have with the plant, researchers warn that throwing money at Dollarus Gentralus will only cause it to spread more rapidly.  "These organisms grow at an alarming rate if given a steady supply of sunshine, cash, and bare feet," warned Doyle. "Especially in areas where there is no Walmart, or the closest one is always so dang crowded." Until a chemical spray that will counter the spread of this invasive vine is developed, scientists ask that people avoid contact with the Dollarus Gentralus, especially the more developed strain.  "If the Dollarus Gentralus in your neighborhood has already produced a bright Redbox bloom, it may be too late to do anything," added Doyle. "It's only a matter of time until it overtakes our most prevalent form of kudzu, Billboardus Shunnarah."  [This is a work of satire. All content is the creation of Matt Mitchell, the Ostrich.] Columnists John Archibald Kyle Whitmire Roy S. Johnson Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Business Target is said to invest $75 million in bedding startup Casper Handout Target is said to be investing $75 million in online mattress seller Casper, in an effort to boost its e-commerce presence while brick-and-mortar sales decline Target is said to be investing $75 million in online mattress seller Casper, in an effort to boost its e-commerce presence while brick-and-mortar sales decline (Handout) Matthew BoyleBloomberg Privacy Policy Target is investing $75 million in online mattress seller Casper Sleep, according to a person familiar with the situation, part of a bid to boost its e-commerce presence while bricks-and-mortar sales decline. Target made the funding deal after considering a bid for the entire business, said the person, who asked not to be identified because the deliberations were private. The Recode news site previously reported on the investment. Company spokeswoman Katie Boylan declined to comment on the funding figure, but she confirmed that Target invested in the startup. "We believe in their team, their ideas and their vision for reimagining sleep," she said in an email. The move follows the announcement of a partnership that lets Target customers buy beds and accessories from Casper, which typically ships mattresses to online shoppers directly. That rollout begins on June 18. Target's sales declined less than Wall Street expected last quarter, but the company is still playing catch-up with larger rivals. Amazon has the edge online, and Wal-Mart has far greater scale. That's forced Target to get creative in finding ways to compete. The Casper products will complement Target's own bedding products, which include items sold under the Threshold and Room Essentials lines. "The strategic partnership offers Casper access to an established retail brand," Target's Boylan said, "and gives Target an opportunity to work with a future-focused digital brand that is exploring an area that is meaningful for our guests — sleep and wellness." Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Target revamps stores for those in a rush, those who ramble Target wants shoppers to notice its prices Target agrees to $18.5 million settlement with Illinois, 47 other states over 2013 data breach News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 71°
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Unicorns Unite – Squatty Potty® Teams Up with The Color Run® ST. GEORGE, Utah, May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Squatty Potty announces sponsorship of eight The Color Run Dream Tour 5k races hitting major markets in the United States, beginning Saturday May 27, 2017 in New York City.  In 2015, Squatty Potty launched a wildly successful marketing campaign featuring a viral YouTube video, starring a pooping Unicorn that has garnered over 130 million views to date and won the 2016 Webby Award. „When we began to consider non-traditional marketing options, including sponsorships, we wanted to partner with an event that shared our brand identity. We really felt strongly that The Color Run was just like Squatty Potty- fun, hip and cool. And a unicorn mascot to top it off? We absolutely had to work together,” said Dan Deceuster, Director of Ecommerce. Squatty Potty and The Color Run share the same goals of making the world happier and healthier, one race and one stool at a time.   „The Color Run is excited to be working with Squatty Potty, a unicorn-approved product.  With both brands loving color, fun, and unicorns it’s a great fit.  We know our participants will be equally excited to see the brands come together at the events this year.” – Haley Van Dyke Partnership Coordinator. For more information visit https://www.squattypotty.com/ or call Linda Stay at 855-628-1099. Connect with us on social media @squattypotty and https://www.facebook.com/squattypotty About Squatty Potty, LLC Founded in 2011, Squatty Potty, LLC is a consumer products company whose product lines consist of toilet stools, sprays and other bathroom accessories. Its flagship product, the Squatty Potty stool, is designed to help users assume the squatting position while using the bathroom, delivering fast, complete elimination with comfort and ease.  In 2014, the Company was featured on ABC’s hit TV show Shark Tank, and became the second most successful company in the history of the show. Currently Squatty Potty products are sold in over 6,000 retail locations globally, including Bed, Bath & Beyond, Costco, Walmart and Target. About The Color Run® The Color Run is the largest event series in the world and the first of its kind. Founded in 2012, the number one goal of The Color Run is to produce the ‚Happiest 5k on the Planet’ giving participants an unforgettable experience. With no winners or official times, The Color Run celebrates healthiness, happiness, and individuality, helping participants achieve their fitness goals by providing a fun, un-intimidating running environment. To learn more about The Color Run, visit The Color Run Website. #Happiest5k #DreamInColors The Color Run is a product of Bigsley™ Event House, a leading creator of experiential events including: The Color Run Night®, Pumpkin Nights, Dam Train Race, Electric Run® and Soul Pose™. Media contact: Linda Stay 161692@email4pr.com  435-359-9844 SOURCE Squatty Potty LLC CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global $950 Million Additive Manufacturing with Metal Powders Opportunity Analysis and Ten-Year Forecast 2017-2027 – Research and Markets Next PostNext Global Aircraft Landing Gear Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Unicorns Unite – Squatty Potty® Teams Up with The Color Run® ST. GEORGE, Utah, May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Squatty Potty announces sponsorship of eight The Color Run Dream Tour 5k races hitting major markets in the United States, beginning Saturday May 27, 2017 in New York City.  In 2015, Squatty Potty launched a wildly successful marketing campaign featuring a viral YouTube video, starring a pooping Unicorn that has garnered over 130 million views to date and won the 2016 Webby Award. „When we began to consider non-traditional marketing options, including sponsorships, we wanted to partner with an event that shared our brand identity. We really felt strongly that The Color Run was just like Squatty Potty- fun, hip and cool. And a unicorn mascot to top it off? We absolutely had to work together,” said Dan Deceuster, Director of Ecommerce. Squatty Potty and The Color Run share the same goals of making the world happier and healthier, one race and one stool at a time.   „The Color Run is excited to be working with Squatty Potty, a unicorn-approved product.  With both brands loving color, fun, and unicorns it’s a great fit.  We know our participants will be equally excited to see the brands come together at the events this year.” – Haley Van Dyke Partnership Coordinator. For more information visit https://www.squattypotty.com/ or call Linda Stay at 855-628-1099. Connect with us on social media @squattypotty and https://www.facebook.com/squattypotty About Squatty Potty, LLC Founded in 2011, Squatty Potty, LLC is a consumer products company whose product lines consist of toilet stools, sprays and other bathroom accessories. Its flagship product, the Squatty Potty stool, is designed to help users assume the squatting position while using the bathroom, delivering fast, complete elimination with comfort and ease.  In 2014, the Company was featured on ABC’s hit TV show Shark Tank, and became the second most successful company in the history of the show. Currently Squatty Potty products are sold in over 6,000 retail locations globally, including Bed, Bath & Beyond, Costco, Walmart and Target. About The Color Run® The Color Run is the largest event series in the world and the first of its kind. Founded in 2012, the number one goal of The Color Run is to produce the ‚Happiest 5k on the Planet’ giving participants an unforgettable experience. With no winners or official times, The Color Run celebrates healthiness, happiness, and individuality, helping participants achieve their fitness goals by providing a fun, un-intimidating running environment. To learn more about The Color Run, visit The Color Run Website. #Happiest5k #DreamInColors The Color Run is a product of Bigsley™ Event House, a leading creator of experiential events including: The Color Run Night®, Pumpkin Nights, Dam Train Race, Electric Run® and Soul Pose™. Media contact: Linda Stay 161692@email4pr.com  435-359-9844 SOURCE Squatty Potty LLC CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global $950 Million Additive Manufacturing with Metal Powders Opportunity Analysis and Ten-Year Forecast 2017-2027 – Research and Markets Next PostNext Global Aircraft Landing Gear Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 Search Recent Posts Wire Bonder Equipment Market to Grow at a CAGR of 2.88% to 2021 Toyota Celebrates The Sand, Surf & Safety of San Diego’s Beaches Republican Legislators Rejecting Student Loan Refinancing Themselves Attended College at One-Fifth the Cost Today Surprise your dad with Gifts for Fathers Day Surprise your dad with Gifts for Fathers Day Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Close menu News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business City.Life.Style. Single Black CHICK BE SCENE Entertainment Community S.W.A.G Awards Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News Local Community Regional National Achieve Living Well Video Business City.Life.Style. Single Black CHICK BE SCENE Entertainment Community S.W.A.G Awards Events Pancakes and Politics 2017 Women of Excellence 2017 Purchase Tickets Men of Excellence 2017 Nomination Form Who’s Who In Black Detroit 2015 40 Under 40 40 Under 40 Purchase Tickets Legacy In Motion Event Calendar Event Photos Classifieds Subscribe Where To Find Us Get Weekly Home Delivery of The Chronicle Join Our Email List LifeStyle Home > LifeStyle Own summer entertaining like a boss Alisha Dixon Leave a comment 26 reads (StatePoint) Make living easy and delicious this summer with Mediterranean-style snacks, appetizers and party trays that are ready to serve in a snap. Whatever the occasion, from barbecues to graduations, you can have a full season of al fresco fun with these ideas. Decorating and Serving Tips Choose bright tulips, sunflowers and gerbera daisies for a cheery table setting. Cluster plates of appetizers with flowers for a pleasing presentation. When guests arrive, get a glass in their hands so they will feel welcome and ready to enjoy your delicious foods. The key to enjoyable entertaining is being both prepared and being part of the party. Create a self-serve atmosphere that gives you, the host, more freedom to enjoy time with your guests. Smart Staples With smart staples on hand it’s easy to get the party started. Olives for example, are the centerpiece of the Mediterranean diet. Packed with flavor, they are wonderfully versatile. Combined with fresh flavors of seasonal produce, such as asparagus, tomatoes, bell peppers and cucumbers, they can brighten any platter with a rich and satisfying burst of flavor. They are also a natural with any cheese, added to pasta, or served alongside hummus, rustic style breads and refreshing, summery wines. One, Two, Three Skewers Try this tasty idea: Start with toothpicks to create single-serve skewers that guests can easily tote as they mingle. Choose three or four different kinds of olives, small cheese squares and slices of ready-to-eat meats. For example, begin with a Pearls Specialties Kalamata or Garlic Stuffed olive. Next add a slice of your favorite cheese cut into small squares. Then combine with a slice of salami, smoked ham or sautéed rings of flavorful sausage. Skewer everything for easy one-bite hors d’oeuvres. This combination of flavors will keep guests coming back for more. Simple Snackers For an impressive plate of appetizers, top large whole grain crackers with a dollop of hummus and cross-cut slices of Kalamata olives. To add color, flavor, and texture, try a beet or basil pesto hummus. Combine colors and flavors by adding thin cucumber slices, crumbled, marinated feta cheese, or a tangy ready-made mango salsa. Serve immediately to keep the crackers crisp. These will disappear quickly and are very visually appealing. Homemade Olive Bar Choose an array of four or five different kinds of olives to feature on a large platter. For a variety of choices, check out Pearls Specialties Olives at local grocery stores, Target and Walmart, which offers Kalamata, Greek Queens stuffed with either garlic or jalapeno, a mixed Greek medley, and classic California Black Ripe olives. Pick up fresh cherry or grape tomatoes, a package of frozen tortellini with pesto sauce, and some bite size “bocconcini,” which are small mozzarella balls in olive either marinated with herbs and olive oil, or plain. Combine these items on one large platter in different sections and provide small snack plates and party picks for guests. For more ideas, recipes and tips, visit olives.com/pearls. With the right ingredients and cheery table settings, summer entertaining can be easy, fun and bright. Also On The Michigan Chronicle: comments – Add Yours Your browser does not support iframes. Trending 17 Black gay celebrities out of the closet Fox 2 Detroit News must enjoy humiliating black elected officials. So why is that? Meet Queen Latifah’s girlfriend Eboni Nichols The continuous rise and fall of the DeBarge family Wayne County First Lady Renata Evans puts her spin on difficult position  Spelman student from Detroit establishes scholarship fund Get Informed! × Like our content? Sign up for The Michigan Chronicle's email newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Close Get the Michronicle in your inbox Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit About Us Privacy Policy Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Unicorns Unite – Squatty Potty® Teams Up with The Color Run® ST. GEORGE, Utah, May 26, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Squatty Potty announces sponsorship of eight The Color Run Dream Tour 5k races hitting major markets in the United States, beginning Saturday May 27, 2017 in New York City.  In 2015, Squatty Potty launched a wildly successful marketing campaign featuring a viral YouTube video, starring a pooping Unicorn that has garnered over 130 million views to date and won the 2016 Webby Award. "When we began to consider non-traditional marketing options, including sponsorships, we wanted to partner with an event that shared our brand identity. We really felt strongly that The Color Run was just like Squatty Potty- fun, hip and cool. And a unicorn mascot to top it off? We absolutely had to work together," said Dan Deceuster, Director of Ecommerce. Squatty Potty and The Color Run share the same goals of making the world happier and healthier, one race and one stool at a time.   "The Color Run is excited to be working with Squatty Potty, a unicorn-approved product.  With both brands loving color, fun, and unicorns it's a great fit.  We know our participants will be equally excited to see the brands come together at the events this year." - Haley Van Dyke Partnership Coordinator. For more information visit https://www.squattypotty.com/ or call Linda Stay at 855-628-1099. Connect with us on social media @squattypotty and https://www.facebook.com/squattypotty About Squatty Potty, LLC Founded in 2011, Squatty Potty, LLC is a consumer products company whose product lines consist of toilet stools, sprays and other bathroom accessories. Its flagship product, the Squatty Potty stool, is designed to help users assume the squatting position while using the bathroom, delivering fast, complete elimination with comfort and ease.  In 2014, the Company was featured on ABC's hit TV show Shark Tank, and became the second most successful company in the history of the show. Currently Squatty Potty products are sold in over 6,000 retail locations globally, including Bed, Bath & Beyond, Costco, Walmart and Target. About The Color Run® The Color Run is the largest event series in the world and the first of its kind. Founded in 2012, the number one goal of The Color Run is to produce the 'Happiest 5k on the Planet' giving participants an unforgettable experience. With no winners or official times, The Color Run celebrates healthiness, happiness, and individuality, helping participants achieve their fitness goals by providing a fun, un-intimidating running environment. To learn more about The Color Run, visit The Color Run Website. #Happiest5k #DreamInColors The Color Run is a product of Bigsley™ Event House, a leading creator of experiential events including: The Color Run Night®, Pumpkin Nights, Dam Train Race, Electric Run® and Soul Pose™. Media contact: Linda Stay 161692@email4pr.com  435-359-9844 SOURCE Squatty Potty LLC CategoriesUncategorized TagsHousehold Products, Household/Consumer/Cosmetics, Retail, Sporting Events Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Lithium Bromide Absorption Chillers Market Analysis & Forecast Report 2017 Next PostNext Global Harnesses Market Professional Survey Share, Trends, Growth, Demand and Estimates Search Recent Posts Stimwave ottiene l’autorizzazione all’uso del marchio CE per il primo sistema d’ancoraggio per stimolatori al mondo interamente percutaneo Stimwave ottiene l’autorizzazione all’uso del marchio CE per il primo sistema d’ancoraggio per stimolatori al mondo interamente percutaneo On EPA Scientific Integrity, Wall Street Journal is Short of Facts Stimwave ottiene l’autorizzazione all’uso del marchio CE per il primo sistema d’ancoraggio per stimolatori al mondo interamente percutaneo Bombardier entrega primeira aeronave CS300 da C Series para a SWISS, primeira operadora Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian The Mercury News Weather Today’s E Edition Subscribe Newsletter Most Popular News News Latest Headlines Opinion California News Environment & Science Nation & World Education Crime & Courts Health Politics Transportation Traffic Map Weather Local Bay Area San Jose Santa Clara County Peninsula San Mateo County Alameda County Santa Cruz County Sports Sports San Francisco 49ers San Francisco Giants Golden State Warriors Oakland Raiders Oakland Athletics San Jose Sharks San Jose Earthquakes College Sports High School Sports High School Scores Other Sports Sports Scoreboard Sports Columnists Sports Blogs Sports Buzz Business Business Technology Personal Technology Economy Startups Real Estate SiliconValley.com SiliconBeat Entertainment Entertainment Lifestyle Celebrities Television Movies Music Theater & Arts Eat & Drink Pets & Animals Relationships & Advice Travel & Play Event Listings Movie Listings Comics Horoscopes Puzzles and Games Obituaries Obituaries Local Obituaries Place an Obituary The Cannifornian Ulta Beauty expands Bay Area presence with San… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Kushner and Kremlin Building collapses, injures 13 Bike-lock attack arraignment ‘Wonder Woman’ v. men Steph Curry at BottleRock Business Ulta Beauty expands Bay Area presence with San Jose store Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Ulta Beauty Interior of Ulta Beauty new store at Almaden Ranch shopping center in San Jose. Ulta Beauty is widening its presence in the Bay Area with a new store, which runs counter to the woes that have battered some retailers in the Bay Area and around the nation. By George Avalos | gavalos@bayareanewsgroup.com | Bay Area News Group PUBLISHED: May 26, 2017 at 5:30 am | UPDATED: May 26, 2017 at 8:18 am SAN JOSE — Ulta Beauty is widening its local presence with a new San Jose store, an expansion effort that runs counter to the woes that have battered some retailers in the Bay Area and around the nation. The Illinois-based chain of beauty retail outlets is opening a store at the Almaden Ranch shopping center near the interchange of Highway 85 and Almaden Expressway in San Jose. “We have already hired more than 20 people from the local community,” said Diane Weber, general manager of Ulta Beauty. Ulta Beauty has about 25 Bay Area locations. The beauty retailer plans to open a Vallejo store sometime this year, the company said. Walmart, J.C. Penney and Bebe have closed, or disclosed plans to close, stores in the Bay Area. Over the 12 months that ended in April, Ulta Beauty earned $446 million on revenue of $5.1 billion. Both numbers were a significant improvement compared to the 12-month stretch that ended in April 2016, over which Ulta earned $345 million on revenue of $4.13 billion. Investors have raced to embrace Ulta’s stock. Over the most recent 12 months, Ulta shares have jumped 38.6 percent. So far in 2017, its stock is up 14.9 percent. By comparison, a Dow Jones retail index is up 8.7 percent in 12 months and up 8.9 percent year to date. The new San Jose store was scheduled to open Friday. “Our store also offers a full-service salon,” Weber said.   Tags:  Commercial Real Estate Economy Jobs Retail George Avalos George Avalos is a business reporter for the Bay Area News Group. Follow George Avalos @georgeavalos Subscribe Today! All Access Digital offer for just 99 cents! blog comments powered by Disqus Sign up for our newsletters! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Carolyn Hax: 20 percent tip? Only if the waiter washes our car You couldn’t create a better script for the Warriors-Cavaliers trilogy Former professor suspected in Berkeley bike-lock attack enters plea in Oakland court Stephen Curry: Three mentors share their stories Tesla spells out the differences between Model S, Model 3 Melania Trump’s $51,000 jacket could pay salary for a teacher, police officer, coal miner Carolyn Hax: She really shouldn’t have done me this ‘favor’ Lonely Planet’s top 10 underrated U.S. destinations More in Business Gas leak prompts evacuation at Apple spaceship campus May 26, 2017, 4:38 pm The leak at the new Apple Park building in Cupertino earlier today forced the evacuation of “a group” of Apple employees. Biz Break: Extry! Extry! Apple News gets a real editor-in-chief May 26, 2017, 3:06 pm Apple puts some weight behind its Apple News initiative by hiring an editor-in-chief for the company’s app-based news aggregator. Google’s AlphaGo beats the world’s best Go player, again May 26, 2017, 1:38 pm ‘For the first 100 moves it was the closest we’ve ever seen anyone play,’ said the CEO of AlphaGo’s creator. In town that patent trolls built, Supreme Court ruling is big news May 26, 2017, 1:33 pm Before the explosion of patent lawsuits, Marshall, Texas, was barely hanging on. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Manage Your Subscription All Access Subscriptions Today’s e-Edition Newsletter Sign-Up Mobile Apps Contact Us Corrections & Clarifications Reprints Archive Search Lottery Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Place an Obituary Place a Legal Ad Advertise With Us Weekly Ads Fry’s Ad Public Notices © 2017 Digital First Media Site Map Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Bay Area News Group Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Blogs Video NBA NHL MLB UFC NFL CFB Recruiting Soccer CBB Features Radio NASCAR Fantasy Golf Shop Tennis Cycling Boxing Horse Racing Podcasts Running Water Polo Wrestling Outsports Odds StubHub More Blogs Video NBA All NBA Atlanta Hawks Boston Celtics Brooklyn Nets Charlotte Hornets Chicago Bulls Cleveland Cavaliers Dallas Mavericks Denver Nuggets Detroit Pistons Golden State Warriors Houston Rockets Indiana Pacers Los Angeles Clippers Los Angeles Lakers Memphis Grizzlies Miami Heat Milwaukee Bucks Minnesota Timberwolves New Orleans Pelicans New York Knicks Oklahoma City Thunder Orlando Magic Philadelphia 76ers Phoenix Suns Portland Trail Blazers Sacramento Kings San Antonio Spurs Sonics Rising Toronto Raptors Utah Jazz Washington Wizards D-League and International NBA Odds WNBA and NCAA WBB NHL All NHL Anaheim Ducks Arizona Coyotes Boston Bruins Buffalo Sabres Calgary Flames Carolina Hurricanes Chicago Blackhawks Colorado Avalanche Columbus Blue Jackets Dallas Stars Detroit Red Wings Edmonton Oilers Florida Panthers Kings, Sharks, & Ducks Los Angeles Kings Minnesota Wild Montreal Canadiens Nashville Predators New Jersey Devils New York Islanders New York Rangers Ottawa Senators Philadelphia Flyers Pittsburgh Penguins San Jose Sharks St. Louis Blues Tampa Bay Lightning Toronto Maple Leafs Vancouver Canucks Washington Capitals Winnipeg Jets Fantasy Hockey NHL Odds MLB All MLB Arizona Diamondbacks Atlanta Braves Baltimore Orioles Boston Red Sox Chicago Cubs Chicago White Sox Cincinnati Reds Cleveland Indians Colorado Rockies Detroit Tigers Houston Astros Kansas City Royals Los Angeles Angels Los Angeles Dodgers Miami Marlins Milwaukee Brewers Minnesota Twins New York Mets New York Yankees Oakland Athletics Philadelphia Phillies Pittsburgh Pirates San Diego Padres San Francisco Giants Seattle Mariners St. Louis Cardinals Tampa Bay Rays Texas Rangers Toronto Blue Jays Washington Nationals Fake Teams MLB Odds MLB Trade Rumors Minor League / Rookies / Prospects Sabermetrics UFC Bloody Elbow MMA Fight Schedule MMA Fighters MMA Fighting MMA Mania MMA Rankings NFL All NFL Arizona Cardinals Atlanta Falcons Baltimore Ravens Buffalo Bills Carolina Panthers Chicago Bears Cincinnati Bengals Cleveland Browns Daily Fantasy Football Advice Dallas Cowboys Denver Broncos Detroit Lions Green Bay Packers Houston Texans Indianapolis Colts Jacksonville Jaguars Kansas City Chiefs Los Angeles Rams Miami Dolphins Minnesota Vikings New England Patriots New Orleans Saints New York Giants New York Jets Oakland Raiders Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers San Diego Chargers San Francisco 49ers Seattle Seahawks Tampa Bay Buccaneers Tennessee Titans Washington Redskins Fantasy Football NFL Mock Draft NFL Odds CFB All CFB Advanced College Football Stats College Football Odds College Football Recruiting Every Day Should Be Saturday View team list Recruiting Soccer All Soccer German Bundesliga English Premier League Italian Serie A MLS NWSL Odds Spanish La Liga View team list CBB All CBB Bracketology College Basketball Odds View team list Features Radio About SB Nation Radio Listen Live NASCAR Fantasy Golf Shop College Shop MLB Shop NASCAR Shop NBA Shop NFL Shop NHL Shop Soccer Shop UFC Shop Tennis Cycling Boxing Horse Racing Podcasts Running Water Polo Wrestling Outsports Odds StubHub ✕ College Football THE READ OPTION When exactly did you become a fan of your college football team? New, 6 comments Here is a bunch of fun stories. Give us yours! by Jason Kirk May 26, 2017, 8:29am EDT tweet share pin Rec SB Nation has a cool series right now: each of our team sites discussing the origins of fandom. I wanted to share a few of the best from our college team blogs, though there are many other good ones. (To join in and enter a contest, find your school's blog.) College fandom often goes deeper than the pro kind, whether due to regional history or alumni status or family ties, and a lot of these stories stand out as pretty unique. Like becoming a Texas fan because your mom was into Russell Crowe's rock band: Mom decided to visit Austin in 2001 to see TOFOG and reconnect with a friend from graduate school. I was looking at a handful of schools at that time — Montana, Montana State, CU-Boulder, a liberal arts college in Minneapolis, and Indiana as a backup. I wasn’t really sold on any of them and basically eliminated the school in Minnesota because I made the smart choice of visiting it in December. Mom and her friend decided I should visit Austin, so I did in October of 2001. Or finding UCLA by way of the New York Yankees: In the late ‘70s, it was all about the Yanks, no matter how much you Dodger fans hated it. My guys on those Yankee teams were catcher Thurman Munson and first baseman Chris Chambliss, who kick-started the Yankee dynasty of that era with a walk-off home run in the 1976 American League Championship Series to send the Yankees to the World Series. It would be years later that I came to know that Chambliss had played his college baseball at UCLA. My next step toward the Bruins probably didn’t come until the late '80s when Troy Aikman faced off against Rodney Peete. Or finding Penn State because the Browns pulled a Browns: On Nov. 9, 1993, the Browns made a shocking move by releasing Bernie Kosar, a hometown hero whom every kid (and many adults) in my region idolized. He was the ultimate underdog, a slow-footed quarterback with awkward mechanics. Kosar was able to use his understanding of the game to become one of the NFL’s top quarterbacks throughout the late ‘80s and into the ‘90s. I was too heartbroken to cheer for the Browns for the remainder of the season. I followed Kosar to the Cowboys and cheered as he filled in to lead them to an NFC Championship victory by filling in for an injured Troy Aikman and took the field for the final play in Super Bowl XXVIII. I was determined not to cheer for the Browns again until Art Modell had sold the team and Bill Belichick was long gone from Cleveland and decided to pay more attention to college football and my adopted team of Penn State. Well, let’s just say my timing couldn’t have been better. As you know, the Nittany Lions went undefeated behind one of the most electrifying offenses in the history of college football, led by the likes of Kerry Collins, Ki-Jana Carter, Kyle Brady, and Bobby Engram. Or becoming a Sooner immediately after emigrating from India: When my family made the move from India decades ago, we first settled in the great town of Norman, Okla., where my uncle’s family who’d sponsored ours for immigration had been living. My uncle, a professor and administrator at OU through the 1980s and ‘90s, gets most of the credit for teaching me about American sports, and my two older U.S.-born cousins get the rest. Truth be told, the first football game I remember was Notre Dame taking on West Virginia. My attention was fixated on the Irish’s helmets. Forgive me, for I was only 6 and had never before seen the crazy game of football. (I will mention, however, I was a pretty damn good cricketer.) My fickle infatuation didn’t last long, and the colors of the Crimson & Cream took over. I remember my cousin, Vijay, would fill me in on all things OU daily, and I’d eat up that knowledge. About a month into my indoctrination, I knew all about Coach Switzer, the wishbone, Mookie Blaylock and the Kansas Jayhawks, who had robbed the Sooners of the 1988 basketball crown and were the epitome of evil. Or getting the full brunt of Oklahoma State pain right up front: On Oct. 30, 2004, I cried like the 9-year-old I was. Since the first home game I’d attended nearly a year before, I'd developed a passion for Oklahoma State. What happened on Oct. 30, 2004? Adrian Peterson happened. It was another classic Bedlam. Back and forth, and neither team could stop the other. Peterson had 249 yards on 33 carries and rattled off an 80-yard touchdown run that all of us remember. A Vernand Morency touchdown with 11 minutes left cut the second-ranked OU lead to 38-35. The momentum swung toward OSU, and it felt like if the Cowboys could just score one more time, they’d steal a Bedlam win. With 10 seconds left, OSU set up Jason Ricks for a 49-yard field goal from the left hash. Good snap. Good hold. Wide right. From our seats, I thought it went in. I went ballistic. I then looked at my dad and saw the horror on his face. Subscribe to The Read Option A daily-ish mini-column on the college football thing of the day, with some other stuff too. Your email address Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. Or becoming a Louisville fan at an even younger age: I can't tell you when precisely I "decided" to become a Louisville fan. All I know is there are tapes of me asking which team is "the good guys" very soon after the time I learned to talk. All I know is there are videos of me in a U of L basketball uniform performing mock starting lineups at an age where psychologists say I couldn't form conscious memories. All I know is that for as long as I can recall, Cardinal sports have been something that I've cared about far more than I care about most things. Or being literally born into fandom: Following a discharge as a Major, this family put in roots in South Jordan, Utah, partially due to the chance to go to BYU sports. Early in the third quarter, Steve Young threw a dart to Mike Eddo for a 24-yard TD, and a Lee Johnson PAT put BYU up 42-7 against the Bowling Green Falcons. It was around this moment when I pulled my best Lee Johnson imitation — in my mother’s uterus. That’s right. My mom not only went to a football game while she was nine months pregnant, she also went into labor. Or finding rivalry while in the middle of making your college decision: In February of 2008, I visited the University of Oregon for the first time. By the time I completed the tour, I knew this place was special. I just felt like I was at home, especially because I am a runner, and how could I turn down a town with running at its core? On the way back up to the airport, we stopped at Oregon State for a visit. As soon as I heard they didn't offer a journalism program, I popped the trunk and pulled out my Ducks sweatshirt I’d just acquired and tossed it on while still on campus. I also visited Washington State and loved the campus. What crossed it off the list was when someone on the campus tour asked what people do for fun in Pullman. Well, they can't be honest and say drink heavily, so they pointed us to Moscow, Idaho, where I think there was a Walmart and maybe an IHOP. (Our Washington State fans are over here.) Or having one of those geographically disparate piles of fandoms that mark a person as being from a time, rather than a place: I got into sports when I was 5, and I was 5 in 1995, and the Gators were great at football then. I would be up early for school every morning and started reading the sports pages of the Orlando Sentinel daily and watching SportsCenter almost as often, falling for the Gators and Atlanta Braves and Green Bay Packers and Orlando Magic because they were all prominent and potent. I was a bandwagoner, but we who are fans all are bandwagoners at least once, whether we jump on the back of the wagon, or are placed on it by parents, or amble up onto it as children who would have no use for the word “bandwagon” in the first place. Or the greatest fandom explanation of them all: picking a lifelong allegiance just to troll your friends: I followed the best players and tuned into whatever the prime games on ESPN and ABC were. That is until I got sick of my friend and his borderline obsession with [Iowa State QB] Seneca Wallace. I’m not embellishing when I tell you that at the peak of this love affair, he owned three Seneca Wallace jerseys and had them in a rotation. To top that, when Wallace made it to the league, my friend would trade him to whichever team he used to play me in Madden. So I did what all of us would do to their friend … I started rooting for his favorite player’s rival, just to bust his huevos. Now, I didn’t know anything about Iowa to start. I thought their jerseys were some of the cleanest in college football. But that was about it. As I started watching more intently, it didn’t take long for me to get hooked. I was raised a fourth-generation Georgia Tech fan in Atlanta. My first sports memory is a Clemson fan roaring in my face when I was 3. The first sports thing I cared about was the Yellow Jackets' 1990 national title season. I assumed things would stay good forever, so I became a Falcons and Hawks fan too. Things didn't stay good. I went to Kennesaw State, a little north of Atlanta but mostly rooted for Tech until KSU's 2010 announcement that we were starting an FCS team. I'd never identified with Tech's fans, because I'm not smart and because Jackets aren't used to embracing sidewalk alumni, so transferring all my emotions was easier than it sounds. Otherwise, in my job covering college football full time since that season, I think I just root for whatever would make the most people happy at the time. Clemson winning a good title game made people pretty happy. Tip on over to your school’s blog to share your own story. Next Up In College Football Our 9-point plan to upgrade college football forever Want the 'NCAA Football' game back? Get players a cut. Why Josh Rosen deserves early No. 1 NFL draft pick hype Meet 2018's top 2 recruits. (Both are Clemson commits!) Why Texas' decade of mediocrity should end soon The Future of Football: get on board, or say bye bye Trending Could LeBron make the playoffs with any team? Here's what NBA 2K says. We added LeBron James to all 29 teams in the league and played one season. Here’s what happened. Stephen A. Smith has picked the wrong NBA Finals winner every year since 2011 This is one of the most impressive streaks in sports broadcasting. Mike Brown says facing Cavs in Finals is 'like The Lion King' Who’s Scar? Basketball player attempts halfcourt shot just because. Then it hit the ceiling. Welp. Jimmy Butler went off on DeAndre Jordan after he made fun of his hair on Instagram Call 911 for that burn. This Article has a component height of 35. The sidebar size is long. Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Have a News Tip? Community Guidelines Masthead Browse Blogs About SBN Company Blog Blog Openings Guiding Principles All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Sports data © STATS 2016 tweet share
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site Archive Police seeking suspects they say used stolen credit card in North Windham Friday May 26, 2017 at 8:17 AM May 26, 2017 at 8:17 AM Staff reports The Bulletin State police are seeking the public's help in identifying suspects they say used a credit card in North Windham which was stolen from a vehicle in Ashford in April. Between 3:30 a.m. and 4 a.m. on April 19, several unlocked vehicles were entered and rummaged through on Lakeview Drive and Squirrel Hill Drive in Ashford, police said.  At least one owner reported a credit card stolen from their vehicle, police said, which was used later at 5:50 a.m. at the Walmart in North Windham. Police released four surveillance photos of suspects on Friday.  Anyone with information regarding the incidents or the identity of the suspects is asked to call Trooper O'Brien at (860) 896-3222, Ext. 8037. All calls will remain confidential.  About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services My Profile Contact Us Advertise With Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber My Profile ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Skip Nav Celebrity US Australia France Deutschland Middle East الشرق الأوسط Did you know we have a US site? Did you know we have a Australia site? Did you know we have a France site? Did you know we have a Deutschland site? Did you know we have a Middle East site? Did you know we have a الشرق الأوسط site? x 14 Times You Could Totally Relate to Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie's Not-So-Simple Life Star Wars The Last Jedi 8 Glorious Spoilers We Just Learned About Star Wars: The Last Jedi Billie Lourd Carrie Fisher Took a Beautiful Photo With Billie Lourd a Few Months Before Her Death K.J. Apa KJ Apa Isn't His Real Name and 12 Other Facts About the Riverdale Star Cookie Use POPSUGAR uses cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue, we assume that you consent to receive all cookies on all POPSUGAR websites to notably measure the audience of our website and to analyze your interests to provide you with personalized advertising. To learn more and manage the cookies, please click here. OK 26/5/17 26/5/17 POPSUGAR Celebrity The Simple Life The Simple Life Quotes 14 Times You Could Totally Relate to Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie's Not-So-Simple Life 26 May 2017 by Monica Sisavat 4 Shares Chat with us on Facebook Messenger. Learn what's trending across POPSUGAR. View on One Page Photo 1 of 15   ADVERTISEMENT () Share This Link Copy What’s Your Reaction? Thanks for your reaction Don’t forget to share this with your friends! ← Use Arrows Keys → 1 14 Times You Could Totally Relate to Paris Hilton and Nicole Richie's Not-So-Simple Life It's been almost 10 years since The Simple Life went off the air. Even though we no longer get to watch Nicole Richie and Paris Hilton milk cows and work the drive-thru line at a fast-food restaurant, the show spawned some of the most memorable quotes in reality-TV show history. Remember when Hilton was confused about what exactly a Walmart sells? Or, how about the time they both worked at a funeral home? While we can't relate to everything they did on the show, we can still definitely apply these 14 quotes to our everyday lives. Previous Next Join the conversation Share this post The Simple LifeGifsHumorTV Around The Web What’s Your Reaction? Thanks for your reaction Don’t forget to share this with your friends! 0Reactions Join The Conversation Related Posts Viral Videos This Account of "Instagram Boyfriends" Who Take Photos of Their Girlfriends Is Too REAL by Ann-Marie Alcántara 15/2 Grey's Anatomy Grey's Anatomy Season 14 Is Shaping Up to Be Pretty Dramatic by Ryan Roschke 1 day ago Twin Peaks Twin Peaks: What Every Major Character Has Been Doing For the Past 25 Years by Andrea Reiher 4 days ago Dating 16 Truths About Dating a Hermione by Macy Cate Williams 14/3 Digital Life 20 Absurd Struggles Only Millennials Will Understand by Ann-Marie Alcántara 14/2 Fitness Motivation 8 Reasons Why You Need a Gym Buddy by Florie Mwanza 18/3 The Keepers The Keepers: What You Need to Know About Father Joseph Maskell by Quinn Keaney 3 days ago Game of Thrones Game of Thrones: Cersei Could Win Everything If She Marries Jon Snow by Ryan Roschke 3 days ago Digital Life Can You Crack This Easter Egg Hunt? by Lucy Kenny 16/4 Scream Queens All the Bloody Details We Have About Scream Queens Season 2 by Maggie Pehanick 29/7/16 Scream Queens Between Laughs, We've Been Eyeing the Costumes on Scream Queens — and Damn, They're Good by Samantha Sutton 03/12/16 Gifs 30 Things That Drive Wedding Guests Crazy by Hilary White 16/6/16 From Our Partners Latest Celebrity Pinterest Follow Add us on Snapchat × POPSUGAR We’re Hiring! Write For Us About Us Terms Privacy Policy Contact More POPSUGAR: Power Your Happy POPSUGAR Insights POPSUGAR International: US Australia France Deutschland Middle East الشرق الأوسط Follow Us ©2017 POPSUGAR Inc. × Celebrity Royal Family British Celebrities Celebrity Couples Viral Videos News Television Fashion Red Carpet Style Celebrity Fashion Shopping and Style Spring Fashion Wedding Fashion Week Street Style Beauty Makeup Hairstyles Celeb Beauty Nails Spring Beauty Wedding Health & Fitness Workouts Weight Loss Fitness Video Running Healthy Living Healthy Recipes Living Smart Living Love & Sex Home Tech Food Cooking Tips Recipes Login / Register We're Hiring! Write For Us About Us Advertising Contact FAQ Archives Power Your Happy POPSUGAR Insights Terms Privacy Policy ©2017 PopSugar • POPSUGAR Entertainment & Culture All the Latest From Ryan Reynolds
Edition: International | Goverment Curaçao Important Information Advertise with us Contact us Friday May 26, 2017 Breaking News > Main News Venezuela secretly plotted to sell banned Syrian ... Trending Topics: Hyatt - Government - Interim Government - Wiels - DAE - Elections 2012 - Parliament Venezuela secretly plotted to sell banned Syrian oil to the U.S. Meteo: Large pressure difference between high and low pressure areas causes hard wind Curaçao students in Miami help with lionfish project George: Independence yes, but Dutch passport for 150 years after Wholesale store wanted to hide 22 thousand kilos of meat from Inspectorate Main News Local Social Politics Economy Health Region Aruba Bahamas Barbados Bonaire Colombia Cuba Grenada Guyana Haiti Saba Saint Kitts Saint Lucia Sint Maarten Suriname Trinidad and Tobago Turks and Caicos Venezuela Tech Judicial Real Estate Home Tourism Night Life Entertainment Aviation Hotels and Restaurants Columns Published On: Fri, May 26th, 2017 Main News | By Edition Venezuela secretly plotted to sell banned Syrian oil to the U.S. WASHINGTON - Syria and Venezuela plotted in recent years to evade international sanctions on Syria through a secret deal to transport its crude oil through Russia to the Caribbean. The previously undisclosed plan aimed to sell Syrian oil at a big discount to Venezuela through a Russian shell company, which would send it to Aruba for refining and distribution to gas stations in the U.S. and elsewhere, according to dozens of emails, documents and interviews. The scheme, which hasn’t been executed, indicates the extent to which the two pariah nations are willing to go to evade international rules and antagonize global powers. President Bashar al-Assad of Syria, written off repeatedly during the past six years as hundreds of thousands of his citizens have been killed in a brutal civil war, has clung firmly to power. For Venezuela, the plan forms part of an international agenda initiated by the late socialist President Hugo Chavez that has made the country an ally of Iran and Cuba. Now under the leadership of his embattled disciple, Nicolas Maduro, Venezuela is desperate for cash after years of government mismanagement drove oil output to a three-decade low, plunged the economy into a depression and fueled weeks of deadly nationwide protests. The Syrian initiative underscores Venezuela’s international ambitions, indicating that its current crisis could have repercussions far beyond its shores. Caribbean Scheme It’s unclear whether the plan is still under consideration. A key player, Wilmer Ruperti, a Venezuelan oil trader who grew enormously wealthy through his closeness to the country’s leadership, acknowledged in a phone interview his participation but said he no longer has a role in it. Syrian officials approached him in early 2012 during a party at the Syrian Club of Caracas. At that time, Ruperti began renting a lavish guesthouse on Aruba’s northern coast to scout out a refinery and meet a local realtor, Oscar Helmeyer. He had his eye on a facility that had just been shut down by its owners, San Antonio-based Valero Energy Corp., causing massive unemployment on the island. Ruperti offered to pay Helmeyer $15 million for help in buying the refinery, one of the world’s largest, although in the end Venezuela’s state oil company leased it. In an interview, Helmeyer said Ruperti also met with Aruban Prime Minister Mike Eman and another top official, Mike de Meza. Both declined repeated requests for interviews. In a September 2012 letter to Syria’s then-ambassador to Venezuela, Ghassan Abbas, Ruperti said the point of the scheme would be to “avoid the boycott that has been implemented by United States of America and the European Community.” Socialist Fatherland He proposed heading a business group called “Sirius Venezuelan” and recommended a five-year contract to supply 50,000 to 200,000 barrels a day of Syrian crude, as well as storage capacity for another 6 million Syrian barrels. Stamped beneath Ruperti’s signature, in bold italics: “Socialist fatherland, we will win and we will live.” What followed was a chain of communication between Syrian and Venezuelan officials that included several executives of Houston-based Citgo Petroleum Corp., the U.S. subsidiary of PDVSA, or Petroleos de Venezuela, according to two people familiar with the talks. One note from Ambassador Abbas urged a Venezuelan official to come to Damascus to discuss volumes, terms and conditions of the deal. In the phone interview from Caracas, Ruperti said the oil deal wasn’t meant to make a political statement. “It was a logistical solution to make a lot of money,” he said. PDVSA did not respond to requests for comment. A Citgo official said the company “is not considering and will not consider Syrian crude imports to supply the Citgo Aruba Refinery. The company is committed to the operation of the Citgo Aruba Refinery in compliance with all applicable laws, and this includes all U.S. sanctions laws.” Abbas couldn’t be reached for comment. Trump Conflict? Citgo attracted attention in Washington earlier this year by donating $500,000 to the inauguration fund of President Donald Trump, a sum that exceeded gifts by Shell, Walmart and most other U.S. companies. The donation raises concerns about how a foreign government might seek to buy influence inside the Oval Office, according to Richard Painter, who served as White House ethics counsel under President George W. Bush and has been critical of the Trump administration. Citgo’s inauguration gift surfaced after a bipartisan group of U.S. senators said that “critical energy infrastructure” in the U.S. owned by Citgo could come into the hands of Russian oil giant Rosneft PJSC. PDVSA used 49.9 percent of its Citgo shares as collateral for a loan from Rosneft last year, according to a Nov. 30 financial statement filed in Delaware. Senators, including Marco Rubio, a Florida Republican, and Bob Menendez, a New Jersey Democrat, have said that the Russian company’s purchase of additional PDVSA bonds on the open market would bring its total ownership potential, if PDVSA were to default, to more than 50 percent. U.S. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin said last week that, in the event of a PDVSA default, Citgo’s loan from Russia will be reviewed by the department’s Committee on Foreign Investment in the U.S., which can derail deals on national security concerns. The U.S. is the largest buyer of Venezuelan crude, and Citgo takes the largest share of those imports, according to analysis of U.S. government data compiled by Bloomberg. For many in Aruba, learning of a refining deal that would have included Syrian oil has come as something of a shock. U.S. officials have said that even planning such a scheme violates international sanctions. Alvin Koolman, the top official of Aruba’s state refining company, Refineria di Aruba N.V., said in an interview that the company will investigate attempts to violate sanctions at the facility and cooperate with U.S. officials. “If anything like that comes above water, it will be stopped,” Koolman said at the company’s headquarters in San Nicolas, Aruba. The facility hasn’t processed any oil since Citgo signed the lease, Koolman said, and there’s no evidence of oil tankers actually taking the route from Syria to Russia to the Caribbean, according to shipping data tracked by Bloomberg. Political Pawn While many Aruban officials say they had no knowledge of the Syrian oil plan, parliamentary elections will be held in September and the refinery may turn into a political pawn because its closing caused so much suffering and unemployment. When Valero shut operations in March 2012, it was one of Aruba’s largest employers and the island plunged into a double-dip recession. Its economy is now the third-most dependent on tourism in the world, according to the International Monetary Fund. “This is a shock,” said Dangui Oduber, an opposition lawmaker, whose father served two terms as Aruba’s prime minister. “Our tourism industry can’t afford to be related to the Syrian government.” Oduber said he will request a public hearing to bring Eman and other ministers who signed off on the Citgo lease before parliament. On a recent weekday, the only signs of life in once-bustling San Nicolas were two pimps standing guard on the street corners as Venezuelan and Colombian prostitutes in blue and yellow bikinis posed alongside abandoned row houses. Outside the refinery entrance, five donkeys plodded through a field of cacti. Whatever happens to the refinery, the uncovered plot to reopen it raises questions about possible efforts that haven’t been exposed. "Syria is searching for alternatives and ways to get around the law and they’ve found friends in our own hemisphere,” said Shannon O’Neil, senior fellow in Latin American studies at the Council on Foreign Relations. “If Venezuela is willing to go through all of these contortions to help the Assad regime, what else are they willing to do?" Source: Bloomberg Click Tag(s) for Related Articles: BloombergSyrian OilU.S.A.Venezuela Related News Meteo: Large pressure difference between high and low pressure areas causes hard wind Curaçao students in Miami help with lionfish project George: Independence yes, but Dutch passport for 150 years after Formation process finished; new government to be sworn in on Monday Tweet Curaçao Business News Local Politics Advertise with us Contact us All Rights Reserved. Core Communications © 2014 Advertisement CLOSE
null
Hot Topics: Little Train Starts Up US 34 Reopens TVHS Baseball New Principals Colo. Eagles Chase Title Fun in NoCo New Restaurant RH Line Police Calls RH Line calls printed May 26, 2017 Posted:   05/25/2017 10:52:00 PM MDT School funding "To the 'baloney' caller who does not want to research school taxes being spent, get your head out of the sand. Go to the board or education meetings on Wednesdays and listen to the district's chief finance officer give his report every meeting. Working and no time? Go to district website, BOE meetings are all recorded in on file. You can even watch it on cable too." "How the money is spent for the schools is available. It's completely available to the public. The fact that they don't apparently come to your door and discuss it with you each individually has you upset, but just remember when our children were little, which was ages ago, people didn't demand that kind of action before they stepped up to the plate and did what was right and voted in the bond and mill levy. They didn't stranglehold our schools, and they didn't tell our teachers, our children that they weren't valuable, so our kids got a good education because people did the right thing. Unfortunately, you're not doing it now because you care more about money than you do about our future of our children." Kudos Advertisement "I'd like to thank the Loveland police who helped our relative that was stranded. They rescued him. His electric scooter had quit, and they saw to it that he and his scooter got home. I want to thank them very much. Also a neighbor lady or passer-by, another time, helped our relative push his scooter home. I appreciate it. Thank you all very much." "I would like to thank to the person or persons who turned in my purse at the (Denver Avenue) Wal-Mart store. You'll never know how thankful I am that there are some wonderful, honest people. I'm very grateful." President Trump "Good grief. You liberals must be digging to the bottom of the barrel if all there is for you to whine about is whether Trump's wife held his hand or not. I love my husband dearly, and there were times when I didn't want to hold his hand either because his hands sweat and that was uncomfortable. Grow up, get real and quit whining." "You know we're in trouble when you read that the president of United States has to search to find middle ground with the pope." Term limits "Fellow Americans, I'd like to encourage everyone to drop a letter in the mail to President Trump, and/or your senator, preferably the president, President Trump, care of the White House, 1600 Pennsylvania Ave., Washington DC 20500, and encourage him to put term limits on senators and an age restriction on all members of Congress at age 75. We need to get rid of the career politicians that are controlling this country, and all they care about is their own personal agenda and their own political party." State funding "The editor of RH says Colorado needs to find new sources of highway funding fast. Kathy Gilliland noted the state needs $1 billion per year to maintain roads. (Thompson School District needs $72 million.) She says we don't have a consistent revenue stream. What happened to Gov. (Bill) Ritter's $405 million per year increase in hidden taxes, fees that they passed outside of TABOR. About $2 billion has been collected so far with no accountability. Priority one should have been education and schools. Second priority should have been highways and bridges."   Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED MORE RELATED HEADLINES Colorado Eagles win dramatic opener of Kelly Cup Finals in 2OT Woman arrested on suspicion of child abuse resulting in death Fort Collins police arrest suspect in burglaries   Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month Local & National Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Opinion Op-Ed Op-Ed Why do billionaires care so much about charter schools? Richard Vogel / Associated Press Billionaire and charter supporter Eli Broad and his wife, Edythe, stand for a photo amid Jeff Koons sculptures at his new museum called "The Broad" in downtown Los Angeles. Billionaire and charter supporter Eli Broad and his wife, Edythe, stand for a photo amid Jeff Koons sculptures at his new museum called "The Broad" in downtown Los Angeles. (Richard Vogel / Associated Press) Harold Meyerson The billionaires, apparently, we shall always have with us — even when we decide how to run the state-funded schools where they rarely send their own kids. In the Los Angeles school board elections earlier this month, a number of billionaires, including Eli Broad, Netflix founder Reed Hastings and two Walton family siblings, poured millions into the campaigns of two charter-school advocates. These billionaire-sponsored candidates defeated two badly outspent opponents who took a more cautionary stance on expanding charters, lest they decimate the school district’s budget. In total, pro-charter groups outspent teacher unions, $9.7 million to $5.2 million. (In the 2016 state legislative campaigns, the charterizers outspent the unions by a far larger margin, $20.5 million to $1.2 million.) Though a number of the billionaires who’ve involved themselves in the charter cause are conservatives and Republicans, the actual election battles they join almost always pit Democrat against Democrat — in part because nearly all big cities are now overwhelmingly Democratic. In California, where Republicans’ numbers have ebbed past the point of power, the lion’s share of billionaires’ legislative campaign contributions have gone to more centrist Democrats, who not only are reliable votes on charter issues but also often oppose environmental and other measures advanced by their more progressive colleagues. Charter billionaires have settled on a diagnosis, and a cure, that focuses on the deficiencies of the system’s victims, not the system itself. Of all the issues billionaires could choose, why charters, and why now? One reason commonly adduced is that they’ve noticed something troubling: Public school graduates lack the skills necessary for employment. Many of those needed skills, however, are the kind that students acquire in vocational educational programs, not at charter schools. That there are huge problems in the education of low-income students is beyond dispute — but this is hardly a recent development. The real recent development is the rising share of such students as the middle class has waned. If the Waltons, say, decided to redirect more of their fortune to raising Wal-Mart workers’ wages, that in turn might enable hundreds of thousands of families to have more economically secure and stable lives, which could have a greater effect on student performance than charterization. It’s hardly fair, of course, to tar all billionaire charterizers with that kind of brush. But the fact is that they have emerged as a force at a time when our staggering levels of economic inequality have become a widely acknowledged problem. That’s not just a coincidence. Indeed, we have to go back to the economic polarization of pre-New Deal America to find a time when the super-rich felt so compelled to better the lot of the poor, as they understood it. Andrew Carnegie, who grew mightily rich by building the American steel industry, famously established libraries in thousands of cities and towns. Though, unlike today’s charter backers, he wasn’t draining off funds that could go to public libraries in the process. What Carnegie and today’s pro-charter rich have in common is a belief in individual betterment — but not only that. They also share a fierce opposition to collective betterment, manifested in their respective battles against unions and, in many cases, against governmentally established standards and services. Living in separate eras when the middle class was — and is — embattled and the gap between rich and poor was — and is — immense, billionaires have largely shunned the fights that might truly narrow that gap: raising the minimum wage, making public colleges and universities free, funding sufficient public investment to create genuine full employment, reviving collective bargaining and raising progressive taxes to pay for all of that. As the billionaires see it, it’s the lack of skills, not the dysfunctions of the larger economic system that they (or their parents) mastered, that is the cause of our national woes. Pure of heart though some of them may be, the charter billionaires have settled on a diagnosis, and a cure, that focuses on the deficiencies of the system’s victims, not the system itself. How very comforting for them. Harold Meyerson is executive editor of the American Prospect. He is a contributing writer to Opinion. Caption President Trump gained something he's been craving: Validation from America's closest ally for his war on leaks. Remember this $3.2-billion idea for closing the 710 Freeway gap? More than 11,000 foreign guest workers were approved last year to harvest California crops. “Game of Thrones” started as a classic male-dominated adventure. Brian van der Brug / Gary Coronado / KTLA President Trump gained something he's been craving: Validation from America's closest ally for his war on leaks. Remember this $3.2-billion idea for closing the 710 Freeway gap? More than 11,000 foreign guest workers were approved last year to harvest California crops. “Game of Thrones” started as a classic male-dominated adventure. Brian van der Brug / Gary Coronado / KTLA Caption President Trump gained something he's been craving: Validation from America's closest ally for his war on leaks. Remember this $3.2-billion idea for closing the 710 Freeway gap? More than 11,000 foreign guest workers were approved last year to harvest California crops. “Game of Thrones” started as a classic male-dominated adventure. Brian van der Brug / Gary Coronado / KTLA President Trump gained something he's been craving: Validation from America's closest ally for his war on leaks. Remember this $3.2-billion idea for closing the 710 Freeway gap? More than 11,000 foreign guest workers were approved last year to harvest California crops. “Game of Thrones” started as a classic male-dominated adventure. Brian van der Brug / Gary Coronado / KTLA Caption The CBO, a nonpartisan office, analyzed the health bill passed by the House. A housing project built with shipping containers just opened in Orange County. Why are donut boxes pink? Joe Rohde is the Imagineer behind Disney's Pandora and Guardians of the Galaxy rides at their parks. Credits: Myung J. Chun / Jay L. Clendenin / Gary Coronado / KTLA / Allen J. Schaben The CBO, a nonpartisan office, analyzed the health bill passed by the House. A housing project built with shipping containers just opened in Orange County. Why are donut boxes pink? Joe Rohde is the Imagineer behind Disney's Pandora and Guardians of the Galaxy rides at their parks. Credits: Myung J. Chun / Jay L. Clendenin / Gary Coronado / KTLA / Allen J. Schaben Caption Chapman University has awarded an honorary degree to the mother of a quadriplegic student after she attended every class with him and took his notes while he pursued his master’s degree in business administration. Chapman University has awarded an honorary degree to the mother of a quadriplegic student after she attended every class with him and took his notes while he pursued his master’s degree in business administration. Caption Britain warned of another possible terrorist attack on Tuesday. States are moving fast to protect their pot industries from threats by the White House. The Marciano Art Museum is opening a landmark L.A. building to the public for the first time. Ready for an endless winter? Credits: Getty / Glenn Koeing / KTLA / Yoshihiro Makino Britain warned of another possible terrorist attack on Tuesday. States are moving fast to protect their pot industries from threats by the White House. The Marciano Art Museum is opening a landmark L.A. building to the public for the first time. Ready for an endless winter? Credits: Getty / Glenn Koeing / KTLA / Yoshihiro Makino Caption San Clemente beaches were reopened Tuesday with no shark sightings through the morning. The were closed on Monday after a fisherman hooked a 12-foot shark off the pier. (Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) San Clemente beaches were reopened Tuesday with no shark sightings through the morning. The were closed on Monday after a fisherman hooked a 12-foot shark off the pier. (Mark Boster / Los Angeles Times) Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion or Facebook MORE FROM OPINION A court pays too much attention to Trump's big mouth America's military is built to help defense contractors, not troops Why did Melania and Ivanka Trump cover their heads for the pope but not the Saudis? Here's one L.A. housing problem we can solve in an afternoon Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Charter Schools Education Elections Republican Party Ivanka Trump Netflix Eli Broad Europe's reaction to the Trump style ranges from envy to 'you tiny, tiny, tiny little man' Ben Stiller and Christine Taylor split after 17 years of marriage Another consequence of climate change: A good night's sleep Local Sports Politics Entertainment Opinion Most Popular Place An Ad 63°
Menu Stocks Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today Funds Mutual Funds ETF Investing 401k & Investing Tips Retirement Financial Advisor Center Trading Trading Advice Trade of the Day Trading Report How to Trade Options Market Insight IPO Playbook Gadgets, Smartphones & Tech Weird Street InvestorPolitics Financial Advisors Premium Services Stocks to Buy Stocks to Sell Dividend Stocks Penny Stocks Hot Stocks Stock Market Today DOW- NASDAQ- S&P 500- Home > Stock Picks > Stocks to Buy > Target Corporation (TGT) Invests $75 Million in Mattress Startup Casper Sleep The Minneapolis-based retailer has a new bedfellow: online mattress seller Casper Sleep By InvestorPlace Staff  |  May 26, 2017, 5:37 am EDT     Popular Posts: Momo Inc (ADR) (MOMO) Delivers Q1 Earnings Beat With 11x Sales Growth Red Nose Day 2017 is Coming May 25 Seadrill Ltd (SDRL) Jumps On Q1 Earnings Beat and New CEO Appointment Recent Posts: 8 New Instagram Features: Location Stories, Hashtag Stickers & More BP Benefits Increased to Cover Autism Therapy, Transgender Surgery and More Same-Scoop Ban: Why Ben & Jerry’s Is Refusing to Sell Two Scoops of the Same Flavor View All Posts Target Corporation (NYSE:TGT) has a new bedfellow — Casper Sleep Inc. — and will invest $75 million in the online mattress seller, according to media reports. Earlier this month, Target announced a partnership with Casper to sell its beds and accessories beginning in June. The San Francisco-based bedding maker typically sells online and ships mattresses directly to online shoppers. In announcing the partnership, Jill Sando, Target’s senior vice president, merchandising, home, said: “At Target, we strive to bring guests amazing new products and exciting partnerships. We love Casper’s brand and innovative products—and we really love the idea of giving our guests a simple way to get a better night’s sleep, with everything they need in one convenient place.” The latest transaction is said to be part of TGT’s effort to catch-up with Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) and Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) despite beating Wall Street’s sales expectations last quarter. InvestorPlace contributor Dana Blankenhorn noted on May 17, that “the skies have not cleared around the Minneapolis-based retailer. Its “store of the future” in Silicon Valley is still canceled. Its chief “innovation officer,” Casey Carl, has been pushed out the door.” “Carl joined the company in 2011 to fix the company’s e-commerce site, and while he did that, Target is still not a big player online, with just 4.3% of its revenue coming from there during the most recent quarter. That’s despite initiatives for in-store pick-up and big claims from management a few years ago that Target would be a player there.” TGT stock is down 25% this year. AMZN is up more than 27% and WMT has added 13% in the same period. Article printed from InvestorPlace Media, http://investorplace.com/2017/05/target-corporation-tgt-invests-75-million-in-mattress-startup-casper-sleep/. ©2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC More on InvestorPlace 8 Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts 7 F-Rated Stocks to Abandon Immediately 4 Technology Stocks to Buy Before They Ride AI to the Sky 3 Top Aerospace & Defense ETF Picks 7 Sports Stocks Everyone Knows — 4 Winners, 3 Losers 10 High-Tech Graduation Gifts for 2017 ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Editor's Picks 8 Dangerous Dividend Stocks That Could Cut or Kill Their Payouts 7 F-Rated Stocks to Abandon Immediately 4 Tech Stocks to Buy Before They Ride AI to the Sky 7 Sports Stocks Everyone Knows — 4 Winners, 3 Losers 3 Aerospace & Defense ETFs on the Move Most Popular The Top 10 S&P 500 Dividend Stocks to Buy Now 10 Hot Stocks That Could Crash 20% or More 10 Best Mutual Funds for Retirement Buy Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock for 35 Cents Now! 3 Dividend Stocks to Buy for 12 Months of Retirement Income 3 Dow Jones Stocks to Buy for a 2017 Breakout Poll of the Day View and vote in our How confident are you about the U.S. economy under President Donald Trump? poll Partners ADVERTISEMENT About Us   ·   Press Center   ·   Resources   ·   Advisory Services   ·   Free Newsletters   ·   Free Reports   ·   Contact Us   ·   Advertise With Us   ·   Employment   ·   Privacy   ·   Terms and Conditions   ·   Disclosures and Disclaimers   ·   Media Sites RSS   ·   Sitemap More On InvestorPlace: Choose A Page About Us Press Center Resources Advisory Services Free Newsletters Free Reports Contact Us Advertise With Us Employment Privacy Terms and Conditions Disclosures and Disclaimers Media Sites Sitemap Financial Market Data powered by FinancialContent Services, Inc. All rights reserved. Nasdaq quotes delayed at least 15 minutes, all others at least 20 minutes. Copyright © 2017 InvestorPlace Media, LLC. All rights reserved. 9201 Corporate Blvd, Rockville, MD 20850. Richard Band John Jagerson Hilary Kramer Jon Markman Louis Navellier Bryan Perry Ken Trester Dan Wiener Richard Young Blue Chip Growth Cash Machine GameChangers Independent Adviser for Vanguard Investors Intelligence Report Maximum Options Profitable Investing SlingShot Trader Trader’s Advantage Active Trading Income Investing Growth Investing Mutual Funds & ETFs Value Hunters Options Trading
LATEST SHOWS searchSearch Donate Subscribe Menu Menu Donate Subscribe close Search Marketplace search MARKETPLACE SHOWS Shows Marketplace Helmed by Kai Ryssdal, our flagship program examines what the day in money delivered, through stories, conversations, newsworthy numbers and more. Morning Report Host David Brancaccio explores the latest on markets, money, jobs and innovation, providing the context you need to make smarter decisions. Tech Host Ben Johnson tackles the business behind the technology that's obsessing us and changing our lives. Weekend Host Lizzie O'Leary gives you a relaxed yet informative look at where the economy collides with real life. It's everything from the paycheck to the personal. Currently Featured Series Currently Featured Series The Economic Anxiety Index What's your score? Take the quiz and compare to the rest of the country Robot-Proof Jobs We're looking at how machines are increasingly entering the workforce — and what we can do to adapt. Make Me Smart Because none of us is as smart as all of us. The Big Promise Our yearlong series on Erie County, Pennsylvania. TOPICS Topics Business Economy Sustainability World Tech Elections Health Care Education Life Wealth & Poverty Money Entertainment MUSIC AIR TIMES ABOUT US CAREERS CONTACT Play Pause DownloadDownload EmbedEmbed Embed Code Copy Close Latest Stories Latest Shows Popular Now Mentioned on Air Podcasts Sponsor Marketplace TodayBecome a Corporate Sponsor ▧ Latest Stories View More ▧ Popular Now View More FACEBOOK Share on Facebook TWITTER Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin Share by email I've always wondered... Why do grocery stores sell gift cards to other places? By Andy Uhler May 25, 2017 | 4:00 PM Listen to this story Download Embed Embed Code<iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2017/05/25/business/ive-always-wondered/why-do-grocery-stores-sell-gift-cards-other-places/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe> Copy Close That wall of different gift cards hanging on hooks at the end of a drugstore or grocery story aisle actually has a name: the gift card mall. - Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Listen To The Story Marketplace Downloaddownload Embedembed Embed Code<iframe src="https://www.marketplace.org/2017/05/25/business/ive-always-wondered/why-do-grocery-stores-sell-gift-cards-other-places/popout" frameborder="0" width="100%" height="240px"></iframe> Copy Close This is just one of the stories from our "I've Always Wondered" series, where we tackle all of your questions about the world of business, no matter how big or small. Ever wondered if recycling is worth it? Or how store brands stack up against name brands? Check out more from the series here.   Marketplace listener Mark McCullough from Miami sent in this question: "Why do stores sell gift cards for other stores at grocery stores and gas stations? What profit do the stores make selling the gift card for another store, and why does that store allow a gift card to be sold at another location? What do they get out of the deal?” The simple answer is: All sides get something out of deal. The store selling the gift cards gets added foot traffic, and the brands with gift cards that are being sold get more shelf space. Plus, there are third-party brokers who handle the gift card business and negotiate cuts of the sales for everyone. That wall of different gift cards hanging on hooks at the end of a drugstore or grocery story aisle actually has a name: the gift card mall. At a Target in downtown Los Angeles, John Jenkins and his daughter stood in front of one such display, talking about which option her friend might want for a gift. The Jenkins' had dozens to choose from — gift cards for iTunes, Starbucks, Netflix, Harley Davidson, Facebook, plus other retailers and restaurants. Jenkins said he's happy the store-within-a-store is there. “Convenience is definitely it," he said. "You can do some shopping and get a gift card all at the same time.”  But it wasn't always like this. Remember when, in order to get a gift certificate, you had to go to that particular store and some poor clerk would fill it out by hand?  Shelley Hunter, a former product analyst who now writes for giftcards.com as the Gift Card Girlfriend, said the shift to plastic actually started with Blockbuster Video. “They were having all sorts of problems with people making counterfeit gift certificates," she said. "They were the first company that converted to a plastic gift card that ran through the cash register. It was basically a fraud-prevention measure.” It worked. All the big brands adopted it. So, how did their different cards end up in a gift card mall like the one John Jenkins was so fond of at Target? A third-party broker. Two major companies, Blackhawk Networks and InComm, manage and distribute many of these gift card malls in the US. Teri Llach, chief marketing officer at Blackhawk, said the business took off about 15 years ago and now their business takes care of the whole process. “We get the cards, produce the cards, process the cards, develop racks that were easy to shop, merchandize those racks," she said. "We basically come at it with, 'Grocery store, don’t worry, we’ll take care of everything, and we’ll get this category up and running for you so it’s really a nice value added for your customer.'”  Related Gift card fraud could ruin your holiday 7 tips to prevent a gift card nightmare Brands pay Blackhawk to get in the gift card mall and Blackhawk passes some of that money onto the stores that host the mall. “Whomever's card it is, they’ve decided that the extra distribution in the grocery stores is worth them giving up a little bit of their margin on that card,” she said.  Blackhawk also acts as the go-between for the brands and the retailers on what to include or not. In Target, you won’t find an Amazon or Wal-Mart gift card. But according to Ben Jackson, who follows gift card developments for Mercator Advisory Group, Blackhawk Network didn't begin as a gift card processor. “It actually started with phone cards, long distance cards and international calling cards," he said. "That's where these companies began." He said prepaid calling cards gave Blackhawk expertise in processing transactions. “And then they slowly expanded into gift cards,” he said.  Now gift cards are a $100 billion industry.  At a CVS in Los Angeles, customer Marcelina Chavira said she reluctantly picks up a gift card on occasion.  “If you’re in a hurry and you forgot it was someone’s birthday, you can pick up your toilet paper, and pick up your Gatorade, and pick up your gift card for whomever likes whatever specific gift card they have on the stand,” she said.  It’s convenient for the customer. It makes money for all involved, with just the slightest bit of aisle space. Is it the most ideal, personal gift? Probably not. Follow Andy Uhler at @andy_uhler.  Andy Uhler Andy Uhler is a reporter for Marketplace covering general assignments. He joined the Marketplace team from the Texas Standard, an hour-long news program produced at KUT in Austin, Texas. Prior to that, he was a natural resources policy analyst... Read More Twitter: andy_uhler FACEBOOK Share on Facebook TWITTER Share on Twitter Share on Linkedin Share by email Show Comments Subscribe to the  Marketplacenewsletter. Follow the Podcast support us 3 things you may have missed about Trump's budget Business World Life Tech Sustainability Education Wealth & Poverty Entertainment Money Access: Marketplace Apps Newsletters Podcasts Stations Contact Submissions Follow Us On: FACEBOOKfacebook TWITTERtwitter instagram ©  2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All Rights Reserved. About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Feedback
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Best Buy Defies Retail Doldrums, Posting Higher Sales -- 3rd Update ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Best Buy Defies Retail Doldrums, Posting Higher Sales -- 3rd Update By Khadeeja Safdar Published May 25, 2017 Features Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Print Best Buy Co., the electronics giant left for dead a few years ago, is bucking America's retail slump by turning its cavernous stores from a potential drag on its business into a way to fend off Amazon.com Inc. Continue Reading Below The company Thursday reported a slight increase in quarterly revenue, surprising investors who were bracing for a decline. Online sales jumped 23% in the U.S. from a year ago, accounting for $1 billion of business in the quarter and offsetting in-store declines. Best Buy shares surged 21% Thursday to $61.25, setting an all-time high and marking its largest percentage gain since January 2001. It is a reversal for a company that five years ago was struggling with plunging sales and dwindling profit as consumers browsed at brick-and-mortar stores but made purchases on Amazon and other websites, a practice called "showrooming." Some investors remain skeptical, with more than $2 billion in short interest, or bets that the share price will decline, according to research firm S3 Partners. The company's modest growth stands apart in an industry that has struggled with declining mall traffic and a glut of traditional stores. Retailers are on pace to close a record number of stores this year and several are being liquidated in bankruptcy court. Two of Best Buy's competitors, RadioShack and hhgregg Inc., recently filed for bankruptcy protection with plans to close hundreds of stores. While Best Buy has closed a dozen large stores and 40 smaller ones during the past year, it continues to operate 1,600 locations in North America and is increasingly able to use them to build up its e-commerce business. About half of its online orders are now either shipped or picked up from its stores. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT "The stores continue to be a great asset for us," Best Buy Chief Executive Hubert Joly said on Thursday. "They're a great asset from the standpoint of the customer experience on the more complex categories or experiences, and they're a great asset from a shipping and logistics standpoint." To fend off digital competition, Best Buy gave up efforts to charge consumers more in stores than online. It promised in 2013 to match online competitors' prices and brought its prices in line with Amazon's -- a move that has paid dividends now that shoppers can instantly check prices on their smartphones. The price guarantee made a loyal shopper out of Anton Robinson, a 34-year-old lawyer in New York City. He buys his music equipment from Best Buy because he prefers to test products in person and doesn't have to compare prices. "I want to know what a speaker sounds like," he said. "And I know the price point is going to be there." Now many other retailers, including Target Corp. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc., are rushing to lower prices and use their stores to fill online orders. Best Buy "ripped the Band-Aid off early under this management team," said Seth Sigman, an analyst at Credit Suisse. "They quickly came to the realization that sharper prices are the future." Best Buy also found a way to get more out of its giant stores. The company eliminated much of the floorspace once dedicated to DVDs and other media and has given it to brands such as Samsung, Verizon and Microsoft, which both pay rent and provide staff with expertise. The chain benefits from selling higher-margin electronics and appliances at a time that traditional sellers like Sears Holdings Corp. are struggling. On Thursday, Sears reported that domestic comparable-store sales decreased 12.4% in its latest quarter, partly due to declines in home-appliance sales. For the quarter ended April 29, Best Buy reported revenue of $8.53 billion, up 1% from the year-earlier period. Profit fell to $188 million, or 60 cents a share, down from $229 million, or 69 cents a share, a year ago, which was boosted by a $183 million legal settlement. In a call with analysts, Mr. Joly said cellphone sales "were better than we expected" in the quarter thanks to unlimited data plans launched in February by Verizon Communications Inc. and AT&T Inc., which prompted shoppers to visit stores. Sales rose late in the quarter as U.S. consumers received tax refunds that had been delayed. Best Buy got a boost from the release of Nintendo Co.'s new console, the Switch. It was released in limited quantities after its March debut sending shoppers to stores in search of the $299 gadget. Target executives said earlier this month that Switch helped it achieve its best quarterly electronics sales gains in three years. Sales from the device helped struggling retailer GameStop Corp. post a 2.3% comparable-sales increase on Thursday, bucking analysts' expectations for a decline. "We are selling everything that we get our hands on," GameStop Chief Executive Paul Raines said in an interview. Mr. Joly has been adding services, such as technical support and the company's Geek Squad repair services, to lessen Best Buy's reliance on new gadgets or televisions. On Thursday, he said Best Buy plans a nationwide rollout of in-home advisory services, in which consultants will visit consumers to field technology questions. "Having these conversations in the home unlocks all sorts of discussions with the customers," Mr. Joly said. "There's some needs that people never talk about in the stores." --Maria Armental contributed to this article. Write to Khadeeja Safdar at khadeeja.safdar@wsj.com (END) Dow Jones Newswires May 25, 2017 19:41 ET (23:41 GMT) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
null
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 72° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Intervals of clouds and sunshine. A stray severe thunderstorm is possible. High 87F. Winds E at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Thunderstorms in the evening will give way to cloudy skies overnight. A few storms may be severe. Low 66F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Rainfall near an inch. Updated: May 27, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Law and order Close 1 of 4 Robert Cohen • rcohen@post-dispatch.com Glen Carbon public works employees board-up a burned home on Dogwood Lane on Friday, March 17, 2017, after a man died in the home early Thursday. The home belongs to Cristy Campbell, who was found dead at Silver Lake after her infant son was rescued from the woman's sinking SUV. Photo by Robert Cohen, rcohen@post-dispatch.com Robert Cohen An SUV that was found in Silver Lake with a baby inside is towed from the scene in Highland, Il. on Thursday, March 16, 2017. Photo by Robert Cohen, rcohen@post-dispatch.com Glen Carbon police Police have released his photo of Cristy L. Campbell, 32, who is a person of interest in the house fire that killed one person in Glen Carbon, Ill., Thursday morning.  A photo of Justin Campbell that was posted to Cristy Campbell's Facebook page on Feb. 13, 2017. Their parents died violent deaths. Now grandparents of 7 Glen Carbon children fighting for guardianship By Allison Colburn St. Louis Post-Dispatch 16 hrs ago (…) +3  Police have released his photo of Cristy L. Campbell, 32, who is a person of interest in the house fire that killed one person in Glen Carbon, Ill., Thursday morning.  Glen Carbon police +3  A photo of Justin Campbell that was posted to Cristy Campbell's Facebook page on Feb. 13, 2017. Robert Cohen • rcohen@post-dispatch.com Glen Carbon public works employees board-up a burned home on Dogwood Lane on Friday, March 17, 2017, after a man died in the home early Thursday. The home belongs to Cristy Campbell, who was found dead at Silver Lake after her infant son was rescued from the woman's sinking SUV. Photo by Robert Cohen, rcohen@post-dispatch.com Robert Cohen An SUV that was found in Silver Lake with a baby inside is towed from the scene in Highland, Il. on Thursday, March 16, 2017. Photo by Robert Cohen, rcohen@post-dispatch.com EDWARDSVILLE • Seven children from Glen Carbon whose parents died in March are now at the center of a struggle over guardianship between their paternal grandparents and their maternal grandmother. According to court documents, Nancy and Henry Campbell of Glen Carbon, the children’s paternal grandparents, filed a petition for guardianship after the parents, Cristy and Justin Campbell, died March 16. More than a month later, Cristy Campbell’s mother, Lenora Brueggemann of Caseyville, filed a counterpetition for guardianship that alleged Nancy and Henry Campbell were forcing the children, five boys and two girls, ages 5 months to 14 years, to adopt a lifestyle that harms their mental health. The counterpetition claims that Nancy and Henry Campbell have: • Forced the children to adopt the couple’s religion, Jehovah’s Witnesses, and to seek converts by going door to door. • Banned contact between the children and Brueggemann because Brueggemann is not a Jehovah’s Witness. • Planned to have the children discontinue their extracurricular activities, including sports. The document says Brueggemann was the primary alternate child care provider for the children before their parents’ deaths. Brueggemann was unable to house all seven children after their parents’ deaths, but the petition says she is working on securing an adequate living situation. “The lives of the children have been disrupted to a severe degree due to the nature of the loss of their parents, and it is not in the best interests of the minor children to discontinue their previous extracurricular activities and force them into a religion which was not the status quo of the biological parents,” Brueggemann’s counterpetition reads. Some of the details of how events unfolded on March 16 remain unclear. But early that morning, six of the children of Cristy and Justin Campbell fled their burning house on Dogwood Lane in Glen Carbon. Some ran to a neighbor’s house, and others found help at a nearby Walmart. Sixteen miles away, about 5:30 a.m. a 911 caller reported an SUV in Silver Lake in Highland. A paramedic reached the scene in time to swim 50 to 75 feet and save a 3-month-old baby, who was floating inside the vehicle with a few inches of air space. Cristy Campbell’s body was found in the lake later that morning. Justin Campbell’s body was found inside the remains of the house. A coroner ruled that he died of a gunshot wound to the head before the house went up in flames. Cristy and Justin Campbell divorced in Madison County in 2012, according to court records. She was awarded custody of the children. A neighbor told the Post-Dispatch in March that she believed Justin Campbell was also living at the house on Dogwood Lane. The couple had a history of domestic issues. Justin Campbell was a manager at a Bob Evans restaurant in Collinsville, and Cristy Campbell worked as a manager with T-J Transport in Highland, and a cocktail waitress at Lumière Place Casino in St. Louis. Public pay: Compare government and teacher salaries for St. Louis area St. Louis Crime Tracker 2017 St. Louis area homicide map The men Missouri has executed since 2000 +3  Police have released his photo of Cristy L. Campbell, 32, who is a person of interest in the house fire that killed one person in Glen Carbon, Ill., Thursday morning.  Glen Carbon police +3  A photo of Justin Campbell that was posted to Cristy Campbell's Facebook page on Feb. 13, 2017. Tags Glen Carbon Cristy Campbell Justin Campbell Suv Silver Lake Highland Petition Worship Civil Law Law View (…) comments Breaking News e-newsletter Breaking News from the St. Louis Post-Dispatch Get breaking news delivered to your inbox as it develops. This field is required. Sign Up leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Most popular No degree. No skills. So how did she get a nursing job at a St. Louis hospital? Bloody 15 hours in St. Louis city, county leave 4 dead, 8 injured in separate shootings Trump's $4.1 trillion budget slashes Medicaid, food stamps Man performed 'wrestling moves' on 2-year-old before she died, Jefferson County deputies say Raids on St. Louis-area markets tied to illegal cigarette and K2 sales, sources say Follow us Latest in section Police say man is dead after exchange of gunfire with officers in south St. Louis Suspect in fatal shootings arrested walking naked along Tennessee road Belleville woman is charged with DUI in crash that killed husband, injured children Two shooting victims found in north St. Louis Murder charge filed in St. Louis against suspect in fatal shootings in city, county Quick links Current Affairs Government pay Lottery Obituaries Press releases Traffic map Take the dive of a lifetime and win prizes! Get your Father something cool! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Celebrations Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
The Hollywood Reporter Movies TV Business Style Politics Tech Culture Awards Video Subscribe Newsletters CinemaCon SIGGRAPH SMPTE May 24, 2017 5:32pm PT by Carolyn Giardina 'Spider-Man: Homecoming'-Themed Spider-Drone Ready to Fly Courtesy of Skyrocket Skyrocket Toys has partnered with Marvel on a functional replica of the surveillance drone used in the upcoming superhero pic. Aimed at Spider-Man fans and drone enthusiasts, Skyrocket Toys has partnered with Marvel on the launch of an Official Movie Edition "Spider-Drone" — a functional replica of an eight-legged surveillance drone that Spidey will use in the upcoming film Spider-Man: Homecoming. There’s a basic Spider-Man Drone, which lists for $89.99 and will be available first at Walmart starting June 4. A $150-priced Spider-Man Streaming Video Spider-Drone, letting users stream and record HD video, will be exclusively available at Toys'R'Us starting July 1. Produced by Columbia Pictures and Marvel Studios, Spider-Man: Homecoming is set to open June 28.  Carolyn Giardina [email protected] CGinLA Comments comments powered by Disqus The Hollywood Reporter © 2017 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Vibe Spin Stereogum Death and Taxes
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 59° F Clear Hi: 69° F Lo: 55° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: cruisin' connecticut News 8 is Working for Connecticut nyberg stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Gov. Malloy urges awareness of Safe Haven Law May 26, 2017 Governor Dannel Malloy and Department of Children and Families Commissioner (DCF) Joette Katz are urging for greater public awareness of the… I-91 in Rocky Hill closed after tractor trailer accident May 26, 2017 I-91 in Rocky Hill is closed on Friday night after a tractor trailer accident. Pick-up truck crashes into utility pole in Middletown May 26, 2017 One person injured in car accident on I-91 in New Haven May 26, 2017 DHS secretary: Electronics ban may be expanded to flights departing US May 26, 2017 Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 59° F Clear Feels Like: 59° F Wind: NW 5 Humidity: 75% Dewpoint: 51° F Sunrise: 5:24 AM Sunset: 8:13 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 59° F Clear Hi: 69° F Lo: 55° F Police search for suspects after credit card is stolen from unlocked vehicle in Ashford By Cailyn Blonstein, News 8 Online Content Producer Published: May 25, 2017, 9:41 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Courtesy: Connecticut State Police ASHFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — Troopers are searching for the person or people who stole a credit card from an unlocked vehicle and then used it at a store last week. Courtesy: Connecticut State Police Courtesy: Connecticut State Police On April 19, between 3:30 a.m. and 4:00 a.m., several unlocked vehicles on Lakeview Dr. and Squirrel Hill Dr. in Ashford were entered and rummaged through. At least one vehicle owner reported that a credit card had been taken from their vehicle. Officials say the stolen credit card was used at approximately 5:50 a.m. at Walmart in North Windham. Courtesy: Connecticut State Police If you have information or may know the identity of the suspects, you are asked to call troopers at (860) 896-3222. They remind residents that all calls will remain confidential. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Farmington police warn residents of thefts from unlocked vehicles Cars stolen from, burglarized at Rocky Hill apartment complex Plainfield Police ask for public’s help identifying people in debit card fraud Cars broken into in Durham; debit card stolen used in Meriden Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 1998-2017 wtnh.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman San Joaquin Valley Homes to Begin Construction at Mountain View /EINPresswire.com/ — HANFORD, CA–(Marketwired – May 25, 2017) – San Joaquin Valley Homes (SJV Homes) will start construction on the first phase at Mountain View, a new residential neighborhood located at the northwest corner of 11th and Houston in Hanford, Calif., that will offer 32 single-family homes. Sales will open on May 27. The community is expected to be complete in February 2018. „This ideally located site is in a beautiful rural setting that’s close to downtown Hanford and less than an hour from Fresno,” said Danny Garcia, vice president of sales at SJV Homes. „We don’t expect these homes to stay on the market for long.” The 1,443- to 2,100-square-foot homes on 6,100- to 15,090-square-foot lots will be built in Mediterranean, Tuscan and Craftsman styles. Mountain View is located 20 minutes from the Lemoore Naval Base, which employs more than 7,000 military personnel. Mountain View is close to Highway 198, offering quick access to major employers including Adventist Medical Center, Central Valley Meat Co., Del Monte Foods, The Hanford Sentinel, Walmart Warehouse and Costco Wholesale. Founded in 2013 by Joe Leal, Jim Robinson and Randy Merrill, SJV Homes plans on closing its 1,000th home by year end, making it one of the most active homebuilders in the region. Mountain View is SJV Homes’ 13th joint venture project with Presidio Residential Capital, a San Diego-based real estate investment company that funds 100 percent of the projects and operations of SJV Homes. According to the National Association of Home Builders’ formula to determine the local impact of single-family housing in typical metro areas, adding 32 single-family homes will generate $9.1 million in local income, $1.1 million in taxes and other revenue for local governments and 126 local jobs. About SJV Homes Deeply rooted in residential construction, the founders of Visalia, California-based San Joaquin Valley Homes have built thousands of quality homes and attractive neighborhoods for Central Valley residents. Founders Joe Leal, Jim Robinson and Randy Merrill share a vision of delivering excellence through every level of building, delivering wonderful homes in great neighborhoods. In 2013, SJV Homes combined forces with Presidio Residential Capital, a real estate investment company based in San Diego. www.sjvhomes.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Advantage Announces Annual Meeting Voting Results on Election of Directors Next PostNext Ucore Comments on Strategic Metals Complex & Consolidated Appropriations Act Search Recent Posts Wire Bonder Equipment Market to Grow at a CAGR of 2.88% to 2021 Toyota Celebrates The Sand, Surf & Safety of San Diego’s Beaches Republican Legislators Rejecting Student Loan Refinancing Themselves Attended College at One-Fifth the Cost Today Surprise your dad with Gifts for Fathers Day Surprise your dad with Gifts for Fathers Day Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 26 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman San Joaquin Valley Homes to Begin Construction at Mountain View /EINPresswire.com/ — HANFORD, CA–(Marketwired – May 25, 2017) – San Joaquin Valley Homes (SJV Homes) will start construction on the first phase at Mountain View, a new residential neighborhood located at the northwest corner of 11th and Houston in Hanford, Calif., that will offer 32 single-family homes. Sales will open on May 27. The community is expected to be complete in February 2018. „This ideally located site is in a beautiful rural setting that’s close to downtown Hanford and less than an hour from Fresno,” said Danny Garcia, vice president of sales at SJV Homes. „We don’t expect these homes to stay on the market for long.” The 1,443- to 2,100-square-foot homes on 6,100- to 15,090-square-foot lots will be built in Mediterranean, Tuscan and Craftsman styles. Mountain View is located 20 minutes from the Lemoore Naval Base, which employs more than 7,000 military personnel. Mountain View is close to Highway 198, offering quick access to major employers including Adventist Medical Center, Central Valley Meat Co., Del Monte Foods, The Hanford Sentinel, Walmart Warehouse and Costco Wholesale. Founded in 2013 by Joe Leal, Jim Robinson and Randy Merrill, SJV Homes plans on closing its 1,000th home by year end, making it one of the most active homebuilders in the region. Mountain View is SJV Homes’ 13th joint venture project with Presidio Residential Capital, a San Diego-based real estate investment company that funds 100 percent of the projects and operations of SJV Homes. According to the National Association of Home Builders’ formula to determine the local impact of single-family housing in typical metro areas, adding 32 single-family homes will generate $9.1 million in local income, $1.1 million in taxes and other revenue for local governments and 126 local jobs. About SJV Homes Deeply rooted in residential construction, the founders of Visalia, California-based San Joaquin Valley Homes have built thousands of quality homes and attractive neighborhoods for Central Valley residents. Founders Joe Leal, Jim Robinson and Randy Merrill share a vision of delivering excellence through every level of building, delivering wonderful homes in great neighborhoods. In 2013, SJV Homes combined forces with Presidio Residential Capital, a real estate investment company based in San Diego. www.sjvhomes.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Advantage Announces Annual Meeting Voting Results on Election of Directors Next PostNext Ucore Comments on Strategic Metals Complex & Consolidated Appropriations Act Search Recent Posts Wire Bonder Equipment Market to Grow at a CAGR of 2.88% to 2021 Toyota Celebrates The Sand, Surf & Safety of San Diego’s Beaches Republican Legislators Rejecting Student Loan Refinancing Themselves Attended College at One-Fifth the Cost Today Surprise your dad with Gifts for Fathers Day Surprise your dad with Gifts for Fathers Day Business Directory Business Contacts Meta Log in Entries RSS Comments RSS WordPress.org Proudly powered by WordPress
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. APP Frontpage   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations DEAL OF THE DAY Daniel Horowitz's 'Stolen Sovereignty' – lowest price ever! $4.95 today only! Save $21 on blockbuster exposé of growing judicial tyranny Published: 1 day ago Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Even after a second-generation Libyan refugee killed 22 young people in Manchester, England – Libya being one of the countries specified in President Donald Trump’s travel ban designed to protect Americans from suffering a similar fate – the 4th Circuit Court has, by a 10-3 vote, ruled that Trump’s travel ban illegally discriminates against Muslims. But that’s just one more example of the radical transformation of America underway, at the hands of unelected judges, that Conservative Review Editor Daniel Horowitz warns about in his powerful new book. And today only, WND readers can Horowitz’s “Stolen Sovereignty: How to Stop Unelected Judges from Transforming America” for only $4.95 — a radical $21 discount off the regular $25.99 price! Save $21, get “Stolen Sovereignty” for only $4.95! Even in the age of Trump, Americans are confronted with a jarring reality that the left has succeeded in growing the power of the courts. Obama replaced roughly 30 percent of the district and appellate judges on the federal benches, which means Americans are now facing a judicial time bomb the likes of which they’ve never faced before. With the Obergefell v. Hodges ruling on same-sex marriage, the courts have usurped the will of the people and set a precedent that has become a de facto law of the land. Who REALLY rules America? Stand up against the unelected tyrants in black. Find out how in “Stolen Sovereignty: How to Stop Unelected Judges From Transforming America.” Available now at the WND Superstore! In “Stolen Sovereignty: How to Stop Unelected Judges from Transforming America,” Daniel Horowitz reveals just how disenfranchised voters have really become. On issue after issue, we are witnessing a transformation of our society before our very eyes, all without the ability to stop it through the political process. We are becoming a government not of the people, by the people, for the people, but of the elites, by the justices, and for the few. First the courts went after your income. Then they concocted a right to murder the unborn. Then they created a right to redefine marriage, the building block of all civilization. Next they will go after the right to our sovereign borders. Where will it end? It is the legislative branch that gives the people their voice. With a weak U.S. Congress, the people will suffer at the hands of a tyrannical few. By ceding the power of the purse, willfully ignoring executive overreach, blindly confirming judicial nominees, and writing statutes so broadly that they transfer full legislative power to the president, the past few generations of congressmen and women have helped the executive branch and the courts to crush America their own power. “Stolen Sovereignty: How to Stop Unelected Judges from Transforming America” is a book defending sovereignty and society from the courts. Horowitz masterfully explains the legal foundations of this great nation and how the three branches of government are designed to keep the people free. He outlines how the recent overreach of the judicial branch has led to the extinguishing of the voice of the people. And most important, he provides solutions as the looming immigration crisis overshadows the political landscape. “It is no longer sufficient to sneer, scorn, or warn against the judicial tyranny; it’s time to fight back and implement immediate reforms or we will cease to exist as a democratic society and a sovereign nation,” says Horowitz. As we hunger for leaders who will steer the country back on the track of liberty and justice for all, we must ensure we are never one court decision or one executive order away from losing our society, sovereignty and government. The courts have spoken. Now, it’s time for the American people to reclaim their sovereignty. Talk-radio giant and bestselling author Mark Levin praises the book, saying, “‘Stolen Sovereignty: How to Stop Unelected Judges from Transforming America’ is one of the most important and timely books for those who seek the path of liberty and self- governance. Agree with all his proposals or not, Horowitz presents a compelling blueprint and a rallying cry, chock-full of wisdom, insights, and quotes from our founders and early political leaders regarding the most important systemic political problems of our time.” Brent Bozell, founder and president of the Media Research Center, also praises the book, saying, “No one elected anyone to fundamentally transform American society and yet it’s happened, at the speed of light. How did the radical left pull it off? More importantly: How do Americans get their freedom back? Daniel Horowitz is one of the sharpest writers and thinkers in the conservative movement and ‘Stolen Sovereignty’ is another notch in his belt. It’s required reading for anyone devoted to liberty.” Daniel Horowitz is a Senior Editor at Conservative Review. He has guest-hosted nationally syndicated radio programs such as Sean Hannity and Steve Deace. Horowitz’s articles are often quoted in the Associated Press, Wall Street Journal, USA Today and on Fox News. Horowitz resides in Baltimore, Maryland with his wife and three children. Save $21, get “Stolen Sovereignty” for only $4.95! We’ve been listening to you! And your message is clear. More and more of our 8 million monthly visitors to WND have been telling us the same thing. “We love WND,” they say. “But can I pay to get your content without being bombarded by advertising and putting up with loads times on audio and video spots?” We have answered the call. The product is called WND Weekly – and, that’s right, it contains no ads, just a very reasonable annual subscription cost. Each week, all the original content from WND.com is collected, repackaged with spectacular designs and beautifully illustrated, and delivered to your computer, tablet, or phone for you to read, browse, check out, examine, inspect, peruse, pore over, scan, search, skim, study, AND KEEP FOREVER … absolutely ad-free! Print it, save it, or share it. And each weekly issue costs less than a song on iTunes, a new razor from a monthly shave club, five 4×6 photo prints at Walmart, an ATM fee, a souvenir penny, a cheap beer, a junior cheeseburger deluxe at Wendy’s, a slice of pizza in New York City, or even a house in Detroit (Seriously! Google it!) Whether you’re taking a Sunday drive, planning a Sunday brunch, or wearing your Sunday best, start your favorite day with a cuppa coffee and a no-nonsense, matter-of-fact, down-to-earth, nitty-gritty, nuts-and-bolts, brass-tacks, meat-and-potatoes issue of WND Weekly . Of course, when news is breaking big time – like by the minute – we still hope those who take us up on this offer will come back to WND.com to catch up. Actually, it’s not a new product. We’ve been doing it for years. But we’ve dramatically lowered the subscription cost on this weekly digital magazine delivered to your inbox to make it more affordable for everyone. We also welcome you to sample one issue FREE of all cost or obligation because we know you will love this easy, convenient, efficient way to read our news and commentary at your leisure. In an age of “fake news” being presented as fact, WND.com strives to be the best source of powerful, truthful investigative journalism you’ve come to expect from the No. 1, original pioneering independent news agency dedicated to draining the swamp of Washington, D.C., since we started publishing back in 1997. A simple-to-access and easy way to digest the news, WND Weekly is a platform for a download of the week’s worth of content when you want it and as often as you want it. Instead of constantly refreshing WND.com to see what’s the newest, breaking story, WND Weekly allows you see a beautiful presentation of the week’s hottest stories in a diligently packaged and fully illustrated manner so you can catch up on all the news in one visual production. And, did we forget to tell you, it’s ad-free? Try it now – for free. If you like what you see, pay only $29.99 for a full year of this service. NOTE: For this offer, your credit card will be charged only for the price of the items you have ordered and your free WND Weekly trial will begin. Also included with your merchandise will be your renewal notice for a one-year WND Weekly subscription. NOTE: If you want to renew, do nothing, and your credit card will be debited for the low annual renewal rate of $29.99. At any time during the year, you can cancel your new subscription for a full refund on the unused portion. To keep WND Weekly coming in future years, do nothing and we’ll renew your subscription automatically at the low prevailing rate by charging your credit or debit card. You may cancel by calling 1-800-4WNDCOM (800-496-3266) or by emailing canceltrial-WB@wnd.com. This offer is valid for credit card purchases and does not apply to purchasers of WND Weekly subscriptions in the previous 365 days as the offer’s intent is to introduce non-subscribers to the digital magazine. Order your copy “Stolen Sovereignty: How to Stop Unelected Judges from Transforming America” for only $4.95. This offer is valid today only, so order now. Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah Congress needs to impeach this judge! Real America Patrice Lewis Forever young MAKING POLITICS PERSONAL Carl Jackson Trump's travel ban: Compassionate, not racist GLOBAL JIHAD Craige McMillan Bloodsucking elitists and the father of lies BODY OF CHRIST Philip Irvin The church home I am looking for More Commentary » Deal of the Day Daniel Horowitz's 'Stolen Sovereignty' – $4.95 today only! Save $21 on blockbuster exposé of growing judicial tyranny – and how to stop it Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,415.82 +0.75 (+0.03%) Dow 30 21,080.28 -2.67 (-0.01%) Nasdaq 6,210.19 +4.94 (+0.08%) Listen Mark Zuckerberg's Harvard Commencement Speech Where do you get better deals — Costco or Amazon? <a href="">Alessandra Malito</a> MarketWatch May 26, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share There are some healthy staples you always want to have on hand for meal prep, your favorite recipes, and any other kitchen experiments. But these things can be crazy expensive - I was reminded of this on my last Sunday venture to Whole Foods when I picked up some organic maple syrup (you know, because protein pancakes) and gasped at the price tag.More Sometimes it’s important to see and feel the product in person Costco (COST) and Amazon (AMZN)  may be two totally different types of stores, but the competition between the two is heating up. “When it comes to activities like shopping, we are bad at valuing our time,” said David Bell, a professor of marketing at The Wharton School at the University of Pennsylvania. Shopping in person, however, may prove beneficial for testing out big ticket items like TVs. The two retailers offer different types of memberships. To shop at Costco, you need to be a member for most items, which costs $60 a year; Amazon shoppers can gain access to two-day shipping and other perks for a $99 annual membership fee, but you can obviously shop there without membership. Also see:This multimillionaire ‘Harry Potter’ star loves Costco (really, he LOVES it) However, they’re beginning to cross over into each other’s territories. Amazon now offers AmazonFresh, its grocery delivery service. And Costco announced in March that it would begin delivering groceries in the Tampa, Fla. area before the end of the year. Amazon is also trying to become a leader in fashion and wedding dresses. It also recently opened brick-and-mortar bookstore in New York City — after putting many bookstores out of business. Costco, meanwhile, sells everything from oversized bottles of vitamins to printers. See also: Meet Amazon’s first customer -- this is the book he bought But which offers the better deals? It depends. What to buy at Costco Costco has good deals on perishable items, such as Cabot cheese, Kerrygold butter, avocado oil, Fage Greek yogurt and Starbucks (SBUX) whole bean coffee, said Kendal Perez, a savings expert at CouponSherpa.com. An XBOX One S “Battlefield 1 Special Edition Bundle” is $249.97 at Costco and $297.90 on Amazon. You can also find good deals on beauty items — a 3.4 ounce bottle of English Laundry Notting Hill perfume and matching rollerball is $69.99 at Costco, while the same sized bottle on Amazon is $90 alone. There are some items not to buy in bulk, if you’re not going to use them within the following nine to 12 months, including laundry detergent, which some experts say can lose its potency, baby products (such as diapers) that babies can grow out of quickly, and sundry items such as spices and rice, which have a shelf life of six to 12 months and can expire unused. Costco does sell its own line of products, including a highly coveted golf ball. Bulk-buying makes sense at Costco For big families, bulk-buying at Costco makes sense. The store’s in-house brand, Kirkland Signature, also typically sell at a discount to name brands, and Consumer Reports has even rated Kirkland-branded products as better in quality than other household brands. And while some Kirkland products can be found on Amazon, they’re typically cheaper at Costco. A three-pound bag of Kirkland brand walnuts can cost as little as $17 at Costco online, whereas it costs $20 on Amazon. As an added bonus, many Kirkland products are reportedly manufactured by the name brand companies, according to Kyle James, founder of Rather-Be-Shopping.com. “The Kirkland brand at Costco is pretty stellar, and by consistently opting for the in-house brand, your savings will easily surpass $55 annual membership fee,” he said. Prices, however, may vary by region. What to buy at Amazon Amazon, on the other hand, will likely have better deals on books, CDs and DVDs, experts say, and diapers or printer ink come cheaper on Amazon than at Costco, according to a blog post on The Krazy Coupon Lady’s website. For example, a box set of Bob’s books for beginner readers is $10.55 on Amazon, compared to $15.99 at Costco. Amazon also offers a Subscribe & Save tool, which lets shoppers automatically reorder products and gives a discount to them for doing so. Still, there are items to refrain from purchasing on Amazon, such as cleaning products, which are less expensive at stores like Wal-Mart, WMT and clothes, which the online giant has not yet mastered. A 152-count Tide laundry detergent is $45.48 on Amazon but $42.83 on Walmart.com. (Jacob Passy contributed to this article.) More from MarketWatch Tonight’s the night to get your best sleep of the week, statistically speaking ‘Roseanne’ is coming back to TV — how American families have changed since 1988 When they’re not eating avocado toast, millennials spend five hours a day doing this… Alessandra Malito is a personal finance reporter based in New York. You can follow her on Twitter @malito_ali. More From MarketWatch Seeing America again through new eyes How to dig yourself out of debt Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next The Best, Most Unexpected Item to Buy at Costco Popsugar US Great deal! These are our three favorite Amazon tech bargains today Digital Trends The tech industry is dominated by 5 big companies — here’s how each makes its money Business Insider After Amazon touches $999, here's where Wall Street thinks it will go next CNBC Tesla could be the next Amazon, says Gene Munster CNBC 'This is serious': Jared Kushner reportedly tried to set up a secret Trump-Russia back channel Business Insider Americans who need jobs aren’t going where the jobs are Yahoo Finance Mark Zuckerberg joins Silicon Valley bigwigs in calling for government to give everybody free money CNBC How I Save 25% of My Income for Retirement -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Samsung’s new Galaxy is a hardware beast Yahoo Finance Video How to pick the best college tuition payment plan Yahoo Finance A scathing resignation memo from the top US student aid official reveals a Trump proposal that may delegitimize the Department of Education Business Insider Off-lease used cars are flooding market, pushing prices down Associated Press I Have an 800 Credit Score. Why Was I Rejected for This Travel Rewards Card? Credit.com What to Do if You Run Out of Money in Retirement -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool What to Watch in the Markets in the Week Ahead Yahoo Finance Video Americans who need jobs aren’t going where the jobs are Yellowhair: I suspect a lot of people are not willing to move cross country for $12 an hour. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2.3k
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Market Pharma stocks; Credit Suisse says structural concerns in US intensifying Pharma stocks; Credit Suisse says structural concerns in US intensifying Indian pharma stocks have de-rated by 10% over the last one year, but with price erosion expected to increase, a further de-rating is expected. Multiple triggers for further de-rating Higher price erosion leads to lower earnings growth and returns and therefore drives de-rating. We expect price erosion to increase to 10-12% due to (i) higher competition […] By: Credit Suisse | Mumbai | Updated: May 27, 2017 2:31 AM Indian pharma stocks have de-rated by 10% over the last one year, but with price erosion expected to increase, a further de-rating is expected.(PTI) Indian pharma stocks have de-rated by 10% over the last one year, but with price erosion expected to increase, a further de-rating is expected. Multiple triggers for further de-rating Higher price erosion leads to lower earnings growth and returns and therefore drives de-rating. We expect price erosion to increase to 10-12% due to (i) higher competition from increasing FDA approvals; (ii) increasing channel consolidation where post Express Script joining Walgreen consortium, top three buyers now account for 90% of generic purchasing; (iii) increasing approvals of new entrants which get 30% of system approvals now. Our assumptions are benign, could have further downside Our assumption of 10-12% price erosion factors in (i) the FDA approval rate being just equal to current filings and does not assume FDA clearing the large backlog queue of ~4000 ANDAs; (ii) we have taken only direct impact of channel consolidation, but not factored in non-linear indirect impact, as with reduced buyers 95% price erosion now could be achieved with 6+ players vs. 8+ players currently. Stocks have not yet bottomed out; we cut earnings and multiples We cut US multiples from 16-18x to 14-16x to factor in higher price erosion. We cut FY19 earnings for coverage by 7% average to factor channel consolidation and INR appreciation. TP for Lupin reduces to Rs1,200, DRL to Rs2,200, Sun Rs600, Cipla to Rs655, Aurobindo Rs750, Cadila Rs540 (Rs560). We stay underperform on Lupin, Dr. Reddy’s and NEUTRAL on Sun. We prefer Cipla and Cadila, with a lower base and a good pipeline. Structural concerns in US increase further Trigger for de-rating is FDA increasing approvals by >50% over next two years: We expect ANDA approvals to increase from 650 to 1,000 in the next two years. FDA activity level is already up 35% over CY15 and FDA has fulfilled its GDUFA commitment of reviewing 90% of the backlog. However, higher activity has not fully translated into higher approvals as Complete Response Letters (CRL) picked up due to multiple review cycle. Under GDUFA II, FDA aims to convert more CRLs into approvals. The backlog queue is still large at 4,000 ANDAs but the larger problem is very high influx of ANDA submissions. In fact with more new players entering the US, ANDA filings should further increase. Therefore, the least FDA can manage is not to increase the backlog and reach approvals at least equal to the filing rate of 1,000. If we exclude first time generic approvals of about 100 a year, this amounts to ANDA approvals increasing from 550 to 900, and we expect price erosion to increase from 7-8% to 10-12%. Price erosion could be non-linear with  increasing channel consolidation: Express Script has started participating in Walgreens consortium for generic sourcing. This implies that large buyers for generics are now down from four to three. In FY18, generic companies will get impacted from direct impact of following consolidations (i) Mckesson and Walmart (ii) Walgreens Rite-Aid merger (iii) Walgreens Prime and Walgreens OptumRx alliances (iv) Express Script sourcing through Walgreen. The direct impact of the channel consolidation is easier to understand. It’s the indirect impact which could be non-linear. Each time a consolidation takes place, it reduces the number of slots that generic players could fight for volume share. This benefits larger generic companies but unfortunately pricing is set by the marginal player for whom R&D and capex is a sunk cost and in the process the profitability of all manufacturers gets severely impacted.   No Comments. Don't Miss Sabzar Ahmad Bhat, Burhan Wani's successor in Hizbul Mujahideen killed by Army in Jammu and Kashmir's Tral Saharanpur LIVE updates: Rahul Gandhi on his way to riot-hit area, UP DGP says won't be given permission to enter Bill seeking H1B limits exemption for foreigners with US PhD introduced Narendra Modi-Nitish Kumar meet LIVE updates: Bihar CM arrives in Delhi, to have lunch with PM Presidential polls: Opposition still unclear on joint candidate, may persuade NCP chief Sharad Pawar PM Modi becomes most followed world leader on Facebook with 41.3 million followers 10 new PCR vans with NSG commandos deployed in Delhi after terror attack warnings; Here is all you need to know Sushma Swaraj discusses trade cooperation with Mauritius PM Pravind Jugnauth Rift in Delhi BJP chief Manoj Tiwari and Sports Minister Vijay Goel over control of slums in Capital: Reports WBBSE 10th result 2017: West Bengal Madhyamik Pariksha results declared; 5 things you should know Business Gallery Dhola-Sadiya bridge images: Indian Army’s powerful tanks can roll on it! All about India’s longest river bridge Sachin: A Billion Dreams: Indian cricket team attends screening, Virat Kohli, Yuvraj Singh, others have gala time; check pics Britain on high alert: UK raises threat level to maximum after terror attack; take a look PM Narendra Modi brings Narmada water to parched Kutch; here’s how Narendra Modi Gujarat visit: PM inaugurates projects at Kandla Port; see photos Technology Gallery SpaceX launches Inmarsat-5 F4 communications satellite successfully; here’s a look Meizu M5 smartphone launched in India priced at Rs 10,499; packs 3070mAh battery Secret US space plane lands in Florida after 2 years in orbit: 5 things you need to know PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours Hindi News राहुल गांधी सहारनपुर के लिए निकले, यूपी प्रशासन ने नहीं दी है इजाजत जम्मू-कश्मीर: भारतीय सेना ने नाकाम की घुसपैठ की कोशिश, मार गिराए छह आतंकी सोनिया के यहां लंच पर जुटे 17 पार्टियों के नेता, लालू ने अखिलेश को दी ऐसी सलाह कि वह मुस्‍कुरा कर रह गए Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
