Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us NEWS Brawl inside Baytown Walmart bank Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1962646" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Two women were caught on camera fighting inside a Walmart bank in Baytown. KTRK Saturday, May 06, 2017 10:40PM BAYTOWN, Texas (KTRK) -- It's not something you see every day -- two women slugging it out inside a Baytown bank branch. Shoppers in the Baytown Walmart Supercenter saw the fight unfold. Brandy Hamons recorded video of the fight between the two women and posted it online where it quickly spread. Hamons said she was checking out at the front of the store as the fighting happened in the Woodforest National Bank branch located inside. According to Hamons, a man and woman were heard arguing before the two women started fighting. It went on long enough for Hamons to get her phone out and start recording. Eyewitness News reached out to the bank and store management to find out whether the participants were employees or customers but they declined to comment. It's unclear what started the fight or if police were called. Hamons said one of the women left with a man after the fight. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: newsmust-see videofightwomenBaytown Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Houston cop relieved of duty after alleged intoxication arrest California murder suspect posts 8th highest bail in U.S. 'GOP Disaster'? House Republicans face voters angry over health care bill 2 found dead in Boston penthouse, suspect in custody More News Top Stories Houston cop relieved of duty after alleged intoxication arrest Toilets of the future, are here today Canton tornado victims struggle with emotional toll Voters await results of May municipal elections A royal affair at Houston's 24th Annual Cinco de Mayo Parade California murder suspect posts 8th highest bail in U.S. Take a trip back in time -- in style! Show More PHOTOS: 143rd Kentucky Derby Homeowner shoots at drive-by suspects, killing 2 UT Miss Black winner criticized for 'not being black enough' Einstein Bros. creates world's first caffeinated bagel Student gives Air Jordan Sneakers to bullied classmate More News Top Video Canton tornado victims struggle with emotional toll Houston cop relieved of duty after alleged intoxication arrest 'Elena of Avalor' shares secrets of her kingdom with ABC13 A royal affair at Houston's 24th Annual Cinco de Mayo Parade More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
Skip to main navigation Top Navigation SECTIONS News Arts Life Sports Opinion Obituaries Events Galleries Classified CapRegion Cars CapRegion Homes CapRegion Jobs Classified Place a Classified Ad Rentals Login Subscribe Home News Local State National/World Business Education Arts Theater & Dance Music Movies Books Galleries & Museums Life Food Health History Home Restaurants Sports Local High School College National Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Blogs & Columns Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Blogs & Columns Obituaries Events Galleries Classified Hide Advanced Search Narrow your search News Arts Life Sports Opinion All Date Range FROM TO   Subscriber login Enter your email address. Enter the password that accompanies your email address. Forgot Password? Leave this field blank Sunday, May 7, 2017 News What you need to know for 05/07/2017 First responders run for the hills and each other11:59 PMStudent shatters glass ceiling11:59 PMCaring for the community11:59 PMAlways Dreaming wins Kentucky Derby11:58 PMNational Grid rate hike plan embarks on tortuous review7:00 PM Retail is dying? Tell that to fast-food chains losing top talent Retail is dying? Tell that to fast-food chains losing top talent A move to retail from fast food can improve workers' lives Leslie Patton/Bloomberg | May 6, 2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL An employee hands a beverage to a customer at the drive-thru window of a McDonald's in Peru, Illinois, on July 20, 2015. Photographer: Daniel Acker/Bloomberg Customers cussed at him and threw ice cream at him. Finally, Don-Wesley Andrews had enough. He quit McDonald's in Sacramento, California, for a job at Wal-Mart. Like many other Americans, the 22-year-old Andrews improved his life just by moving to retail from fast food. Longer lunch break, paid time off, even a quarterly bonus -- and no french fry fragrance clinging to his clothes. "Wal-Mart's not perfect, but compared to fast food, it's much, much, much better," Andrews said. There's plenty of talk about the retail industry dying, with malls closing and the slump stressing iconic chains like Sears and J. Crew, but healthier big-box giants such as Wal-Mart and Costco are still chronically in need of employees, at least for now. The number of U.S. retail jobs was about the same last year compared with 2015, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. What's really bedeviling retailers is annual turnover -- at 65 percent, it's the highest since before the Great Recession -- making it necessary to keep hiring. The chains are so hungry for good help they're poaching workers from fast-food restaurants. "Those jobs tend to be more transitional, they tend to be more fluid, and as a result there tends to be higher turnover," said Michael Harms of Dallas-based researcher TDn2K. "Even though you hear headlines like retail is dying and the robots are coming, there's still a lot of things that need human touch points. It's a dogfight over good employees." When it comes to pay, stores have the edge. U.S. retail sales workers earn a median $10.37 an hour, while food workers, including those at fast food, make $9.35, according to new data from the BLS. Andrews said he earns $12.12 an hour at his new job. Perhaps not coincidentally, Wal-Mart, the largest U.S. private employer, added about 200,000 American jobs over the last decade. Italian fast-casual chain Fazoli's is trying to fend off retail, according to Dave Craig, vice president of human resources. "It's a free-for-all right now," Craig said. While the company is paying 20 cents to 30 cents more than last year, its employees still make $9.20 an hour, on average. That's less than the minimum of $10 an hour Wal-Mart started giving people last year. A baker carries trays at a Costco store in Naperville, Illinois, on May 23, 2016. (Daniel Acker/Bloomberg) Fazoli's is trying to retain employees. The chain might nix cotton T-shirt uniforms for a Dri-Fit option that employees don't have to tuck in. Black jeans, instead of slacks, are a possibility, too. And workers may get paid more often -- the company is testing a program that gives employees some of their earnings at the end of each shift in a debit card. Boston Market Corp. is buttering up employees, too. It's handing out as much as $100 to those who get the best customer-survey scores. The chicken chain is spending more to advertise jobs on Facebook, Glassdoor and Twitter and is giving raises. Workers now earn $10.01 an hour, on average -- about 75 cents more than last year. Pay increases in fast food are fueled by more than just the competition from retail. Higher minimum wages across the U.S., a better economy and a smaller labor pool to draw from -- due to fewer immigrants from Mexico -- also have an impact. "You have big distribution centers, you have retailers, you have other restaurant concepts, you have grocery stores, and they're all looking for great people," said Jason Lessman, the chain's vice president of human resources. "It's just as tough as I've seen it in my 12 years of doing recruiting. It's definitely a war for talent." In 2014, Starbucks upended its workers' dress code to include looser rules for tattoos, along with colored ties and scarves and black denim. It further loosened the rules last year inviting employees to "make a statement with hair color." McDonald's said last month it was upgrading its uniforms in the U.S. to be more modern and comfortable -- an effort to retain workers. "You're going to see the labor market further tighten," Chief Executive Officer Steve Easterbrook said in an April earnings call. At the same time, the domestic dining industry is struggling. March same-store sales dropped 0.6 percent, marking the fourth-straight month of declines, according to data from researcher MillerPulse. Profit is being hurt by the extra costs to attract and keep staff to flip burgers, assemble sandwiches and bake pizzas. That's definitely the case in Sacramento, where many of Andrews' Wal-Mart colleagues used to serve burritos and chalupas. "There was this joke that they literally stole half the Taco Bell crew," he said. "There's a lot of people that used to do fast food that made their way to the retail side." View Comments Hide Comments Related Content In turnabout, Indian outsourcing company promises U.S. jobs SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Premium Content National Grid rate hike plan embarks on tortuous review 7:00 PM Could someone please start a local ride-hailing app? 5:59 PM Purcell back in NCAAs, this time with his Saint Rose team 3:22 PM The task: 'Gentling' a wild mustang 4:30 AM Stay up-to-date with the Daily Gazette's PM Edition The latest news delivered directly to your inbox every day at 2 p.m. Email Address Most read in News Father, son charged in Rotterdam bar fight Police arrest 3 in separate incidents at Rivers Casino Landmark independent hardware store closes down Sister Maria honored for 50 years of service Officials meeting to end 'Log Bay Day' The locally owned voice of the capital region Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Plus Pintrest RSS The Daily Gazette Co. 2345 Maxon Rd Ext. PO Box 1090 Schenectady, NY 12301 Get Directions (518) 374-4141 © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service Learn more about the Daily Gazette Advertise with the Daily Gazette Services Contact Us Activate Online Access Missed Delivery Vacation Stop FAQ Advertise Careers Place a classified ad E-Edition Subscribe Quick Links Ask a Doc Fun & Games Area Legislators Places of Worship Closings Weather TV Listings All Blogs & Columns Submit a Letter Buy Photos Other Publications & Events 50+ Living Expo Your Niskayuna Your Clifton Park CapRegion Pets Footer menu © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service You have 0 articles 1 articles 2 articles 3 articles 4 articles 5 articles 6 articles 7 articles remaining of Daily Gazette free premium content. You have reached your monthly premium content limit. Continue to enjoy Daily Gazette premium content by becoming a subscriber. Start here Already a subscriber? Log In
Liliputing LPX Show Mini PCs Reviews Deals Shop About Contact us Advertise on Liliputing About Liliputing Privacy Statement $20 Android phones may be the cheapest iPod touch alternatives available 05/06/2017 at 8:00 AM by Brad Linder 9 Comments Smartphones have largely replaced portable media players for most people. It’s been a few years since Apple bothered to update its iPod touch, and it’s been even longer since I’ve seen any other company try to offer a good Android-powered alternative to Apple’s touchscreen media player. Sometimes it can be useful to have a device that doesn’t make phone calls, send text messages, or do anything else that requires paying a monthly fee. Sure, you could pay $199 or more for an iPod touch. But you could also just buy a cheap Android phone… and then not activate it. That option could save you as much as $180, because Walmart and Best Buy are each selling surprisingly decent Android phones for as little as $20. Left: Alcatel Pixi 4 / Right: ZTE Midnight Pro 4G LTE Walmart Family Mobile Alcatel Pixi 4 Walmart sells this for just $19.88. It features a 4.5 inch, 854 x 480 pixel display, 1GB of RAM, 8GB of storage, a microSD card slot, front and rear cameras, a Qualcomm Snapdragon 210 processor, a 1890 mAh (6.76 Wh) battery, and Android 6.0 software. It’s not going to win any speed awards, but it’s more than capable of functioning as a small, cheap media player, web browser, or handheld device for casual games. I actually picked one up recently, and it suffers from limited screen viewing angles and the audio quality from the headphone jack isn’t superb, but it’s certainly acceptable for a $20 device. Best of all, if you disable WiFi and enable Android’s battery saver mode, you can get stellar battery life. After playing music for more than 5 hours with the screen on, the Pixi 4 was reporting that it still had 63 percent of its battery capacity left to burn through. Oh, and the battery is user replaceable, something that’s not true of many phones that are significantly more expensive. So what’s the catch? This phone is locked to Walmart’s Family Mobile service. So if you do plan to use this $20 Pixi 4 smartphone as, well, a phone… then your only choice is to use it with Walmart’s pre-paid wireless network (with plans starting at $25 per month). The $20 price is also technically a discount. The phone has a list price of $40, and other stores are selling similar Alcatel smartphones for even more. So you may not always be able to pick up a Pixi 4 for this price. At $20, it’s a steal. But I’m not sure I’d recommend this phone for $60 or more when there are significantly better phones available in that price range. ZTE Midnight Pro 4G LTE  Best Buy sells this 5 inch smartphone for just $19.99. Like the Walmart Pixi 4, the ZTE Midnight Pro 4G LTE is locked to a budget wireless carrier. In this case, the phone is designed for use with Simple Mobile, a pre-paid carrier with plans that start at $26 per month. But like the Pixi 4, this is a phone you should be able to use without activating the cellular service. The ZTE Midnight Pro 4G LTE has a Snapdragon 210 processor, 1GB of RAM, 8GB of storage, an 854 x 480 pixel display, a microSDHC card reader, and a 2,300 mAh battery. It’s a little larger than the Alcatel phone, but has a bigger battery. On the down side, the ZTE phone ships with Android 5.1, which is an older version of Google’s mobile operating system. I wouldn’t really expect either phone to get any major software updates. Both phones include the Play Store These phones both support Google Mobile Services, and come with the Google Play Store pre-installed. That means you have access to millions of Android apps out-of-the box. If you’d prefer not to login with a Google account or use the Play Store, you could also set up the phones with a third-party app store like F-Droid. That way if you lose the phone while out on a run, you don’t have to worry about someone gaining access to your personal data. Or you could give the phone to a kid without worrying that they’ll start purchasing paid apps without your permission. A few other notes I haven’t personally used the ZTE Midnight Pro 4G LTE yet, so I can’t say how it compares with the Pixi 4 in terms of audio quality, screen viewing angles, or battery life. But there is one thing the Midnight Pro has going for it: Best Buy’s website allows you to buy as many as 5 phones, while Walmart will only let you purchase 2 Pixi 4 phones. The reason I know that is because, as I mentioned recently, I’ve been in the market for some cheap MP3 players to use as part of an upcoming multimedia exhibit in Philadelphia. While I really like the super-cheap Simplicity Fashion Pocket MP3 Player, it doesn’t have a display. And ultimately we decided a portable music player with a screen would be preferable. After looking for a good portable media player in the $20-or-less price range, I ultimately realized that a cheap phone would be the best option since it would have a larger, easier-to-read display and the ability to run a variety of apps. It’s also more likely that I’ll be able to find a use for these phones after the exhibit closes. Look, I’m not saying these are good phones, or even particularly good portable media players. But they meet my needs at the moment, and they’re way more versatile than any $20 device really has a right to be… probably because they’ve got more than $20 worth of hardware under the hood. A big part of the reason they’re sold this cheap is because Walmart, Best Buy, and Simple Mobile expect you to sign up for cellular service. But you don’t have to. I’ll update this post with some notes about the ZTE phone after I’ve had a chance to test one.   Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Email Leave a Reply 9 Comments on "$20 Android phones may be the cheapest iPod touch alternatives available" Login with Notify of new follow-up comments new replies to my comments Notify of new replies to this comment Notify of new replies to this comment Sort by:   newest | oldest | most voted Guest 12John34 Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Or you could use your old media player/smartphone. In any case smartphones send too many devices to the trash can. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 17 hours 41 minutes ago Member buzz86us Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. agreed i keep mine alive with FreedomPop really nice to have a device to send a few texts or a phone you just plain don’t care about when you go through a bad neighborhood Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 17 hours 7 minutes ago Guest DOGMASTER237 Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. So i brought one of thses when i saw it was on sale for a new youtube series im working on. I got the midnight pro one now im seeing bestbuy dosent sell it anymore. I wad verry impressed with it (keep in mind i have a samsung galaxy s8+) and iphone 7. I stumbled upon this artical while trying to find a reason why its not sold by bestbuy anymore Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 16 hours 51 minutes ago Guest DOGMASTER237 Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Sorry about the spelling mistakes still getting use to this keyboard Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 16 hours 50 minutes ago Member Dustin Andrews Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Just doing a search on Walmart, there are lots of sub-$30 Android phones available without contract. Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 16 hours 28 minutes ago Member Logik Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Android 6 allows use of Google Assistant to voice control home automation systems. Pretty nifty. I didn’t know there was a $20 Android 6 phone – thanks. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 16 hours 11 minutes ago Guest Captain Ken Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. I am amazed at the fact that even prepaid phones are now subsidized in order to sell below the cost to manufacture. A couple of Christmas’s ago, I purchased three Samsung Ace Style Net10 handsets for $4.99 each at Kroger. My kids like using theirs for music and games, but I use mine in the office as a Google Music streamer connected to a nice Bluetooth speaker. Even better, if you get a free Google Voice number and install Google Hangouts, you have unlimited voice, text & data anywhere you can connect to WiFi, which in urban areas is almost everywhere. Vote Up1Vote Down  Reply 15 hours 20 minutes ago Guest rabs Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. Since nearly one year, my main phone is a Pixi 4 with 4″ display for 60€ unlocked. I like the reasonable form-factor and pixel density, Android 6 and dual SIM. I hope to get a better device on those points: better touch and screen technology (but no crazy high PPI please, waste of resources), slightly better camera, a GPS chip. Also 8GB of flash would be nice. I connect online on a small plan from time to time, so I had to remove some default uninstallable services like Facebook or “user care center”, though. No “standard” rooting method was available at that time, but MTK dev tool leaked in some way (this would be awesome if officially released…). There is a pre-boot that let us access the whole flash “offline”, so I dumped and customized the OS without needing root. Very happy with this device, overall. Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 14 hours 10 minutes ago Member MrJazz Share On TwitterShare On Google Click to flag and open «Comment Reporting» form. You can choose reporting category and send message to website administrator. Admins may or may not choose to remove the comment or block the author. And please don't worry, your report will be anonymous. I’m thinking you could even use them as cheap cameras for kids! Vote Up0Vote Down  Reply 8 hours 34 minutes ago Latest News $20 Android phones may be the cheapest iPod touch alternatives available Smartphones have largely replaced portable media players for most people. It's … [Read More...] Lenovo IdeaPad 720S 14″ laptop with slim-bezels, NVIDIA graphics leaks The Lenovo IdeaPad 720S is a 3.5 pound laptop that's about the size of a small … [Read More...] Asus introduces 11.6 inch Apollo Lake laptop (VivoBook E12) Asus launched its first laptops with Intel Apollo Lake processors in late 2016. … [Read More...] Deals Deals of the Day (5-05-2017) In the market for a cheap eReader, and don't want to spend $80 ore more on an … [Read More...] Featured articles Differences between Windows 10 S, Home, Pro, Enterprise, and Education This week Microsoft introduced a new version of Windows 10 which is designed for … [Read More...] Acer’s 2017 mid-year product lineup: New tablets, notebooks, and a 360-degree camera that makes phone calls Acer is unveiling its back-to-school product lineup at an event in New York City … [Read More...] This might be the best MP3 player you can get for $1.50 Need a cheap MP3 player? It doesn't get much cheaper than the Simplicity Fashion … [Read More...] Latest news from the LPX Show LPX Episode 14: Adapted (Kaomi Goetz on Korean international adoptees returning to Korea) LPX Episode 13: Someone is wrong on the internet! (Snopes editor Brooke Binkowski on fake news & real journalism) LPX Episode 12: Superbook turns your smartphone into a laptop Subscribe to the LPX Show Subscribe at LPXShow.com Disclosure: Some links on this page are monetized by Skimlinks and Amazon's and eBay's affiliate programs. Copyright © 2017 Liliputing · Go to top of page Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. You are going to send email to Send Move Comment Move
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES E3     Nintendo Switch Stock Updates On May 6 Posted: May 6 2017, 9:04am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     The latest Nintendo Switch stock tracking information for online and in stores for Saturday May 6th. A week ago, the Nintendo Switch got restocked for the Mario Kart 8 launch. On Friday the Nintendo Switch was on sale online at Walmart.com for $369 in an affordable bundle.  Don't Miss: Find Rare Products in Stock Online with The Tracker Nintendo believes the Nintendo Switch will be as big as the extremely successful Nintendo Wii. Looking at the current shortage, the Japanese video game maker has a long road ahead of them to ship 101 million Nintendo Switch consoles. Nintendo Availability Status On May 6, 2017 the Nintendo Switch is a not available online, but has been available as part of a $369.84 Nintendo Switch bundle at walmart.com on May 5. The Walmart Switch bundle offer sold out quickly. Rumors say that Walmart is offering this Switch bundle every Friday at 5pm ET. The $500 Nintendo Switch bundle at ToysRUs.com on was available this morning for a short time. These Switch bundles are not very popular, but the fact that ToysRUs offered the Switch online is an indicator that new shipments arrive.  The Nintendo Switch will continue to be hard to find for the foreseeable future. Nintendo plans to ship 10 million consoles world-wide in the time from April 2017 to April 2018. From the launch on Mach 3 to April 27, the Mario company sold 2.74 million Switch consoles. Online stores restocked the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con in time for the launch of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe on April 28. Since then the Switch console was out of stock online, besides the TRU bundle offer, according to data from The Tracker. The Nintendo Switch reseller markups keep steady and range today between $87 to $100 for the Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and $99 to $130 for the Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con on amazon.com. The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con is more rare than the console with Gray controllers, resulting in considerable higher market value.  To find Nintendo Switch in stock online, shoppers can use the new The Tracker app, available as free download for iOS and Android. There are also several new accessories coming on the market from Nintendo in the next weeks. See the full list of new Nintendo Switch accessories. The Nintendo Switch is available in 693 Walmart stores, 248 Target stores, 25 GameStop locations and 6 Fry's stores according to the Nintendo Switch inventory tracker iStockNow (5:00am ET). The number of stores flagged to have stock declined slightly compared to May 4.  When is Nintendo Switch in stock online again? Nintendo is ramping up the production for the Nintendo Switch, but has not disclosed what the current production capacity per month is. The demand for the Nintendo Switch will spike during the Holiday Shopping season 2017. Nintendo will set aside a large part of the Switch production during the next months for November and December. This stock piling will keep the Nintendo Switch in short supply during the next 5 months. As Nintendo coordinated new Switch console shipment with the launch of Mario Kart 8, we expect the company to do the same for the next major Switch game launches. This means the next big wave of new Switch consoles comes in mid-June for the release of ARMS. The Nintendo Switch will likely be offered in special bundles in time for the Holidays. A Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Switch bundle has already surfaced in Russia. Because of the incredible demand for the Switch console, the monetary savings on these bundles will be limited. Usually bundles offer a way for consumers to get a free game. Nintendo can afford to just offer some savings, unless the demand is slowing down. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. How to find a Nintendo Switch in Stock Online We developed the The Tracker app to make finding stock of rare products online as easy and stress free as possible. Download the free app for Apple iPhone or Android phones. From the list products you select to be notified for the Switch with Grey Joy-Con and/or Neon Joy-Con. That is it. It is set and forget. At the moment we detect the Nintendo Switch console in stock at major online retailers, you receive a notification on your smartphone. Now you are just a tap away from buying a Nintendo Switch. You can also see the current availability of the Nintendo Switch consoles in the web version of The Tracker: Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con, Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con. Updated: 2017-05-06 04:25:02am Offers Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Best Buy Price: $299.99 Availability: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Walmart Price: $529 Availability: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Amazon Price: $401.99 Availability: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Target Price: $299.99 Availability: Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con Store: Gamestop Price: $299.99 Availability: Browse all current Offers This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Walmart to Rival Amazon Dash With New IoT Platform 13 hours ago, 11:20am CDT This Smart Pillow Has Everything You Need to Get Your Best Sleep 19 hours ago, 5:38am CDT Facebook Plans to Debut its Very Own TV Shows Next Month 20 hours ago, 4:49am CDT Amazon Echo Knight with Touchscreen Leaks 1 day ago, 11:59am CDT NASA Receives Proposals for Next Solar System Mission 2 hours ago Tesla's Latest Autopilot Update Removes Autosteer Restrictions in New Cars 11 hours ago, 1:40pm CDT Amazon Video App Coming to Apple TV: Facts to Know 11 hours ago, 1:11pm CDT Chevrolet Corvette Now Available at 10 Percent Discount 11 hours ago, 1:07pm CDT 2018 Renault Sport Megane Images Leaked Online 11 hours ago, 1:01pm CDT New Video Shows Cassini Spacecraft’s First Dive Over Saturn 11 hours ago, 1:01pm CDT New Land Rover Range Rover Evoque Spied 13 hours ago, 11:49am CDT Experts Claim to have Found Christopher Columbus’ Anchor 17 hours ago, 7:20am CDT Tesla Model 3 Reservations are Increasing Every Week 17 hours ago, 7:19am CDT Tesla Model S Spotted With Double Steering Wheels 18 hours ago, 6:20am CDT Toyota Land Cruiser Becomes World's Fastest SUV by Hitting 230 MPH 20 hours ago, 3:55am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News The Tracker App by I4U News App Finds Rare Products in Stock Online iMac Pro is in the Works   The Best Gadgets of 2017 Nintendo Switch to Match Nintendo Wii Success says Nintendo President Technology News Walmart to Rival Amazon Dash With New IoT Platform 13 hours ago, 11:20am CDT This Smart Pillow Has Everything You Need to Get Your Best Sleep 19 hours ago, 5:38am CDT Facebook Plans to Debut its Very Own TV Shows Next Month 20 hours ago, 4:49am CDT Amazon Echo Knight with Touchscreen Leaks 1 day ago, 11:59am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News NASA Receives Proposals for Next Solar System Mission 2 hours ago Tesla's Latest Autopilot Update Removes Autosteer Restrictions in New Cars 11 hours ago, 1:40pm CDT Amazon Video App Coming to Apple TV: Facts to Know 11 hours ago, 1:11pm CDT Chevrolet Corvette Now Available at 10 Percent Discount 11 hours ago, 1:07pm CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES E3     Walmart To Rival Amazon Dash With New IoT Platform Posted: May 6 2017, 11:20am CDT | by Sumayah Aamir, in News | Technology News   Getty Images Walmart’s Latest Internet of Things Patent Application may Prove to be a Tough Rival of Amazon Dash   It so happens to be the case that Walmart’s latest Internet of Things patent application may prove to be a tough rival of Amazon Dash A Walmart patent application for IoT is one of the novel “in” things on the scene. According to CBInsights, this patent is meant to keep score of the way items are consumed in user’s homes. Re-orders are made when the products are finished. Walmart has made over 800 or more patent applications over the past couple of years.  Don't Miss: Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con in Stock Online The Internet of Things (IoT) is what this trend is all about. Most of Walmart’s patents deal with e-commerce operations. This one reaches shoppers’ residences. This setup is a reminder of what Amazon Dash works like. The latter uses buttons to allow consumers to place re-orders when the products are used up in their homes. Amazon Dash was launched two years ago and it includes 300 products in its repertoire by now. Yet Walmart’s setup has engaged in a sort of oneupmanship regarding Amazon Dash. Walmart’s deals are a cinch in comparison to Amazon Dash which was somewhat cumbersome and lumbersome.  The patent used a complex set of procedures imbedded in the latest technology to make its consumers satisfied and happy. Some of the consumer data that will be gathered by Walmart will be valuable for it in the final analysis. According to Reuters, the rival service churned out by Walmart includes the IoT which makes it far superior to Amazon. User feedback is reduced to a bare minimum and the whole process has been made automatic. Walmart’s sensors in this service will allow for the ordering of stuff in a jiffy. According to The Verge, the goal is to get as many necessities (and luxuries) into the homes of consumers as is possible.  Radio frequencies, Bluetooth, barcodes and RFID tags figure somewhere in the mix. Walmart lays out an array of alternatives before the consumers. Walmart is looking into this Amazon Dash substitute with keen interest.  According to Engadget, some took the Amazon Dash button system to be a move towards an extremely sedentary society. It was like you had to make no effort whatsoever. Even going to the nearest superstore to buy groceries was a task and everyone could just order the items via the IoT. This was originally taken as a joke. Yet it was no joke. Amazon Dash was serious about it two years back and so is Walmart in the current scenario. The two companies will be neck to neck in the race to catch the consumers’ interest. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Sumayah Aamir Sumayah Aamir (Google+) has deep experience in analyzing the latest trends.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch Stock Updates on May 6 16 hours ago, 9:04am CDT This Smart Pillow Has Everything You Need to Get Your Best Sleep 19 hours ago, 5:38am CDT Facebook Plans to Debut its Very Own TV Shows Next Month 20 hours ago, 4:49am CDT Amazon Echo Knight with Touchscreen Leaks 1 day ago, 11:59am CDT NASA Receives Proposals for Next Solar System Mission 3 hours ago Tesla's Latest Autopilot Update Removes Autosteer Restrictions in New Cars 11 hours ago, 1:40pm CDT Amazon Video App Coming to Apple TV: Facts to Know 12 hours ago, 1:11pm CDT Chevrolet Corvette Now Available at 10 Percent Discount 12 hours ago, 1:07pm CDT 2018 Renault Sport Megane Images Leaked Online 12 hours ago, 1:01pm CDT New Video Shows Cassini Spacecraft’s First Dive Over Saturn 12 hours ago, 1:01pm CDT New Land Rover Range Rover Evoque Spied 13 hours ago, 11:49am CDT Experts Claim to have Found Christopher Columbus’ Anchor 18 hours ago, 7:20am CDT Tesla Model 3 Reservations are Increasing Every Week 18 hours ago, 7:19am CDT Tesla Model S Spotted With Double Steering Wheels 19 hours ago, 6:20am CDT Toyota Land Cruiser Becomes World's Fastest SUV by Hitting 230 MPH 21 hours ago, 3:55am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News The Tracker App by I4U News App Finds Rare Products in Stock Online iMac Pro is in the Works   The Best Gadgets of 2017 Nintendo Switch to Match Nintendo Wii Success says Nintendo President Technology News Nintendo Switch Stock Updates on May 6 16 hours ago, 9:04am CDT This Smart Pillow Has Everything You Need to Get Your Best Sleep 19 hours ago, 5:38am CDT Facebook Plans to Debut its Very Own TV Shows Next Month 20 hours ago, 4:49am CDT Amazon Echo Knight with Touchscreen Leaks 1 day ago, 11:59am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News NASA Receives Proposals for Next Solar System Mission 3 hours ago Tesla's Latest Autopilot Update Removes Autosteer Restrictions in New Cars 11 hours ago, 1:40pm CDT Amazon Video App Coming to Apple TV: Facts to Know 12 hours ago, 1:11pm CDT Chevrolet Corvette Now Available at 10 Percent Discount 12 hours ago, 1:07pm CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for ajc.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your AJC.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your AJC.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on AJC.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Our Products Your AJC, your way. Explore these products from The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. AJC.com Get Atlanta's News Now AJC access ATL Find Fun Things to Do myAJC Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More AJC ePaper Read Today's Paper AJC Jobs Contact Us 56 0 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 56 0 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home NEWS close subnav open subnav All News Local News Obituaries News Video Education Business Politics Technology Nation & World Crime & Safety Offbeat Atlanta Weather Atlanta Pollen Count NEWS BLOGS AJC Investigations Political Insider Get Schooled IN THE NEWS Atlanta Watering Restrictions Traffic: Construction Alert Ga. Public School Ratings Atlanta Gas Prices SPORTS close subnav open subnav All Sports Braves Falcons Hawks Atlanta United High Schools Georgia Tech Georgia Colleges UGA / DawgNation SEC Country Sports Video AJC Peachtree Road Race BUY STUFF AJC Store SPORTS BLOGS Recruiting Falcons Hawks IN THE NEWS Sports Scores Golf NASCAR NEIGHBORHOOD close subnav open subnav All Neighborhood Newcomer's Guide Buckhead Decatur Buford Peachtree City Gwinnett County Intown Atlanta Marietta Roswell Sandy Springs Smyrna COUNTY NEWS Clayton County Cobb County DeKalb County Gwinnett County IN THE NEWS Living Northside Living Intown LIFE close subnav open subnav All Life Celebrities Home & Garden Weddings & Celebrations Health Travel Parenting Movies & TV Home Design Ideas Arts & Culture Food & Drink Music FIND IT My Atlanta Atlanta Events Atlanta Restaurants Atlanta Shopping IN THE NEWS Spring in Atlanta Games AJC Peachtree Road Race THINGS TO DO close subnav open subnav All Things to Do Spring in Atlanta Events in Atlanta My Atlanta Arts & Culture Movie Showtimes Radio & TV Food & Drink Music Shopping Games Blogs Atlanta Restaurants Music Scene Arts & Culture In the News Upcoming Movies Living Intown: BeltLine Horoscopes MORE close subnav open subnav Newsletters Customer Care Contact the AJC Shopping Games Obituaries Homefinder AJC Jobs AJC Cars Kudzu Celebrating Nurses AJC Cup AJC ePaper  Today's Buzz Buzz Blog Radio & TV Talk News to Me Inside AJC Movie Theaters Atlanta's Top Workplaces Find a Garage Sale AJC Store close subnav open subnav Storefront 56 Atlanta, GA  30303 0 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Shortcuts AJC Store Homefinder Atlanta Jobs Find A Car Classifieds Obituaries Family-placed Notices Contact Us/Subscribe Customer Care Advertise With Us Digital Products Your AJC, your way. Explore these products from The Atlanta Journal-Constitution. AJC Access Atlanta myAJC my account Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Retail is dying? Tell that to fast-food chains losing top talent 0 Retail is dying? Tell that to fast-food chains losing top talent 0 Leslie Patton The Washington Post 3:10 a.m. Saturday, May 6, 2017 Atlanta Jobs: Find a Job / Post a Job 0 Jobs View CaptionHide Caption Bloomberg An employee hands a beverage to a customer at the drive-thru window of a McDonald's in Peru, Illinois, on July 20, 2015. MUST CREDIT: Bloomberg photo by Daniel Acker. Customers cussed at him and threw ice cream at him. Finally, Don-Wesley Andrews had enough. He quit McDonald's in Sacramento, California, for a job at Wal-Mart.  Like many other Americans, the 22-year-old Andrews improved his life just by moving to retail from fast food. Longer lunch break, paid time off, even a quarterly bonus - and no french fry fragrance clinging to his clothes. "Wal-Mart's not perfect, but compared to fast food, it's much, much, much better," Andrews said. »RELATED: These major retailers are expected to close nearly 3,000 stores this year There's plenty of talk about the retail industry dying, with malls closing and the slump stressing iconic chains like Sears and J. Crew, but healthier big-box giants such as Wal-Mart and Costco are still chronically in need of employees, at least for now. The number of U.S. retail jobs was about the same last year compared with 2015, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. What's really bedeviling retailers is annual turnover -- at 65 percent, it's the highest since before the Great Recession -- making it necessary to keep hiring. The chains are so hungry for good help they're poaching workers from fast-food restaurants. "Those jobs tend to be more transitional, they tend to be more fluid, and as a result there tends to be higher turnover," said Michael Harms of Dallas-based researcher TDn2K. "Even though you hear headlines like retail is dying and the robots are coming, there's still a lot of things that need human touch points. It's a dogfight over good employees." When it comes to pay, stores have the edge. U.S. retail sales workers earn a median $10.37 an hour, while food workers, including those at fast food, make $9.35, according to new data from the BLS.  Andrews said he earns $12.12 an hour at his new job. Perhaps not coincidentally, Wal-Mart, the largest U.S. private employer, added about 200,000 American jobs over the last decade. Italian fast-casual chain Fazoli's is trying to fend off retail, according to Dave Craig, vice president of human resources. "It's a free-for-all right now," Craig said. »RELATED: These are (nearly) all the metro Atlanta restaurants that closed in 2016 While the company is paying 20 cents to 30 cents more than last year, its employees still make $9.20 an hour, on average. That's less than the minimum of $10 an hour Wal-Mart started giving people last year. Fazoli's is trying to retain employees. The chain might nix cotton T-shirt uniforms for a Dri-Fit option that employees don't have to tuck in. Black jeans, instead of slacks, are a possibility, too. And workers may get paid more often -- the company is testing a program that gives employees some of their earnings at the end of each shift in a debit card. Boston Market Corp. is buttering up employees, too. It's handing out as much as $100 to those who get the best customer-survey scores. The chicken chain is spending more to advertise jobs on Facebook, Glassdoor and Twitter and is giving raises. Workers now earn $10.01 an hour, on average -- about 75 cents more than last year. Pay increases in fast food are fueled by more than just the competition from retail. Higher minimum wages across the U.S., a better economy and a smaller labor pool to draw from -- due to fewer immigrants from Mexico -- also have an impact. "You have big distribution centers, you have retailers, you have other restaurant concepts, you have grocery stores, and they're all looking for great people," said Jason Lessman, the chain's vice president of human resources. "It's just as tough as I've seen it in my 12 years of doing recruiting. It's definitely a war for talent." In 2014, Starbucks upended its workers' dress code to include looser rules for tattoos, along with colored ties and scarves and black denim. It further loosened the rules last year inviting employees to "make a statement with hair color." McDonald's said last month it was upgrading its uniforms in the U.S. to be more modern and comfortable -- an effort to retain workers. »RELATED: This retailer plans to turn 50 locations into outlet stores "You're going to see the labor market further tighten," Chief Executive Officer Steve Easterbrook said in an April earnings call. At the same time, the domestic dining industry is struggling. March same-store sales dropped 0.6 percent, marking the fourth-straight month of declines, according to data from researcher MillerPulse. Profit is being hurt by the extra costs to attract and keep staff to flip burgers, assemble sandwiches and bake pizzas. That's definitely the case in Sacramento, where many of Andrews' Wal-Mart colleagues used to serve burritos and chalupas. "There was this joke that they literally stole half the Taco Bell crew," he said. "There's a lot of people that used to do fast food that made their way to the retail side." Related ABC reportedly inks deal to bring back ‘American Idol’ Former Oregon football player escapes jail, caught while overdosing on drugs How to get a job at Zoo Atlanta this summer Retail is dying? Tell that to fast-food chains losing top talent Crayola needs help naming its new color These are the best places to work for new dads Contributors: (c) 2017, Bloomberg View Comments 0 Sign up for e-newsletters Want more news? Sign up for free e-newsletters to get more of AJC delivered to your inbox. Most Read Dr. Karin Luise, Chipper Jones’ first wife, speaks out regarding his book | Atlanta Buzz with Jennif In conversation: Jimmy Carter and Bernie Sanders Woman shot, killed in meeting to buy cellphone in DeKalb Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 56 30303 0 Most Read Dr. Karin Luise, Chipper Jones’ first wife, speaks out regarding his book | Atlanta Buzz with Jennif In conversation: Jimmy Carter and Bernie Sanders Woman shot, killed in meeting to buy cellphone in DeKalb Things To Do Add Event + See More Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index | Visitor Agreement | Privacy Policy | Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Close Sections news sports life neighborhoods shop things to do Shortcuts ajc obituaries family-placed notices classifieds homefinder atlanta jobs find your car manage your profile contact us customer care advertise with us digital products Partners find & save coupons kudzu savings.com valpak myajc Fun game center Member Center sign in manage your profile Utilities archives weather traffic sitemap Follow Us facebook twitter instagram youtube pinterest PRODUCTS From The Atlanta Journal-Constitution AJC.com - Get Atlanta's News Now AJC Access Atlanta - Find Fun Things to Do myAJC - Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More AJC ePaper - Read Today's Paper Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Central Texas woman confronted at Walmart for breastfeeding - KTRE.com | Lufkin and Nacogdoches, Texas Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME East Texas Kitchen See It, Snap It, Send It Only on KTRE 9 News Text and email alerts KTRE 9 To Go mobile app FirstAlert KTRE 9 Weather mobile app Video Our Thoughts on the Matter Arcade BFF: Best Furry Friends News Investigates Texas Headlines National International Only on KTRE 9 News Terrorism around the world SeeClickFix The Loop Weather Live Streaming Radar KTRE First Alert ThunderCall KTRE Weather Tools TxDOT Current Road Conditions Current Texas Burn Bans Sunrise and Sunset Times Texas Road Conditions Texas Lake Levels Moon Phase Calendar Sports ESPN sources: Cowboys to release Romo on Thursday Romo releases message to fans amid uncertainty SFA's Late Push Not Enough to Overcome Islanders' Hot Start in 77-69 SLC Tourney Semifinal Loss East Texan Kevin Aguilar could soon get a shot in the UFC Sports WebXtra: Nacogdoches native Clint Dempsey back on U.S. national team East Texas baseball coaches stand behind UIL pitch count rule Sources: Josh McCown meeting with New York Jets Bi-District Playoff Results West squads sweep Azalea Orthopedic All-Star games Press Release: Cowboys officially release Tony Romo Saturday Results: Three East Texas teams advance to state Cowboys 2017 schedule released Zach Conque Signs Free Agent Contract with Houston Texans Area Round Results - ETX softball teams advancing in playoffs Bi-District Results - ETX baseball teams advancing in playoffs Red Zone Faces Red Zone Scores and Schedules Red Zone Access Video Investigates Texas on pace to set record for investigations into relationships between students and teachers Document dates ex-Zavalla coach's behavior to 2010 Woden ISD incident Documents: State began investigating ex Zavalla coach in July Win Stuff Catch of the Week Brad Said It Would Umbrella Giveaway In The Kitchen Apron Giveaway Coffee Mug Giveaway Good Morning East Texas Birthday Club TV Community Noticias ETX About Us East Texas News Team Contact KTRE Advertise on KTRE Digital Sales KTRE Jobs TV Ratings Guide Closed captioning EEO Summary Reports Central Texas woman confronted at Walmart for breastfeeding 2017-05-04T22:20:36Z2017-05-06T03:51:56Z By Hunter Davis, Reporter Email Connect hdavis@kxxv.com Source: KXXV KILLEEN, TX (KXXV) - One Central Texas woman took to Facebook to express her thoughts after being embarrassed in a Killeen Walmart. Heather Shannon said she was at Walmart on Lowe's Boulevard in Killeen when she was confronted by a sales associate about breastfeeding her baby. She posted this on Facebook after the experience: "I just thought I would share for any other breastfeeding mommies that apparently some manager at the Walmart in Killeen has a 'policy' to use a cover while breastfeeding or you'll be asked to leave. I was told this by an employee while checking out and I tried to explain that I can legally breastfeed in public, that Texas has laws saying I can and no where does it say you have to use a cover. She just said "well for next time you know" because the manager doesn't allow it. I try to be discreet without using a cover because my daughter is 9 months old and pulls them off but it was really embarrassing having this lady confront me in front of strangers so I just walked out... " News Channel 25 spoke to the manager of the Walmart in question who said he was "unaware of the situation" and he will address it with his workers. Khim Aday with the Walmart corporate press office also made a statement.  "We welcome nursing mothers to breastfeed their child in our store," He said. "We apologize to the customer for her experience and appreciate her for bringing this matter to our attention." There are currently three new bills working their way up the ladder for approval. These bills would: Strengthen the right to breastfeed Give women a right to express breast milk at work Enforce "mother-friendly worksites" To figure out the current status of the bills you can go to Texas Legislature Online and click on "My TLO." Copyright 2017 KXXV. All rights reserved. East Texas NewsMore>> Nacogdoches ISD athletic director secures school board seat with more than 50 percent of votes Nacogdoches ISD athletic director secures school board seat with more than 50 percent of votes Updated: Saturday, May 6 2017 9:32 PM EDT2017-05-07 01:32:05 GMT Nacogdoches ISD Athletic Director Farshid Niroumand has won a seat on the school board.  More >> Nacogdoches ISD Athletic Director Farshid Niroumand has won a seat on the school board. More >> Women help women construct Lufkin home Women help women construct Lufkin home Updated: Saturday, May 6 2017 7:07 PM EDT2017-05-06 23:07:25 GMT The volunteer group alongside Lowe's Heroes helped make some final touches on a home being given to this East Texas single mother. More >> The volunteer group alongside Lowe's Heroes helped make some final touches on a home being given to this East Texas single mother.More >> Breaking NWS Shreveport confirms EF-0 tornado touched down inside Lufkin loop NWS Shreveport confirms EF-0 tornado touched down inside Lufkin loop Updated: Friday, May 5 2017 11:28 PM EDT2017-05-06 03:28:43 GMT Based on a damage survey done in Angelina County, the National Weather Service office in Shreveport, Louisiana reported Friday evening that an EF-0 tornado touched down inside the Lufkin loop during the storms that blew through Deep East Texas Wednesday. More >> Based on a damage survey done in Angelina County, the National Weather Service office in Shreveport, Louisiana reported Friday evening that an EF-0 tornado touched down inside the Lufkin loop during the storms that blew through Deep East Texas Wednesday.More >> Lyle Lovett to headline 2017-18 Angelina Arts Alliance schedule Lyle Lovett to headline 2017-18 Angelina Arts Alliance schedule Updated: Friday, May 5 2017 7:44 PM EDT2017-05-05 23:44:00 GMT The Angelina Arts Alliance announced their 2017-28 schedule Friday that includes a Texas Music icon and a Tony Award winning performance.More >> The Angelina Arts Alliance announced their 2017-28 schedule Friday that includes a Texas Music icon and a Tony Award winning performance.More >> Pantry shelves running low as summer programs approach for Lufkin non-profits Pantry shelves running low as summer programs approach for Lufkin non-profits Updated: Friday, May 5 2017 7:35 PM EDT2017-05-05 23:35:11 GMT Lufkin non-profits are reminding people that summer months are just as important for donations as the holiday season. More >> Lufkin non-profits are reminding people that summer months are just as important for donations as the holiday season.More >>    Can't Find Something? 358 TV Road Pollok, TX 75969 (936) 853-5873 FCC Public File publicfile@ktre.com (936) 853-5873 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 48° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Sunny. High 74F. Winds NW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Clear skies. Low 51F. Winds light and variable. Updated: May 7, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close 1 of 2 Daniel Acker A baker carries trays at a Costco store in Naperville, Ill., on May 23, 2016. Bloomberg photo by Daniel Acker. Daniel Acker An employee hands a beverage to a customer at the drive-thru window of a McDonald's in Peru, Ill., on July 20, 2015.  Bloomberg photo by Daniel Acker. Retail is dying? Tell that to fast-food chains losing top talent By Leslie Patton • Bloomberg 17 hrs ago (…) Daniel Acker A baker carries trays at a Costco store in Naperville, Ill., on May 23, 2016. Bloomberg photo by Daniel Acker. Daniel Acker An employee hands a beverage to a customer at the drive-thru window of a McDonald's in Peru, Ill., on July 20, 2015.  Bloomberg photo by Daniel Acker. Customers cussed at him and threw ice cream at him. Finally, Don-Wesley Andrews had enough. He quit McDonald's in Sacramento, Calif., for a job at Walmart. Like many other Americans, the 22-year-old Andrews improved his life just by moving to retail from fast food. Longer lunch break, paid time off, even a quarterly bonus — and no french fry fragrance clinging to his clothes. "Walmart's not perfect, but compared to fast food, it's much, much, much better," Andrews said. There's plenty of talk about the retail industry dying, with malls closing and the slump stressing iconic chains like Sears and J. Crew, but healthier big-box giants such as Wal-Mart and Costco are still chronically in need of employees, at least for now. The number of U.S. retail jobs was about the same last year compared with 2015, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. What's really bedeviling retailers is annual turnover — at 65 percent, it's the highest since before the Great Recession — making it necessary to keep hiring. The chains are so hungry for good help they're poaching workers from fast-food restaurants. "Those jobs tend to be more transitional, they tend to be more fluid, and as a result there tends to be higher turnover," said Michael Harms of Dallas-based researcher TDn2K. "Even though you hear headlines like retail is dying and the robots are coming, there's still a lot of things that need human touch points. It's a dogfight over good employees." When it comes to pay, stores have the edge. U.S. retail sales workers earn a median $10.37 an hour, while food workers, including those at fast food, make $9.35, according to new data from the BLS. Andrews said he earns $12.12 an hour at his new job. Perhaps not coincidentally, Wal-Mart Stores Inc., the largest U.S. private employer, added about 200,000 American jobs over the last decade. Italian fast-casual chain Fazoli's is trying to fend off retail, according to Dave Craig, vice president of human resources. "It's a free-for-all right now," Craig said. While the company is paying 20 cents to 30 cents more than last year, its employees still make $9.20 an hour, on average. That's less than the minimum of $10 an hour Walmart started giving people last year. Fazoli's is trying to retain employees. The chain might nix cotton T-shirt uniforms for a Dri-Fit option that employees don't have to tuck in. Black jeans, instead of slacks, are a possibility, too. And workers may get paid more often — the company is testing a program that gives employees some of their earnings at the end of each shift in a debit card. Boston Market Corp. is buttering up employees, too. It's handing out as much as $100 to those who get the best customer-survey scores. The chicken chain is spending more to advertise jobs on Facebook, Glassdoor and Twitter and is giving raises. Workers now earn $10.01 an hour, on average — about 75 cents more than last year. Pay increases in fast food are fueled by more than just the competition from retail. Higher minimum wages across the U.S., a better economy and a smaller labor pool to draw from — due to fewer immigrants from Mexico — also have an impact. Who's hired? Check our People in Business How do they stack up? Compare pay of top St. Louis executives Meet the top midsized workplaces in St. Louis Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis "You have big distribution centers, you have retailers, you have other restaurant concepts, you have grocery stores, and they're all looking for great people," said Jason Lessman, the chain's vice president of human resources. "It's just as tough as I've seen it in my 12 years of doing recruiting. It's definitely a war for talent." In 2014, Starbucks upended its workers' dress code to include looser rules for tattoos, along with colored ties and scarves and black denim. It further loosened the rules last year inviting employees to "make a statement with hair color." McDonald's said last month it was upgrading its uniforms in the U.S. to be more modern and comfortable — an effort to retain workers. "You're going to see the labor market further tighten," Chief Executive Officer Steve Easterbrook said in an April earnings call. At the same time, the domestic dining industry is struggling. March same-store sales dropped 0.6 percent, marking the fourth-straight month of declines, according to data from researcher MillerPulse. Profit is being hurt by the extra costs to attract and keep staff to flip burgers, assemble sandwiches and bake pizzas. That's definitely the case in Sacramento, where many of Andrews' Walmart colleagues used to serve burritos and chalupas. "There was this joke that they literally stole half the Taco Bell crew," he said. "There's a lot of people that used to do fast food that made their way to the retail side."  Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Retail Commerce Work Economics Fast Food View (…) comments Most popular If you have a minor health problem, don't expect Anthem to pay for your ER visit Schnucks names Peacock new president and chief operating officer Family booted from Delta flight and threatened with jail after refusing to give up toddler's seat Camping World CEO says Gander Mountain made a bad bet on guns Limited-access club planned for Southwest terminal Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section When online employee ratings tip fraud Nicklaus: Anthem drama shouldn't be existential crisis for Express Scripts Express Scripts battle with Anthem raises transparency questions Questions on bidding arise as MSD gears up for giant tunnel projects River constriction and wetter climate leave area vulnerable to more frequent major floods Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Register now and check your icy wit against other St. Louis hockey fans. Sign up and learn from the professionals! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
PennLive Menu Home News Sports Penn State Football High School Sports Entertainment Food & Dining Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Autos Jobs Real Estate Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Local News National & World Pa. Politics Business Harrisburg Philadelphia Pittsburgh Community News Obituaries Crime Weather Traffic Photos Videos Special Projects Site Index Back to Main Menu Penn State Football Pittsburgh Panthers Philadelphia Eagles Pittsburgh Steelers NFL Recruiting High School Sports Fantasy Football Motorsports Little League World Series Penn State Sports Penn State Wrestling Hershey Bears Harrisburg Senators Harrisburg City Islanders Golf Outdoors Back to Main Menu Eagles Steelers Ravens Back to Main Menu Fan Talk Recruiting Videos Photo Galleries PSU Columnists Back to Main Menu Bob Flounders David Jones Greg Pickel Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Volleyball Boys Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Offseason Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Field Hockey Boys Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Girls Tennis Girls Volleyball Bowling Back to Main Menu Pa. Life & Culture Cool Spaces Vintage Photos Proms Movies Music Television Travel Living Gardening Columnists Events Comics Puzzles Back to Main Menu Nancy Eshelman Dawn Marron Marcus Schneck George Weigel Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Cooking & Recipes Restaurants PennLive Picks Back to Main Menu Editorials Op-Eds John Micek's Morning Coffee Letters to the Editor Cartoons Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Tumblr Follow us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search PennLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to PennLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Patriot-News Central PA Magazine Newsletters Mobile Apps News Podcasts Sports Podcasts comments State Police Report - May 6, 2017 Print Email Perry County Times By Perry County Times The Patriot-News on May 06, 2017 at 7:00 AM, updated May 06, 2017 at 7:05 AM comments A driver was taken into custody for DUI after a traffic stop by state police on April 8 on Route 322 East  at Mountain Road, Middle Paxton Twp., Dauphin. -- -- --   A Greenwood Twp. woman lost money March 9 through a Facebook and Walmart 2 Walmart scam. -- -- -- Annette Murray, 53, of Liverpool was turning left onto Market Street for N. Third Street in Newport when she struck a 2010 Ford Focus with her 1993 Buick Cutlass Cruiser at 3:35 p.m., April 6. Police said she fled the scene. Murray was using a seat belt and was not injured. She was charged with duty to give information and render aid. The other driver was using a seat belt and was not injured. -- -- -- Jason Leach, 40, of Newport hit a tree as he was driving a 2002 Hyundai Sonata north in the 3300 block of Newport Road in Oliver Twp. at 4:04 p.m., April 13. Leach was not wearing a seat belt. He was taken to Hershey Medical Center for treatment of injuries. Millerstown EMS, Newport Fire Company and Fuller's Towing assisted at the scene. -- -- --  State police said a 35-year-old Newport man will be charged after allegedly shoving a Newport woman to the ground at about 7:46 p.m., April 11, in the 400 block of Dock Street. Another 35-year-old man, from Harrisburg, is facing charges after allegedly endangering the life of a Duncannon woman in a vehicle at approximately 6:40 p.m., April 10, in the first block of S. Market Street, Duncannon. -- -- -- A 34-year-old Miller Twp. woman is accused of stealing a three-wheeler and farm equipment at 5:15 p.m., April 12, on Hidden Valley Road in S.W. Madison Twp. -- -- -- Three people responsible for a 2-year-old were charged with neglect of care. State police reported the child had multiple facial injuries and a broken arm occurring between March 20 and 22, which were discovered by Children and Youth Services on S. Main Street in Marysville.  Charged were Ashley Walker-Luster, 24, James Shore, 22, and Tina Kile, 43.  -- -- -- State police made a number of traffic stops April 15 and 16, resulting in arrests for suspicion of DUI or possession of drugs: April 15 -- Market Street, Duncannon, 1:37 a.m., DUI; Market Street, Duncannon, 3:23 a.m., DUI; Route 322 East at Route 11/15, Reed Twp., Dauphin County, 9:49 p.m., DUI. April 16 -- Red Hill Road, Howe Twp., 12:37 a.m., DUI; Reed Twp., 2:33 a.m., 19-year-old woman found with small amount of marijuana and paraphernalia; Route 322 East, Reed Twp., 3:06 a.m., DUI; Route 11/15, Penn Twp., 11:45 p.m., DUI. -- -- --  Monica Terri Mers, 43, of Palm Coast, Fla., was found to be under the influence of, and in possession of, a controlled substance on April 9 in the first block of Benvenue Road, Reed Twp., Dauphin County. Charges were filed against her through district court. -- -- --  Ryan Pechart, 38, of Millerstown was driving east on Route 322 in Reed Twp., Dauphin County, when he rear-ended a 2003 Jeep Liberty with his 2005 Chevrolet Express G2500 at 7:19 a.m., April 10. Pechart was wearing a seat belt and was not injured. He was charged with following too closely. The other driver and a passenger were in safety restraints and weren't injured. -- -- -- A woman's truck reportedly was scratched while it was parked in her driveway in Saville Twp. at 2:32 a.m., April 18. -- -- -- A driver was arrested for suspicion of DUI by state police during a traffic stop at 1:02 a.m., April 18, on Route 322 East in Reed Twp., Dauphin County. -- -- -- A 62-year-old man was charged with harassment after a physical altercation with  another man at 6:20 p.m., April 17, on Debra Drive in Saville Twp. -- -- -- Londa Feltman of McAlisterville was westbound on Route 322 in Howe Twp. when the 2001 Audi she was driving collided with rocks on the highway at 5:19 p.m., April 6, causing disabling damage. Feltman was using a seat belt and was not injured. Newport Fire Company and Fire Police assisted at the scene. The Audi was towed by Regester's. -- -- -- A door reportedly was broken on April 3 in the first block of Paradise Road, Wheatfield Twp. -- -- -- David Madden, 47, of Mechanicsburg was traveling north on Raccoon Valley Road in Tuscarora Twp. when his 2013 Ford E-350 struck fence posts, a utility pole and embankment at 12:42 p.m., April 14, near Boyer Lane, causing disabling damage. Madden was wearing a seat belt and was not injured. He was cited with driving on roadways laned for traffic.  A passenger was using a seat belt and wasn't injured. -- -- -- Anyone with pertinent information about incidents is asked to contact state police, 567-3110, or Perry County Crime Stoppers, 1-866-210-8477 or www.perrycountycrimestoppers.org. Crime Stoppers offers cash awards for tips that lead to arrests. About Us PA Media Group PennLive The Patriot-News Advertise with Us Career Opportunities Contact Us Send Us a News Tip Community Rules Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Manage your Patriot-News Subscription e-Newsletters PennLive Sections Home News Sports PSU Football High School Sports Entertainment Pa. Life & Culture Pa. Food & Dining Opinion Business Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Mobile Apps iPhone, Android Apps | Tablet Apps More on PennLive Videos Photos Weather Contests Post a Job Post a Free Classified Ad Sell your Car Sell/Rent your Home Sitemap & Search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 PA Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PA Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Nogales police investigate fire at Walmart - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Justice For Isabel Arizona Politics Great Things Happen Here Border News Business Traffic map SLIDESHOWS Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Flight tracker Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 SLIDESHOWS Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Sign up for email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball News from the NFL UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community AZ WEEKEND Discover Arizona See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Pet Connection Pet Pals Speaker Request Events Lifestyle About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace Nogales police investigate fire at Walmart 2017-05-06T02:14:32Z2017-05-06T02:14:32Z By Tucson News Now Staff Email Connect desk@tucsonnewsnow.com Fire set at a Nogales Walmart. (Source: Nogales Police Department) Lingering smoke inside the Walmart. (Source: Nogales Police Department) (Source: Nogales Police Department) (Source: Nogales Police Department) NOGALES, AZ (Tucson News Now) - The Nogales Police Department is investigating a suspicious fire at a Walmart in Nogales.  According to a recent release the incident happened on Thursday, May 4, when NPD officers responded to a call around 10:45 p.m. about a possible fire at Walmart.  When NPD and the Nogales Fire Department arrived on scene they found thick smoke inside the store near the garden and hardware department. They quickly moved several shoppers and employees from the store as a safety precaution.   Two quick thinking employees put the fire out, preventing an incident of a much larger scale, stated the release.   Store employees told NPD that a young boy was seen on surveillance cameras setting fire to store merchandise in the hardware and paints department with a lighter and then running away. According to the release a lighter was found at the scene where the fire began.   Officers located the boy, a 7-year-old, in the store parking lot with his mother.  Employees identified him as the child seen on the surveillance video.   The mother told officers that she had been separated from her son for a few minutes and that he was not the one responsible for setting the fire. According to NPD she then told officers she was going to speak to an attorney and that the officers would not be able to speak to her son.  No arrests have been made, though charges of arson, criminal damage, and endangerment were referred to the local juvenile probation department and the Santa Cruz County Attorney's Office on the 7-year-old, according to the release.  Walmart remained closed the rest of Thursday night for clean up and to prevent the risk of smoke inhalation. There were no reported injuries to employees or shoppers.   Final figures for damages and losses are reportedly at $30,000 or higher, according to Walmart management.  The NPD release stated this was not the first fire reported at this Walmart. In a separate incident reported on March 14, the 7-year-old from the May 4 fire and his 11-year-old brother were suspected of setting fire to clothing around 11 p.m.  According to the release employees saw the two boys running from the clothing department where the fire began, and another witness reported they saw one of the boys with a lighter before they left the store. In the March 14 incident, store surveillance also led police to the alleged suspects and the mother stated her children had nothing to do with the fire and she was consulting an attorney. In this case the mother also prevented the children from speaking with the police.   Charges of criminal damage were referred to the local juvenile probation department and the Santa Cruz County Attorney's Office on the two boys.   Walmart employees told the Nogales police that these were not the only fires to have been set at the store, according to the release, there were two previous incidents not reported to the police.  MOBILE USERS: Download our app on your Apple and Android devices. Copyright 2017 Tucson News Now. All rights reserved. Local newsMore>> breaking UPDATE: Mulberry Fire southeast of Vail grows to estimated 500 acres UPDATE: Mulberry Fire southeast of Vail grows to estimated 500 acres Updated: Saturday, May 6 2017 10:36 PM EDT2017-05-07 02:36:39 GMT The Red Cross of Southern Arizona has set up a shelter at the Pima County Fairgrounds. The shelter is available to anyone directly affected by the Mulberry Fire.  The Red Cross of Southern Arizona has set up a shelter at the Pima County Fairgrounds. The shelter is available to anyone directly affected by the Mulberry Fire.  Tips to keep your air conditioning running efficiently this summer Tips to keep your air conditioning running efficiently this summer Updated: Saturday, May 6 2017 9:57 PM EDT2017-05-07 01:57:40 GMT Source: KOLD The triple-digit heat is here and that means many of us will be cranking on the air conditioning for the first time in months. Tucson News Now talked to a local company about how to keep a.c. systems running efficiently all summer long.  The triple-digit heat is here and that means many of us will be cranking on the air conditioning for the first time in months. Tucson News Now talked to a local company about how to keep a.c. systems running efficiently all summer long.  Two injured in Tucson fire after man tries to rescue cat Two injured in Tucson fire after man tries to rescue cat Updated: Saturday, May 6 2017 9:11 PM EDT2017-05-07 01:11:43 GMT Source: Tucson Fire Department Firefighters responded to smoke and flames at a carport in midtown Saturday, according to Tucson Fire Captain Andy Skaggs. Skaggs said around 2:50 p.m. that the fire was under control at an apartment complex near the intersection of Tucson Boulevard and Glenn Street.  Firefighters responded to smoke and flames at a carport in midtown Saturday, according to Tucson Fire Captain Andy Skaggs. Skaggs said around 2:50 p.m. that the fire was under control at an apartment complex near the intersection of Tucson Boulevard and Glenn Street.  Always Dreaming brings UA's Pletcher a Derby win Always Dreaming brings UA's Pletcher a Derby win Updated: Saturday, May 6 2017 7:16 PM EDT2017-05-06 23:16:12 GMT University of Arizona grad Todd Pletcher wins Kentucky Derby with Always Dreaming. University of Arizona grad Todd Pletcher wins Kentucky Derby with Always Dreaming. BREAKING Northwest Healthcare and United Healthcare reach agreement Northwest Healthcare and United Healthcare reach agreement Updated: Saturday, May 6 2017 5:29 PM EDT2017-05-06 21:29:05 GMT Source: KOLD Northwest Healthcare announced a renewed agreement with UnitedHealthcare on Saturday.  Northwest Healthcare announced a renewed agreement with United Healthcare on Saturday.     Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> One punch kills California father of five on Fremont Street One punch kills California father of five on Fremont Street Posted: Friday, May 5 2017 4:13 AM EDT2017-05-05 08:13:31 GMT Updated: Saturday, May 6 2017 12:59 AM EDT2017-05-06 04:59:47 GMT Police are searching for two men believed to have been involved in the murder of a man on Fremont Street on April 30, 2017. (LVMPD) Medical examiners identified a man who died after being punched outside of a Fremont Street bar over the weekend. Medical examiners identified a man who died after being punched outside of a Fremont Street bar over the weekend. Woman arrested, facing murder charges after allegedly shooting, killing grandmother Woman arrested, facing murder charges after allegedly shooting, killing grandmother Updated: Saturday, May 6 2017 6:59 PM EDT2017-05-06 22:59:11 GMT (Source: WSFA 12 News) A suspect is in custody after the shooting death of a 58-year-old woman, according to the Macon County Sheriff's Office.  A suspect is in custody after the shooting death of a 58-year-old woman, according to the Macon County Sheriff's Office.  Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Newsletter Signup E-edition Subscribe + Subscriber Services News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Bomb threat at La Habra Walmart is unfounded,… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: Vote for Best of O.C. 2017 $84,000 is low-income in O.C. Garden Grove mom stabbed to death Feds raid Santa Ana market Shark attack NewsCrime + Public Safety Bomb threat at La Habra Walmart is unfounded, authorities say Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) By Brian Day | Orange County Register PUBLISHED: May 6, 2017 at 7:02 pm | UPDATED: May 6, 2017 at 7:14 pm A phoned-in bomb threat disrupted a La Habra Walmart store for more than an hour on Saturday before police determined that the threat was unfounded, authorities said. Police were first notified shortly after noon that staff at Walmart, 1000 E. Imperial Highway, had received a call from a man claiming there was a bomb inside the store, La Habra police Lt. Adam Foster said. Officials evacuated the store, he said. Police, along with a bomb squad, searched the building and found nothing out of the ordinary. Police declared the scene safe about 1:30 p.m., and the business resumed operation, he said. An investigation into who placed the threatening call was underway. Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular ‘Star Wars’ Land update: Disneyland’s Rivers of America route nearly done San Juan Capistrano man dies, another person hospitalized after car hits pole in San Clemente Danner dominates on mound as Huntington Beach claims Boras Classic title 143rd Kentucky Derby – It’s (also) about the hats County opens first year-round homeless shelter in Anaheim, residents may start moving in Friday First $1 million prize on Lottery’s biggest scratcher sold in Garden Grove Tags:  crime Top Stories OCR Brian Day View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in News Surf standoff: Man wanted on warrants is caught after trying to elude deputies by heading into Dana Point surf In French election, voters face a choice that mirrors the West’s new divide Hundreds don super hero costumes for annual AIDS walk in Irvine Chase Bank in Garden Grove robbed, suspect described as shaggy blond man Live Traffic Map Weather Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Work with Us Company Store Advertising Sections Cars Classified Jobs Real Estate Knowledge Cafe Top Workplaces Deals How to Advertise with us Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kits Advertising Contact Information How to find us on other platforms Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Weekly E-editions Site Map Subscriber services Customer Service Subscribe Reader Rewards Partners Coast Magazine OC Family Southland Golf The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Sections Nightly News MSNBC Meet the Press Dateline Today Search Search Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Email page link Secondary Navigation Sections U.S. World Local Politics Investigations Health MACH Tech Science BETTER Pop Culture Lifestyle Business Weather Sports Latino Asian America NBCBLK NBC OUT Top Ongoing Missing Nigeria Schoolgirls Aaron Hernandez TV Nightly News Meet The Press Dateline Today Featured NBC News VR Your Business Inspiring America NBCBLK28 College Game Plan Multimedia Video Photo More From NBC Sports CNBC MSNBC.com NBC.com NBC Learn Re/Code Peacock Productions Next Steps for Vets Parent Toolkit NBC News works best with JavaScript turned on Feedback advertisement advertisement Business Consumer Travel Economy Personal Finance Markets Business May 4 2017, 8:06 am ET Star Wars Deals on May the Fourth: Because These Are the Bargains You’re Looking For by Nicole Spector Share Share Tweet Comment Email Print advertisement The month of May is jam-packed with holidays that give way to great savings opportunities. Mother's Day and Memorial Day are the two biggies, but even Cinco de Mayo, and the unofficial but increasingly legitimate Star Wars Day (May the Fourth be with you...) render great deals. Play Facebook Twitter Embed What we know about the next 'Star Wars' movie 0:43 autoplay autoplay Copy this code to your website or blog <iframe src="http://www.nbcnews.com/widget/video-embed/861481539917" width="560" height="315" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Consumers can expect sales on a variety of items including home appliances and grills, mattresses, Mother's Day gifts such as flowers and jewelry, and yes, all kinds of Star Wars-themed products. We can also anticipate major sales from box retailers as the result of a more dismal fact: store closures. "With what seems like more major store closings this year than past years, closeouts will be plentiful at these retailers in May," said Brent Shelton, online shopping expert at FatWallet. Related: J.C.Penney to Close 140 Stores JCPenney announced in February that it would be liquidating 130 to 140 stores throughout spring and summer. Sears Holding continues to narrow the brick and mortar presence of both Kmart and Sears (though many have already closed), and the women's apparel and accessories retailer Bebe is looking to close all its locations by the end of the month. Star Wars Stuff Why does Star Wars Day fall on May 4th? So that we can say, "May the fourth be with you." Yes, this is a geeky day indeed, but one that is seeing more aggressive deals over the last few years, as the franchise has recharged with new blockbusters. "May the Fourth has become a major fan holiday for lovers of Star Wars. Stores have taken it up to, offering discounts and freebies for Star Wars merch," said Benjamin Glaser, features editor at DealNews. "Look to the Disney Store and ThinkGeek for clothing and toys. Star Wars figurines are everywhere on May the Fourth, from action figures to Disney Infinity, for under $20. Surprisingly, Best Buy was one of our top stores for May the Fourth last year, with discounts not only on toys but on Star Wars-branded electronics." Glaser suggests scoping out the clearance toys at Walmart. The LEGO Star Wars Carbon Freezing Chamber is also on sale at Walmart, now 17.49, down from $24.99. GameStop has the Star Wars Rogue One: Rebel U-Wing Fighter on sale for $16, down from $30, as well as the Star Wars Hoth Commando Backpack for $20, down from $40. ThinkGeek's May the 4th Be With You sale, which boasts savings between 20 and 60 percent off Star Wars merchandise through May 6th, is shaping up to be the best of all the Star Wars Day sales, if only because it features so many novel products. Take for instance, this Star Wars Space Collage Skirt for $44.99 down from $79.99; and the Star Wars Droid Kitchen Container Set, on sale for $13.99, down from $19.99 Home Appliances and Grilling Gear "Memorial Day sales are largely about home goods, as households conduct spring cleaning and stores try to clear out the warehouse to make way for outdoor items," said DealNews' Glaser. "Refrigerators and washers could see 20 percent off — major savings on expensive items — while discounts on toasters and blenders could top 30 percent." Glaser points to deals on washers and dryers at Whirlpool Outlet, where using the coupon code "SIGNUP10" nabs you an extra 10 percent off. These items, which start at $539, also qualify for free shipping. At Sears, the Kenmore 25-Cu. Ft. Refrigerator is retailing for $765, down from $1399.99, with free shipping. Also at Sears, the Craftsman Wet/Dry Vac is selling for $59.99 — not on sale, but Shop your Way Rewards members can receive around $40 in Sears points with this purchase, which also has free shipping. RetailMeNot is also offering $10 cash back for online purchases at Sears of $40 or more. "Memorial Day is a big weekend for hosting outdoor barbecues and big box stores discount items in order to sell more," said Sara Skirboll, shopping and trends expert at RetailMeNot. Check out heavily marked down grills at Sears such as the Kenmore 4 Burner Stainless Steel Lid Gas Grill with Storage, on sale for $277.19, down from $399.99; and the Kenmore 6 Burner Stainless Steel Front Gas Grill With Storage for $494.99, down from $649.99. At Macy's, the Char-Broil Big Easy Smoker Roaster & Grill is on sale for $249.99, down from $499.99; and the George Foreman GFO240S Indoor & Outdoor Grill is on sale for $99.99, down from $149.99. Use the promo code FRIEND for an extra 25 percent off select home appliance items, through May 7. Mattresses "Thanks to spring cleaning, college graduates moving into apartments, and stores clearing out inventory, Memorial Day has become the single best time of year to buy a mattress," said Glaser. "You should get at least 50 percent off, and ideally you'll find coupons that stack addition discounts on top of those savings (which could take 10 percent to 40 percent off already-discounted items.) We can expect more deals to roll out as the month goes on, but you can already find big savings at Sit N' Sleep, which names among its "Monster Markdowns" the Kingsdown Fantasy Firm, on sale for $519.99, down dramatically from $1,059.99, and the Kingsdown Fantasy Plush Eurotop, on sale for $609.99, down from $1,219.99. Over at Sears, save between 50 and 60 percent on mattresses such as the Sealy Response Kenney Firm Queen mattress, on sale for $349.99, down from $699.99. Skirboll adds that via RetailMeNot, you can save 15 percent off your 1800Mattress purchase. Courtney Jespersen, retail expert at NerdWallet advises consumers to keep an eye out for deals from Overstock and J.C.Penney, which have teased Memorial Day Sales but have yet to disclose full details. Americans spent an average of $173 on Mom for Mother's Day 2016. Ross Dettman / AP Mother's Day Gifts: Jewelry, Flowers, and Photos "Mother's Day is another driver of deals and discounts in May, with coupons from gift providers like flower companies, gourmet food, beauty and fragrance, and spa-related discounts," said Kendal Perez, ‎savings expert for Coupon Sherpa. "Photo-related gifts are also popular for Mother's Day and represent some of the best discounts in May from specialty sites like Snapfish, as well as drugstores like Walgreens and CVS." At 1800Baskets, get 20 percent off Mother's Day gifts with code 20HUG; 30 percent off $50 Mother's Day orders with code 30HUG; or 35 percent off orders of $99 or more with code 35HUG through May 11. At Murad, nab a free Mother's Day gift ($59 value) with any order of $125 or more through May 10 with promo code MOM. At Blue Nile get 15 percent off select regular priced jewelry for Mother's Day through May 12 with promo code MOM2017, and at Zales find 25 percent off Mother & Grandmother Jewelry through May 16 with promo code 25MOMAFF. 1800Flowers is touting 25 percent off plants and blooms through May 12 with promo code MDAYPLNT, and Snapfish is currently offering 50 percent off a photo locket necklace for Mom through May 16 with promo code 50LOCKET. And save 28 percent off prints at Shutterfly with promo code SAVE28RMN. "Online stores and department stores also offer savings on Mother's Day gifts, with Amazon already providing discounts within their Mother's Day Gift Shop with deals on everything from jewelry to tote bags to Keurig machines," added Perez. Cinco de Mayo "Although Cinco de Mayo is a Mexican holiday, American restaurants use the event as an opportunity to drive sales through drink and food specials," said Perez. "Last year, we saw free offers from Caribou Coffee and Taco Cabana, half-price specials from Taco Bueno, and drink deals from On the Border including 14-ounce margaritas for $4. Party supply stores like Party City also offer specials during Cinco de Mayo, with last year's deal providing a free pinata with purchases of $125 or more." Related: Not My Guacamole! How a 20 Percent Tariff Could Affect Your Cinco de Mayo Keep an eye on social media to find the most up-to-date local deals, especially if you're keen on Happy Hour specials and Mexican cuisine. Reminder to Active Military and Veterans Keep in mind that Memorial Day Weekend is not just all about retail sales for the masses; it's also about honoring those who serve and have served our country. "Active military and veterans may receive exclusive deals and freebies over Memorial Day weekend, with many restaurants — including Applebee's, Bar Louie, Carrabba's, Glory Days, IHOP, McCormick & Schmick's and others — offering free meals to service members," said Perez. "Proof of service is typically required. Military also sees discounts and free offers over Memorial Day weekend from service providers including Meineke, Great Clips and Sports Clips, as well as complimentary admission to select venues like Legoland Florida and Colonial Williamsburg." Nicole Spector Topic Consumer First Published May 1 2017, 12:54 pm ET Next Story Obamacare Uncertainty May Mean Higher Insurance Premiums, Experts Say advertisement advertisement advertisement About Us Careers Contact Privacy Policy New Terms of Service nbcnews.com Site Map Advertise AdChoices © 2017 NBCnews.com
Toggle navigation Celebrities Entertainment Lifestyle Relationships Fashion & Beauty Video Discussion Board Competitions Shopping You are Here : Home Celebrities Celebrity News Tracy Morgan's 'purpose' is to spread love Tracy Morgan is convinced he was put on this planet to "spread love" - but he only realised it after he diced with death in 2014. STUMBLE SHARE SHARE TWEET PIN 6 May 2017 Tracy Morgan feels his "purpose in life is to spread love." Tracy Morgan The 48-year-old comedian almost died three years ago when a Walmart truck smashed into the limousine he was travelling in on the New Jersey Turnpike and has admitted the horror smash, which killed his close friend James 'Jimmy' McNair, has given him a new outlook on life. Speaking to PEOPLE, he said: "It doesn't cost nothing to be nice. I know my purpose in this world is to spread love. I love you and you can't do nothing about it." Tracy - who has three sons Gitrid, Malcolm, and Tracy, Jr from his first marriage and two-year-old daughter Maven with wife Megan Woolover - previously admitted he toyed with the idea of suicide on numerous occasions when he was strapped to his hospital bed, unable to walk, for over a year following the crash. He said: "I thought I was going to die for a long time. "My thoughts - I was in a very dark place. I was sitting right here, contemplating suicide. I couldn't walk. Emotionally, it's hard for me to deal with. "I don't think I cheated death. I think this was the plan. My room wasn't ready." The brave star has made an impressive recovery since the horrific ordeal and recently got to meet the man who saved his life by pulling him out of the wreckage. He explained: "He was shaking for two years now, and I just held him and told him 'I love you very much, I love you very much, thank you so much.' And we started to talk and he said when he pulled me out, a 23-year-old man, I was covered, and he was covered in my blood from head to toe, and he said I was swinging. I said, 'Why was I doing that?' And he said, 'You were fighting for your life.' I wasn't ready to go man. I got a little girl, I got sons, I got my audience, I got my wife, I wasn't ready to go." Tagged in Tracy Morgan STUMBLE SHARE SHARE TWEET PIN Videos Competitions Win A Natures Menu Country Hunter Hamper... Win A Dracula, Mummy, Wolf Man Or... Win A Copy Of Line Of Duty Series 1-4 Win An Orange Fallen Fruits Outdoor Pouffe Win A Signed Sergio Aguero Shirt Win A MIXX Audio S3 Wireless Bluetooth... Win A Copy Of LEGO® CITY Undercover For... Most Popular Tracy Morgan's 'magical' Emmys Tracy Morgans Wiedersehen mit seinem Retter Tracy Morgan's emotional meeting with man who saved his life Hot Articles Big Brother Canada Exit Interview – The... Big Brother Exit Interview – Jackie... Prince Andrew expected to be queen's escort 10 Reasons To Eat In London 51 Year Old Mistaken For A 30 Year Old By A... Patty Jenkins Already Has Wonder Woman... Agony Aunts Please type a name Please type a valid email address Please type a question Ask Yin & Yang Staff Picks Game of Thrones: Why should Daenerys Targaryen sit on The Iron Throne? Sherrie Hewson quits Loose Women Colton Haynes returning to Arrow early in season 5 LGBT representation in television - Are we moving forward? See the cast of Ordinary Lies series 2 in new first look image Kelvin Fletcher leaving Emmerdale Fashion & Beauty Fashion & Beauty Lingerie Entertainment Movies Music TV & Soaps Competitions Books Sport Horoscopes Bizarre Culture Lifestyle Health Food & Drink Parenting Vegan Dream Interpretation Motoring Relationships Relationships Sex Agony Aunt Weddings Horoscopes Celebrities Celebrity News Interviews Royal Family Videos Showbiz (DE) Videos Celebrity Videos Interviews Movies Exclusives Shopping Gift Guide Lingerie News and Sport News and Views Debate Contact Us Advertise Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy © 2017 FemaleFirst Ltd. all rights reserved. duration : 0.27894s v4.2 - 2017-05-07 07:42:03
Home Menu Search Facebook Twitter RSS Currently 49.3 °F Sunday May 7th, 2017 2:54AM Posted 5:30PM on Saturday 6th May 2017 ( 9 hours ago ) Okefenokee wildfire forces evacuation in South Georgia share tweet +1 By The Associated Press Related Articles Walmart in Dawson County evacuated after threat, reopens after three hoursUPDATE: Investigators classify device found in Gainesville home as an 'improvised explosive'Local hotels have little or no room for hurricane evacueesUPDATE: Banks Crossing businesses reopen after evacuation   Contact Editor FOLKSTON, Ga. (AP) A sparsely populated area of Georgia's southernmost county is under a mandatory evacuation after a wildfire in the Okefenokee Swamp on the Georgia-Florida line began encroaching onto private property.  Charlton County officials say Saturday's evacuation order affects the area from Jim Crawford Loop road south to St. George on the west side of Highway 121.  County Administrator Shawn Boatright describes the area as ``very rural'' but noted there are some homes that could be affected. He couldn't immediately say how many residents might be affected but says a temporary shelter has been opened in the gymnasium at the Folkston Elementary School. He says it will stay open indefinitely.  The wildfire started by lightning April 6 and has since burned more than 150 square miles (389 sq. kilometers) on public lands. Associated Categories: Homepage, Local/State News Associated Tags: evacuation, south Georgia, wildfire © Copyright 2017 AccessWDUN.com All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed without permission. Okefenokee wildfire forces evacuation in South Georgia A sparsely populated area of Georgia's southernmost county is under a mandatory evacuation after a wildfire in the Okefenokee Swamp on the Georgia-Florida line began encroaching onto private property. 5:30PM ( 3 seconds ago ) Gainesville: Arts Council Summer MusicFest lineup announced The Arts Council's 2017 Summer MusicFest will feature the Joe Gransden Big Band featuring guest vocalist Annie Sellick, the Atlanta Symphony Orchestra, The Northwinds Symphonic Band, a Patriotic Pops Concert, Back in Time, and Riverstreet. 5:00PM ( 30 minutes ago ) Bills on Georgia medical marijuana, beer sales still in flux Gov. Nathan Deal still has several days to consider bills, including items affecting Georgia's medical marijuana program, craft beer sales and rural health care 3:57PM ( 1 hour ago ) Local/State News UNG plans pre-eclipse events Despite recent rain, outdoor water restrictions remain for 12 north Georgia counties Hall Relay for Life expected to attract hundreds Pentagon says Navy SEAL was killed in Somalia operation Georgia DOT seeks community input on improvements for State Route 20 west of Cumming Georgia BASS Nation State Classic comes to Lanier this fall $5 purchase turns into $10,000 for Gainesville Rubber Duck Derby winner Hall County hosting Public Open House for comprehensive plan Walmart in Dawson County evacuated after threat, reopens after three hours The Walmart off Georgia 400 in Dawson County was evacuated for more than three hours Sunday night after an apparent threat to the store. By AccessWDUN staff 6:27AM ( 2 months ago ) UPDATE: Investigators classify device found in Gainesville home as an 'improvised explosive' Authorities still don't have much to say about a device found in a Gainesville house that prompted a neighborhood evacuation Monday night, but now they are calling the device an "improvised explosive." By B.J. Williams 2:25PM ( 4 months ago ) Local hotels have little or no room for hurricane evacuees Residents from coastal Georgia and coastal South Carolina are doing their best to find inland hotels as they try to get out of the way of Hurricane Matthew, but they aren't having much luck in Gainesville. By B.J. Williams 1:00PM ( 7 months ago ) UPDATE: Banks Crossing businesses reopen after evacuation State experts have determined a package placed at a Banks Crossing fast food restaurant Wednesday morning was not explosive. By Rob Moore 2:07PM ( 1 year ago ) Local crews working to help restore power in south Georgia Sawnee EMC sends close to 20 contractor crews to the Georgia coastline to deal with massive power outages as Hurricane Hermine wrecks havoc. By Colin Ochs 6:33PM ( 8 months ago ) Privacy | User Agreement | Contact | Advertise With Us 2017 © Jacobs Media Corporation. All rights reserved. EEO Report. Website by Full Media Login / My Access close Home Listen Live News + Local & State National International Business Entertainment Health Food Inspections Obituaries Politics + 2016 Voter's Guide Sports + Friday Game Night High School Sports Around The Track College Sports Professional Sports Weather WDUN Show Clips Staff Blogs Classifieds Biz Directory Calendar About Us + Contact Us Advertise with Us Follow us on social media My Access Search Join Us Online Facebook Twitter
MLive Michigan Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Menu Home Set Your Edition Michigan News Sports High School Sports Weather Business Obituaries/In Memoriam Jobs Autos Real Estate Entertainment Food & Dining Lifestyle Opinion Photos & Videos Become a Member Classifieds Celebrations Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Automotive Crime Databases Education Environment Health Lottery Obituaries Politics & Elections U.S. & World Weather Regions News subscriptions Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Grand Rapids-Area Towns Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Lions Pistons Red Wings Tigers Broncos Cardinals Chippewas Eagles Lakers Spartans Wolverines Small Colleges More Sports Back to Main Menu Auto Racing Boxing Golf Outdoors West Michigan Whitecaps Great Lakes Loons Grand Rapids Griffins Kalamazoo Cobras Kalamazoo Wings Muskegon Lumberjacks Saginaw Spirit Flint Firebirds Kalamazoo Growlers Grand Rapids Drive Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Tennis Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Girls Water Polo Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Wrestling Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Competitive Cheer Girls Gymnastics Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Girls Golf Boys Tennis Boys Water Polo Field Hockey Boys Rugby Equestrian Back to Main Menu Forecasts from Mark Torregrossa Michigan Weather News Radar & More Back to Main Menu Automotive Statewide Ann Arbor Jackson & Lansing Metro Detroit Mid-Michigan West Michigan More Business Back to Main Menu Business Resource Center Michigan Jobs Press Releases Back to Main Menu View current obituaries Place obituary Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Dining Out Event Listings Post an Event Michigan's Best Movies & Reviews Television Music & Reviews Comics Celebrities Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking & Recipes Healthy Eating Michigan's Best Beer Drinks Wine Back to Main Menu Celebrations Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Back to Main Menu By Region Back to Main Menu Statewide Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Back to Main Menu Videos Ann Arbor Photos Bay City Photos Detroit Photos Flint Photos Grand Rapids Photos Jackson Photos Kalamazoo Photos Lansing Photos Muskegon Photos Saginaw Photos Back to Main Menu Manage your Subscriptions My Michigan Membership Benefits eReplica Newsletters Our Newspapers RSS Feeds Back to Main Menu Ann Arbor/Detroit Jackson/Lansing Flint Saginaw Bay City Grand Rapids Muskegon Kalamazoo/Battle Creek Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw All Michigan Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MLive Account Sign In Close Sign in to MLive You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News Michigan Change Region comments SpartanNash taps Walmart executive for leadership position Tom-Lee_4-2017.jpg SpartanNash has tapped Walmart executive Tom Lee as the grocer's new senior vice president of supply chain. (Courtesy | SpartanNash) Print Email Shandra Martinez | smartinez@mlive.com By Shandra Martinez | smartinez@mlive.com The Grand Rapids Press on May 06, 2017 at 3:24 PM, updated May 06, 2017 at 7:20 PM comments BYRON TOWNSHIP, MI -- SpartanNash has tapped Walmart executive Tom Lee as the grocer's new senior vice president of supply chain. He will be responsible for developing and implementing strategies for supply chain management, with a focus on enhancing and expanding the company's network to support customers' growth initiatives while improving efficiency and reducing cost, according to SpartanNash. Lee will oversee SpartanNash's supply chain, logistics, transportation and inventory management departments. He will report to Dave Staples, who will take over as SpartanNash's chief executive officer in May. "Tom is a proven leader with a strong track record in supply chain and merchandising functions," Staples said in a statement. "His experience in instituting strategic supply chain growth and efficiency initiatives will help SpartanNash continue to grow in our wholesale, retail and military segments and build upon existing relationships with our customers." For the past two years, Lee served as vice president of merchandising operations and U.S. e-commerce for Walmart, the world's biggest brick-and-mortar retailer. Before that, Lee was Walmart's vice president of supply chain innovations and global e-commerce. He has also held supply chain leadership positions for Henry Schein and Office Depot and has been a senior-level consultant for both Ernst & Young and KPMG. Lee holds a master's degree in executive managerial business administration from Vanderbilt University and a bachelor's degree in economics from Emory University. Lee's May 1 arrival comes after the recent departure of Derek Jones, SpartanNash's president of wholesale and distribution operations. Jones left in March to become president of the Portland-based Cash & Carry Smart Foodservice, a chain of low-price warehouse grocery stores on the West Coast. The Byron Township-headquartered grocery distributor operates 153 supermarkets, primarily under the banners of Family Fare Supermarket and D&W Fresh Market. Michigan Prom Prom 2017: Photos from celebrations across Michigan Michigan's Best See our choice for Michigan's Best Sub Sandwich 52 of the state's best Top 10 finalists More Michigan's Best » Find Local Homes for Sale Apartments Car Dealers Used Cars Jobs Businesses Find a job Buy or sell a car Find a place to live See what's for sale Find a business View obituaries Connect with MLive Subscribe to our newsletters Like us on Facebook Subscribe on YouTube Most Read Active Discussions About Us MLive Media Group Our Team Advertise Frequently Asked Questions Contact Us Jobs at MLive Subscriptions Newspaper | Digital Editions | eNewsletters The Ann Arbor News The Bay City Times The Flint Journal The Grand Rapids Press Jackson Citizen Patriot Kalamazoo Gazette Muskegon Chronicle The Saginaw News MLive Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Deals Local Businesses Business Resource Center Your Regional News Pages Ann Arbor Bay City Detroit Flint Grand Rapids Jackson Kalamazoo Lansing Muskegon Saginaw Mobile Mobile apps | Tablet apps More on MLive Photos Video Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/Rent your home Apartments and Rentals Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | YouTube Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MLive Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MLive Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local State & Regional Business Government & Politics National World Sports Griz High School Local College National Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Cartoons Columnists Obituaries Entertainment Calendar Music Arts and Theatre Movies TV People Books Games Corridor Magazine Games & Puzzles Features Territory Outdoors Food Weddings Buy & Sell Classifieds Business Directory Today's Deal Place an Ad Autos Homes Rentals Open Houses Newspaper Ads Weekly Ads Jobs Top Jobs Work for Us e-Edition Special Publications Contact Contact Us Subscribe Carrier Opportunities Dealer Services Email Newsletters Customer service Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 49° Missoula, MT (59801) Today Overcast. A stray shower or thunderstorm is possible. High 57F. Winds NW at 10 to 15 mph.. Tonight Mostly clear skies. Low 34F. Winds N at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: May 6, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Obituaries Buy/Sell Close We Care We Care: Single, disabled mom needs safe vehicle TANDY KHAMENEH newsdesk@missoulian.com 15 hrs ago A single, disabled mother with two young children is in need of a safe and affordable car. If you can donate a car or minivan, please call Darin at Winds of Change, 406-721-2038. *** A single foster parent of a high needs child needs a queen size bed including a set of sheets and comforter, a desk and chair and a bedside lamp. If you can help, call Danelle Danzer, Family Resource Specialist, Child and Family Services, 406-329-1279. *** A young woman who struggles with anxiety and depression is looking for a studio space to work on her art. She can rent a small art space for $225 per month at the Northern Rockies Heritage Center. We are looking for any donations to assist with renting this studio space. Additionally, any donations of art supplies would be greatly appreciated. Painting helps manage her symptoms of anxiety and depression, so any donations would be therapeutic in managing these symptoms. Please contact Ashley at Winds of Change, 406-210-7975. *** A disabled woman who has chronic hip and back pain is looking for different donations in order to improve her health including a Fitbit that has a heart monitor, in order to assist her in becoming healthier and being able to monitor her health easier. A Fitbit that has a heart monitor will cost $149.52 at Walmart. Additionally, she is also in need of a Serenity queen mattress and 9 inch bed frame, in order to help support her back while she sleeps. Denver Mattress has both the mattress and the frame that would work for this woman and the cost for both items together is $299. This woman also has very sensitive skin and gets severe sunburns easily. As she is trying to improve her health by getting outside, she needs an extra-large umbrella to protect her from the sun as she is allergic to sunscreen. The price of an extra large umbrella ranges from $20.99-$35 at Walmart. Any donations for these items would be greatly appreciated. Please contact Ashley at Winds of Change, 406-210-7975. *** A disabled community member, living in a local group home, is using a loaner bed at the present time. If you have a double/queen sized bed (mattress, box springs and frame) in good condition, that you would be willing to donate to our client, please call Sue at Home and Community Based Services, 406-327-4697. If possible, donated linens to fit the bed would be appreciated. *** Child and Family Service Network, a division of Western Montana Mental Health Center has a family of four in need of a space heater for their home. They have depleted all funds and are unable to pay for one on their own. If you are able to help, please contact Danielle at 406-532-9770. *** A client needs an AT&T pre-paid phone card ($45). She is currently looking for housing and having a working phone is a priority in order to help her with that. If you can help, call 406-599-9106. *** A disabled mother needs assistance purchasing a phone card in order to stay in touch with her mental health case manager and to ensure she makes it to appointments.  A disabled mother needs assistance paying for her vehicle to be fixed so she can make it to all her of medical and mental health appointments. The cost to replace her gas tank is $450, any donations will be greatly appreciated.   A disabled mother needs assistance paying her power bill.   A single, disabled mother needs assistance paying her rent. She is currently eight months behind on rent, however her landlord is willing to work with her. If you can help any of these clients, please contact Becca with Winds of Change at 406-926-9927 or rkwon@windsofchangemontana.com. *** Full Circle Counseling Solutions is seeking donations for a local family in desperate need of laundry hampers, storage bins/organizational materials, cleaning supplies, and a baby gate. This is a single-parent family with four children with mental health issues and developmental delays. Donations may include new or gently used laundry hampers, storage bins/organizational materials, cleaning supplies, a baby gate, gift card, cash or check that can be mailed to or dropped off at Full Circle Counseling Solutions at 100 Consumer Direct Way Suite 160. For questions or additional information, please call 406-590-5713. *** A young family recently moved into their own trailer with their newborn. The family is in need of a stove, furniture, kitchen table, dishes and kitchen supplies. Please contact Tara at 406-830-5786, if you can help. *** Several young parents are in need of gas cards for transportation to work and school, medical appointments, parenting classes, and other family obligations. WORD is accepting gas cards of any amount or donations for gas cards. $250 allows us to help 20-30 families with transportation for a month. Please contact Becky at WORD, 406-544-5617. *** A young mom is in need of a vacuum. If you can help, please contact Tara at 406-830-5786. *** WORD is looking for donations of flowers/plants that we can give to 15 young moms in need for a Mother’s Day celebration. Please contact Becky at WORD, 406-544-5617. *** A homeless family with a child with severe disabilities has finally established a home to move into but needs assistance paying off the bill at Flathead Inn where they have been staying. For confidentiality purposes, the Flathead Inn will keep the client's name anonymous, however you can call the Inn at 406-883-6266 and ask to "make a donation/payment to bill of "AWARE client with disabilities who was in room 108." For more information, call Shelista Ochse, case manager at AWARE Inc. at 406-543-2202, Ext. 2012 or email sochese@aware-inc.org. *** A disabled, single mom of two is struggling due to a broken down washer and dryer. She is seeking a skilled individual to diagnose and repair appliances if possible. The mom is also seeking a new mattress and box spring as she has been sleeping on the couch. Any assistance is appreciated. Contact Hannah at 406-543-2202, Ext. 2109. *** A family of four is looking for a donation of two weighted blankets. The blankets would help immensely and would be greatly appreciated. The boys weigh 120 pounds and 155 pounds. If you are able to help with a financial donation or with a blanket, please contact Liz at 406-830-7387. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 You must be logged in to react. Click any reaction to login. Tags Mattress Economics Commerce Need Queen Mom Assistance Box Spring Supply Most Popular Gerald Joseph Hamel Missoula probation office intern accused of sex with client Time to vote for Prep Athletes of the Week Setting record straight on Quist University of Montana students counter messages from out-of-state 'brothers' promotion Missoula Memories The Missoulian is proud to announce a beautiful, hardcover historic retrospective of Missoula. promotion Virtual Career Fair Looking for a new job?  Check out the online career fair today! © 2017 Lee Enterprises | Terms | Privacy Sites & Partners Ravalli Republic Auto Finder Montana Magazine Health Resource Guide Missoula Public Art Guide Services Contact Us E-edition Subscribe RSS © Copyright 2017 Missoulian, 500 S. Higgins Missoula, MT | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev GOP targets school lunch rules, opening bigger debate Mpls., St. Paul schools not alone in budget-balancing mode Dai Thao says he will continue his run for St. Paul mayor despite allegations In Quebec, one who turned away from extremism helps others find the path From toilet water to tap water? Minn. considers wastewater reuse In the final stretch, it's a scramble to track Minnesota Legislature Is it finally time to forgive Jay Leno? Are you ready when disaster hits? These Minn. preppers are Scoggins: Sherels, Thielen offer Vikings tryout players some hope Tevlin: Dear Reps. Paulsen, Emmer and Lewis, spare us the crowing over your 'health' bill What's a fair salary to run a nonprofit? CEOs explain their pay next Business 421483203 Target Restock bringing household supplies to a doorstep near you Retailer to start testing online buying for everyday household staples.  By Kavita Kumar Star Tribune May 6, 2017 — 12:53pm Glen Stubbe, Dml - Star Tribune Star Tribune The Target run — a ritual for many families to stock up on everything from laundry detergent to toilet paper — will soon have a more direct online counterpart: Target Restock, which is similar to Amazon’s Pantry program for Prime members. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint The Target run — a ritual for many families to stock up on everything from laundry detergent to toilet paper — will soon have a more direct online counterpart. Possibly as soon as next month, Target Corp. will start testing Target Restock, which is similar to Amazon’s Pantry program for Prime members. Like many other retailers, Target has seen the rising interest among consumers to not just buy books and electronics online, but also increasingly many of those mundane household staples. The challenge has been how to make doing so convenient for customers and cost effective for the retailer. Toward that end, through Target Restock, customers will be able to fill a large box of a specific size with as many items as can fit in it, choosing from more than 8,000 household essentials, beauty and personal care items and dry grocery products. The box, which is limited to 45 pounds, will then be shipped for a flat fee and arrive on their doorsteps by the next day if they place their order by 1:30 p.m. Target hasn’t yet set the fee for the service, but says it will be competitively priced. Amazon Pantry, which the online juggernaut first launched in 2014 to members of its Prime program, charges $5.99 a box. Target Restock will initially be limited to Redcard holders and will first be rolled out possibly as soon as next month. The service also will be tested in smaller markets in Minnesota such as in Red Wing and St. Cloud. “Target is smart, albeit late, to create an offering like this,” said Sucharita Mulpuru, an independent retail analyst. “Those consumables are a huge part of what drives shoppers to a Target store. As more shoppers are going online, they need to make sure they’re not losing share to Amazon or Wal-Mart and others.” Target’s Redcard holders can already get free shipping on online orders. Target also partners with third-party service Instacart in a handful of markets to deliver primarily grocery items, but also a small selection of household essentials, in as little as an hour or two. It also offers a subscription service in which customers can schedule regular deliveries of specific items like diapers or razor blades. Mike McNamara, Target’s chief information and digital officer, said Target Restock is another option for consumers with the goal of providing faster delivery, as well as convenience since the variety of items arrive in one box, instead of in several smaller shipments. At the same time, Target is trying to drive more traffic back to its stores as it invests in things such as store remodels and launching new brands. McNamara noted that many consumers will continue to opt to go to the store to restock their cupboards. And for those who choose to do so through Target Restock, he thinks customers will still want to visit the store to make other purchases. “People enjoy going to Target to buy apparel, toys, games, lots of things,” he said. “I’m not so sure people have a huge amount of enjoyment about buying toothpaste. What Restock does is it gives you a choice to take some of the drudgery out of that weekly shop, and then you leave all of the fun back in the store so going to the store is a more pleasurable experience.” For Target, it’s also more efficient to ship several items to customers together in one box rather than sending numerous smaller orders. “Encouraging guests to put together a larger cart of goods or a larger box of goods gives a higher order value and that makes good financial sense,” McNamara said. “It’s one of those things you come across that is great for guests and it’s great for Target.” Finding a way to more profitably sell goods online is a top priority for Target, which struggled with squeezed profits and falling sales in the last year. Target executives recently rolled back their profit goals for the upcoming year as Target lowers prices to be more competitive with Wal-Mart and as online shopping continues to erode its margins. On Sunday, Target is also raising its free shipping threshold for online orders to $35, bringing it in line with Wal-Mart and Amazon. A couple of years ago, Target had lowered its free shipping minimum to $25 to help encourage shoppers to make online purchases. Wal-Mart also has been stepping up its game online as it looks to directly take on Amazon. Last year, it bought Jet.com, an online marketplace that focuses on restocking everyday essentials and that encourages customers to buy more items at once by giving discounts for adding more items to their basket. Meanwhile, Amazon has been experimenting with Dash buttons, Wi-Fi connected devices that customers can place around their house to quickly reorder specific pantry or household products. In addition, it has updated its Pantry program so customers can get free delivery if they buy five qualifying items. A Kantar Retail survey last summer found that about 5 percent of all shoppers, and 13 percent of Prime members, had used Amazon Pantry. The consulting firm also found that products sold through Pantry were very competitively priced, and in some cases slightly lower, compared to Wal-Mart. So Target needs to make sure that the products in its own Restock program are also competitively priced, especially since many Target shoppers are also Prime members, said Leon Nicholas, chief insights officer for Kantar. “There’s got to be a reason for an Amazon shopper to switch from Pantry to this,” he said. The 5 percent discount that Redcard holders enjoy could be an added incentive. Target’s McNamara notes another advantage is that the retailer will be leveraging its vast store network to fulfill these orders. “That means we have to travel a shorter distance with the Restock box than some of our competitors, so we can get it to you quicker,” he said. Amazon Pantry does not offer expedited delivery since it uses ground shipping. Target has quickly built out Restock over the last few months. In January, a small team of about 15 began working on the idea. By March, the retailer began testing it among headquarters employees. “We’ve learned a ton in a couple of short months,” said McNamara. “We’ve gone at it really quick and really scrappy.” Over time, Target expects to be able to personalize the experience based on a customer’s past purchases to make it even faster and more convenient. The team also hopes to be able to add beverages to the list of eligible products. But first, Target is eager to see how customers in the Twin Cities receive the program. If it goes well, executives hope to quickly expand it to more markets. “We’re going to go as fast as we possibly can,” McNamara said. “But it really depends on whether we’ve got a proposition that our guest thinks is fantastic.”  kavita.kumar@startribune.com kavitakumar View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends Tevlin: Dear Reps. Paulsen, Emmer and Lewis, spare us the crowing over your 'health' bill Is it finally time to forgive Jay Leno? Vikings RB coach Kennedy Polamalu, rookie Cook 'off to something special' St. Paul mansion, condemned, then restored, hits market for $1.75M No prison, maybe no jail for Minn. homeowner who fatally shot fleeing teen intruder Target pledges to remove PFCs, other chemicals from products Black Friday still demands attention, and for good reason Target offers free shipping on online orders this week Twin Cities home sales fell in July as shortage of properties catches up to market Target pushes north of the border More From Business National May 6 AP FACT CHECK: Squishy claims follow health care bill They promised you a rose garden, from the Rose Garden. National May 6 Democrats see opposition to GOP health bill as winning issue It's "Trumpcare" now, and Republicans have to answer for it. Business May 6 Why the war on poverty is about to get harder In the past few decades something amazing has happened. The share and the number of extremely poor people in the world (on the current definition,… Business May 6 Sonos playbase is all-in-one speaker for your TV SONOS PLAYBASE $699 All-in-one speaker for your television Sonos is the gold standard for multiroom audio. And now it has introduced a one-piece TV speaker… Business May 6 IBM stock falls after Buffett sells off shares Low oil: Murphy Oil shares fell 5 percent to $24.46 Thursday after the company reported a bigger-than-expected quarterly loss, despite a rise in revenue. Falling… Related Coverage Target CEO made $9.1M last year, but didn't get incentive bonus May. 2 Most Read Robotic software sweeping large accounting firms and clients • Business 3M says pension plan is under U.S. Labor Department investigation • Business At the U, students become consultants for Minnesota businesses • Business Target to start testing regular delivery of everyday items • Business Schafer: Sloppiness brings down a champion of integrity • Business World As Afghan stalemate grinds on, Trump mulls additional troops Nigeria says 82 Chibok girls free in Boko Haram exchange Nation Tornado warning accuracy has declined 'rather significantly' over last decade Michigan targets parents in genital mutilation investigation Politics Emboldened by Trump, states attack environmental rules In the final stretch, it's a scramble to track Minnesota Legislature markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Twins Before Sunday's main event, Red Sox knock out Twins in undercard Tonkin is latest longtime Twins player sent packing Vikings Vikings RB coach Kennedy Polamalu, rookie Cook 'off to something special' Scoggins: Sherels, Thielen offer Vikings tryout players some hope MN United Minnesota is home away from home for several United FC soccer players Dos Santos, Galaxy rally for 2-2 draw with Fire Celebrities Kanye West's Twitter, Instagram accounts go dark Streisand ponders 'what might have been' with Clinton Super Bowl LII Super Bowl group quietly plans sex trafficking prevention efforts Super Bowl Host Committee will pay back Minneapolis $5 million for services poll Poll: Should the name of Lake Calhoun be changed? 10,000 Takes Why men like me should talk openly about depression Minneapolis caterer recalls four unforgettable, regrettable '80s proms Featured Gallery Jewish holiday of Passover begins with traditional Seder meal 6 photos Passover, a week-long holiday which commemorates the liberation of the Jewish ... Featured Video Miss Minnesota USA's first contestant with Down syndrome 02:46 Mikayla Holmgren demonstrates some dance moves for the camera at Bethel University. Magazine Floodgates are about to open on Prince's career after death MPR's Cathy Wurzer talks about life, death and Mountain Dew StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Links 5/6/17 - 05/06/2017 - Yves Smith Book Review: Game of Mates - 05/06/2017 - Yves Smith Growing Inequality Under Global Capitalism - 05/06/2017 - Yves Smith NY Times Lets a Charter School Propagandist Distort the Facts on Its Op-Ed Page - 05/06/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/5/2017 - 05/05/2017 - Lambert Strether Is the Great China Crash Upon Us? - 05/05/2017 - Yves Smith Links 5/5/17 - 05/05/2017 - Lambert Strether Private Equity Clutching Pearls Over Sweden Ending Carried Interest Loophole - 05/05/2017 - Yves Smith Why Are The Oil Markets Crashing? - 05/05/2017 - Yves Smith Links 5/6/17 Posted on May 6, 2017 by Yves Smith New Museum of Failure Credit Slips PIOMAS May 2017 Arctic Sea Ice Blog (Chuck L) UAE to DRAG ICEBERG from Antarctica to solve water shortage set to last 25 years Daily Express Climate of Complete Incomprehension Peter Dorman, Econospeak There’s a 25 percent chance your water system violated the Safe Drinking Water Act. Grist What happens when you bring meditation to public schools YouTube (furzy) The work of monitoring violence online can cause real trauma. And Facebook is hiring. Washington Post (furzy) Aspirin May Prevent Cancer from Spreading, New Research Shows Scientific American China? The dog didn’t bark: What pressure from China on Pyongyang? Asia Times Europeans rediscover enthusiasm for globalisation Bruegel French Election Macron condemns ‘massive’ hacking attack as documents leaked BBC. My guess is a data dump this close to the election won’t have much impact, even if the information is very salacious. Too late for it to be analyzed and propagate all that well. Macron’s campaign says it has been hit by ‘massive’ hack of emails and documents Washington Post (furzy) Macron came to Greece’s aid during our crisis. The French left should back him Yanis Varoufakis, Guardian (Sid S) Brexit Jean-Claude Juncker: ‘English is losing importance’ Politico (Dan K). Juncker twits the Brits. UK Elections I am a strong, stable, paranoid lunatic, says May Daily Mash May on course for landslide The Times May could get her mandate – and still be plagued by Brexiteer backbenchers Guardian (Richard Smith) Results in England, Wales and Scotland – and what do they mean for the general election? Telegraph Syraqistan RUSSIA-BACKED SYRIAN SAFE ZONES PLAN GOES INTO EFFECT Associated Press (furzy). Note NATO member Turkey is working with Russia and Iran. US-led coalition warplanes banned from Syria safe zones – Russian envoy RT (furzy) New Cold War US-Russia: Military tensions Defend Democracy Trudeau Mulls Coal Ban in Retaliation for U.S. Lumber Tariffs Bloomberg Big Brother is Watching You Watch A guide to escaping Facebook’s evil clutches without, erm, actually deleting it New Statesman. For the life of me, I do not understand why anyone needs to use FB or specifically “needs” to share photos. Even though Facebook allows users to delete accounts, as opposed to merely deactivating it, one NC reader complained that FB restored it years later over his objections. Have you heard of any similar experiences? It is possible this individual deactivated it rather than deleting it, but even so, having FB put it back up and resist efforts to take it back down sounds ugly. Walmart wants to put sensors on everything so it can automatically order you stuff The Verge (Chuck L). Another reason not to shop at Walmart. My understanding is a good strong magnet will fry most chips, but obviously don’t try this with anything electronic. Fans of Cryptonomicon may remember the scene when the cops show up to collect the computer gear of someone who has become an object of their interest. His door is armed to create a magnetic field (I forget if it its default was to be on or not), plus his buddies showed up with a truck with what amounted to a magnetic bomb, which emitted a large pulse and fried all the computers in range. The book was written before the days of smartphones and cars chock full of telematics, so a truck bomb now would clearly be deemed as vandalism or worse. But I like the idea of having an armed doorway and being able to disable consumer goods designed to spy on you. For those of us who don’t have smartphones, this would be a lot easier to manage (as to when to have it on v. off) than for the rest of the public. Leaked document reveals UK plans for wider internet surveillance ZDNet (Chuck L) FBI says email scammers stung businesses for $5bn over 4 years The Register (Dan K). I get fake invoices regularly, and they are at the level of sophistication the many variations of the Nigerian e-mail scam (the ones that amuse me the most are the ones that say Janet Yellen or Steve Mnuchin wants to send me money). I can’t believe anyone falls for this stuff but obviously they do. Perhaps a tiny subset is more credible (as in they find actual approved vendors of Big Cos). And to put this in perspective, one of Richard Smith’s bigger international scams was 3 billion pounds back in the day when that would be more like $4.5 billion… Regulating the internet giants: The world’s most valuable resource is no longer oil, but data Economist (furzy) Trump Transition Atheists Sue President Trump Over His ‘Religious Liberty’ Executive Order Daily Beast Trump-Russia investigation reignites as Senate asks aides to hand over notes Guardian Trump transition raised flags about Flynn Russia contacts Associated Press (Dan K) Dems Having Difficult Time Capitalizing on Trump Presidency of Blunders WhoWhatWhy. Because they are too busy looking for Russians under every bed. GE CEO: ‘President Trump is right’ on trade Business Insider Trump busting presidential norms with weekend getaways Politco Stephen Colbert’s Diatribe Against Trump to Be Reviewed by FCC Bloomberg State Department Promotes Ivanka Trump’s Book In Another Ethics Blunder Huffington Post (furzy) Obamacare Trump: ‘Everybody’ has better healthcare than US The Hill Senate Republicans doubtful of American Health Care Act BBC. Senators are not willing to be cannon fodder for House Freedom Caucus ideologues. Senate GOP rejects House Obamacare bill Politco Five changes the Senate could make to the ObamaCare repeal bill The Hill. Headline a bit weird since the Senate Republicans have said they are drafting their own bill. New York AG: I’ll sue if Senate passes ObamaCare repeal The Hill Court Rules Trump State Dept Must Release Clinton Emails of Obama Response to Benghazi CNS News. Furzy note all conservative sites are running this story but wonders if it is really favorable for Trump. Police State Watch Watch a cop’s staged body cam footage made “to look like it was done in real-time“ ars technica. Yuk. Black Injustice Tipping Point This Problem Isn’t Going Away: Heartless Police Shootings of Unarmed Black Americans Continue Into the Trump Era Alternet. The Dems domesticating Black Lives Matter was no accident. To be resolved: Puerto Rico declares bankruptcy at last Economist (furzy) Puerto Rico to close 179 public schools amid crisis ABC (furzy) Suddenly, Oil Below $40 a Barrel Doesn’t Seem So Far-Fetched Bloomberg Gender inequality is holding back US economy, Yellen warns Financial Times U.S. Economy Poised for Spring Rebound as Jobless Rate Falls Wall Street Journal. Cheerleading is premature with weak wage growth. April Payrolls Bounce, Revisions Take March Lower: Hiring Increasingly Volatile Michael Shedlock Wells Fargo warns legal bill could swell by $200m Financial Times Guillotine Watch At $495, Lonzo Ball’s ZO2 Sneakers Have Tastemakers Saying No Thanks New York Times. EM: “All before the fellow has played a single NBA game. I’m having a hard time deciding which is mire guillotine-watch-worthy, the brazen money-grabbing of Ball or the corporate analog of same epitomized by Nike. The author seems similarly conflicted.” More than 60 Fall CS50 Enrollees Faced Academic Dishonesty Charges Harvard Crimson. This is 10% of the people taking the course, intro computer science. Class Warfare Vancouver Plans More Airbnb Limits to Ease Near-Zero Home Supply Bloomberg Beating Wall Street Means Fighting the Extraction of Wealth From Communities of Color Truthout Trump’s new opioids strategy ‘devastates’ advocates Politico The Sanders Campaign, Greater Appalachia and Young Workers Counterpunch Antidote du jour. Timotheus: This is the new brood of cygnets from Story Lake, Indiana. It is the same adult pair that has lived on the lake for 20 years (and that you have featured twice before). Once they are grown, the adults chase off the new generation so they go find their own habitat. And a bonus antidote from furzy: It’s fall in Japan. And like every fall, rice is harvested, leaving behind straw to be hung and dried. In some rural areas, though, the rice straw has a special use: Making giant beasts. Kagawa Prefecture and Niigata Prefecture have the most famous “straw art festivals,” which are large straw sculpture displays. Traditionally, straw was used to thatch roofs. In much the same manner, these straw sculptures are thatched around wooden frames. But instead of roofs, enormous dinosaurs, bugs, and much, much more are created. See yesterday’s Links and Antidote du Jour here. 00600 This entry was posted in Links on May 6, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← Book Review: Game of Mates Subscribe to Post Comments 215 comments Carolinian May 6, 2017 at 7:32 am Very much worth a read. http://original.antiwar.com/justin/2017/05/04/the-triumph-of-james-comey/ Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 10:11 am Carolinian May 6, 2017 at 7:32 am And yet the really interesting aspects of his testimony had to do with two questions that, in a free society, would not normally be the domain of law enforcement: 1) What should be the nature of our relations with a foreign country, i.e. Russia? And 2) what is a legitimate journalistic enterprise? “GRAHAM: Do you agree that they did not change the actual vote tally, but one day they might?*** On this last, Comey seemed to demur, but that such a question could even be asked unaccompanied by a chorus of laughter highlights the utter absurdity of the discourse in Washington …. It’s a lie that WikiLeaks releases have led to the death or endangerment of a single American anywhere: if it has, then why didn’t Comey name the victims and the circumstances? As for endangering “American interests,” the question of whether these are advanced by maintaining a worldwide regime of surveillance and repression is not something either Sen. Saase or Comey are prepared to address, and with good reason. …. That our interpretation of the First Amendment is now dependent on the olfactory sensibilities of the FBI Director highlights the fact that the real danger to our republic isn’t in Moscow, but right here in the good old United States of America. If the WikiLeaks revelations – that our government is systematically engaged in spying on us, and is involved in any number of foreign operations that violate our alleged values and even cross the line into illegality – is “intelligence porn,” then so were the Pentagon Papers. According to Comey’s logic, Daniel Ellsberg should’ve been prosecuted and convicted for revealing the truth about the Vietnam war to the American people. …. So let’s parse this. According to Comey, the distinction between WikiLeaks, and, say, the Washington Post – which has been publishing leaked information from its friends in the intelligence agencies in order to smear the President as a tool of the Kremlin – is that the latter “will almost always call us before they publish.” What this means is that Comey and company can leak whatever they want – but anything not approved by them in advance amounts to espionage. The leaking of the fact that former National Security Advisor Michael Flynn was in contact with the Russian ambassador prior to the election, and the releasing of the contents of a transcript of those calls to the media – that’s just fine and dandy. =================================================== GREAT, great article Carolinian. I am in great danger of pretty much cutting and pasting the entire article – practically every word exposes the hypocrisy and sheer idiocy, or mendacity of Comey and the senators who “question” him. *** If Graham had a brain – which is like saying if a horse’s anus had a human head and arms and legs, it would be a human – maybe Graham could ask how much Goldman Sachs and the 0.1% influences elections in the US…. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood May 6, 2017 at 11:33 am “According to Comey’s logic, Daniel Ellsberg should’ve been prosecuted and convicted for revealing the truth about the Vietnam war to the American people.” Ellsberg WAS prosecuted in US district court of Southern Calif. under the Espionage Act of 1917. The judge ended up dismissing the case owing to prosecutorial misconduct [not sharing pertinent evidence with the defense] and illegal wiretapping of Ellsberg. A revealing snippet from the Wikipedia account: Ellsberg tried to claim that the documents were illegally classified to keep them not from an enemy but from the American public. However, that argument was ruled “irrelevant.” Ellsberg was silenced before he could begin. According to Ellsberg, his “lawyer, exasperated, said he ‘had never heard of a case where a defendant was not permitted to tell the jury why he did what he did.’ The judge responded: Well, you’re hearing one now. And so it has been with every subsequent whistleblower under indictment.” What was shocking in 1973 is now standard procedure. Federal criminal statutes now specify allowable defenses; no others can be raised. Classic example: the federal prosecution of Ed Rosenthal, who was licensed by the City of Oakland to grow cannabis. Since authorization under state law was (and remains today) no defense in federal court, Rosenthal was obliged to sit mutely while prosecutors painted him as an ordinary trafficker. After learning the suppressed facts upon leaving the courtroom, an outraged jury held a press conference to denounce their own verdict, based on the lies by omission of the “win at any cost” federal prosecutor. “Federal justice” is an oxymoron. Reply ↓ Katharine May 6, 2017 at 2:56 pm I should think it would be worth a try for the defendant to make the statement quickly before the judge could silence him. How long does it take to say, “As a licensed grower…” or “this illegally classifed…”? The judge can rule it out, but if the jury heard something they may remember and doubt. Reading the reports of Bushell’s Case is always fun. Those folks had real gumption. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 6, 2017 at 3:02 pm Wait a second, you can’t present whatever defense you’d like in federal court?!? WTF?!? Sorry, I’m a total layman, I had no idea that defenses were restricted to only those that the government deemed acceptable. I’m shocked. This is soviet style justice with a jury that’s there purely for legitimacy optics. Reply ↓ RabidGandhi May 6, 2017 at 4:20 pm This was also yet another reason why Snowden would not have been able to get a fair trial. The Obama Justice Department intentionally charged Snowden under the Espionage Act because that law has no public interest exception, which means he would most likely be barred from telling a jury why he leaked the NSA docs and how doing so was in the public interest. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 5:59 pm Jim Haygood May 6, 2017 at 11:33 am Jim Haygood May 6, 2017 at 11:33 am I always make a point of reading Haygood comments….as I will learn something outrageous and shocking. “Ellsberg tried to claim that the documents were illegally classified to keep them not from an enemy but from the American public. However, that argument was ruled “irrelevant.” ” How relevant is that 99.99% of classified material is because our our government regards US citizens knowledge of what it is up to as dangerous to its schemes….. Reply ↓ bob May 7, 2017 at 2:32 am A more up to date version of some of the same problems- http://www.imdb.com/title/tt1460739/ The law is stacked against the defendant, even before the prosecution flexes its muscles. Add in an FBI informant/agent provocateur (BRANDON DARBY) , and it’s entrapment under every other name…. What people believe the law says, and what it really says and very effectively allows, are miles apart. Reply ↓ Olga May 6, 2017 at 11:52 am That Madison was a smart cookie (at least in some respects, and never mind the goofy musical); this certainly bears repeating, since he clearly foresaw our future: “Of all the enemies to public liberty war is, perhaps, the most to be dreaded, because it comprises and develops the germ of every other. War is the parent of armies; from these proceed debts and taxes; and armies, and debts, and taxes are the known instruments for bringing the many under the domination of the few. In war, too, the discretionary power of the Executive is extended; its influence in dealing out offices, honors, and emoluments is multiplied; and all the means of seducing the minds, are added to those of subduing the force, of the people…. [There is also an] inequality of fortunes, and the opportunities of fraud, growing out of a state of war, and … degeneracy of manners and of morals…. No nation could preserve its freedom in the midst of continual warfare.” I’d say we’ve arrived… Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL May 6, 2017 at 4:40 pm Superb. Yet another reason that everyone should put aside their differences (R v. D, black v. white, male v. female, gay v. straight, rich v. poor) and get behind the one single issue that unites and solves, that is dead simple to understand and articulate and litmus test: #NotAgainiStan Reply ↓ funemployed May 6, 2017 at 7:35 am The world’s most valuable resource is neither oil nor data, but fresh water. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 6, 2017 at 7:46 am Well, “most valuable” requires some definition, but all else being equal, I’d say it’s soil. You can make fresh water from seawater, capture it from the air, or go lasso an iceberg, but you can’t make good soil, not in a hurry, anyway. Reply ↓ XXYY May 6, 2017 at 10:17 am Small amounts of fresh water can be made the ways you describe, perhaps enough for urban or industrial use, but the vast amounts needed for agriculture need to be naturally occurring (rain, surface, or subterranean). Surface and subterranean sources are under severe threat in most parts of the world, the former from draught and reduced snowpacks and the latter from decades of overpumping. As a rule of thumb, it takes 1000 tons of water to produce 1 ton of grain. By far the easiest way to import water is to import grain. Not disagreeing about topsoil! Not only is it vital, but it’s also something no one ever talks about. I know China, for one, has been overgrazing (mainly sheep, I think!) for decades and their topsoil is now blowing away like mad. Reply ↓ John k May 6, 2017 at 2:41 pm Read a while ago that when farming began in the midweat there was an average of six feet of topsoil, glacier legacy. Now three feet, the loss transported to Gulf of Mexico. Reply ↓ Katharine May 6, 2017 at 3:08 pm Six feet may have been average, but I seem to recall that there were places where it was twenty. Improved practices after the Dust Bowl didn’t last, but there seems to be another effort being made–less tillage, more natural fertilizer (I don’t know why but have heard that manure produces better yields than chemical fertilizer in a drought year), cover crops. They won’t see a return to what they did have, at least in any of our lifetimes, but if they can even slightly reverse the losses it would be good. Reply ↓ Parker Dooley May 6, 2017 at 3:37 pm Jared Diamond’s book “Collapse” has a photograph showing the extent of soil loss in one area — sorry I don’t have the book available to quote the caption. Anyway, it is of a church sitting at the original level, surrounded by a field at the current level. Looks like about 8-10 feet, as I recall. Reply ↓ Bunk McNulty May 7, 2017 at 12:36 am The Pioneer Valley area of Central Massachusetts, through which the Connecticut River flows, has topsoil 17 feet deep. Can someone tell me why? And for how long? I would guess it was in part because of climate, in part because of what use the land has been put to. I moved here three years ago, and as best I can tell commercial-scale growing is mostly done by potato farmers with Polish surnames. Reply ↓ different clue May 7, 2017 at 1:46 am I suspect some of the loss could be oxidation in place. The Iowa topsoil used to be 5-6% biocarbon. Endless rounds of tillage and chemo-zapping with nitrogen fertilizer drives oxidation of the carbon in the soil, turning it into CO2 and dumping it right straight up into the sky overhead. A lost of topsoil disappearance could be the topsoil losing its carbon to the air above and collapsing and deflating like a fallen soufle’ . Reply ↓ different clue May 7, 2017 at 1:50 am That rule of thumb seems confused, somehow. If it takes a thousand tons of water to produce 1 ton of grain, why doesn’t 1 ton of grain weigh a thousand tons? If you are importing water by importing grain, how much does the water weigh? And why doesn’t the grain weigh exactly that much if importing the grain is importing the water? Reply ↓ Jef May 6, 2017 at 10:57 am We will never run out of water in the same way that we will never run out of oil. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMay 6, 2017 at 5:33 pm Potable water is the world’s most constrained resource and will come under pressure on current trajectories by 2050, if not sooner. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 6, 2017 at 6:36 pm By the equation, he means that it will be available but more and more scarce and expensive – eg, towing icebergs (lots of gee-whiz there – I really wonder how they plan to, umm, pull that off). Similarly, oil won’t be gone; it’ll just be not worth extracting. Reply ↓ neighbor7 May 6, 2017 at 8:55 pm At the end of “The Big Short” Michael Burry (Christian Bale) is revealed to be investing in water… Reply ↓ Ancient 1 May 6, 2017 at 9:27 pm That is the reason T. Boone Pickings has been buying up water rights left and right these last few years. His new commodity for making more money.The world will have a critical shortage of water resources sooner than later. but no one seems concerned except when the wells run dry Reply ↓ AnnieB May 6, 2017 at 7:06 pm There’s oil, then there’s recoverable oil. Recoverable oil is shale oil, ie. fracked oil. “World oil demand is about 90 million barrels a day, suggesting the world shale oil resource covers 10.5 years of consumption.” http://www.cnbc.com/id/100804970 That’s 10.5 years of current consumption at the current price. As prices go higher, consumption will likely decrease. So maybe there’s more years left. But as we say in the anti-fracking community, at what cost to the environment and to human health? Reply ↓ Carla May 6, 2017 at 7:35 am Another link to file under “Big Brother Is Watching”: https://www.theguardian.com/technology/2017/may/05/nextdoor-community-organizing-political-ads-facebook Your friendly neighborhood networking site is selling your political profile and preferences to the highest bidder. Nextdoor claims to have its foot in the door of 70% of US “neighborhoods. Bet 3rd parties and the folks at http://www.independentvoting.org can’t afford to buy. Nextdoor.com claims to have its foot in the door of 70% of US “neighborhoods” but in my ‘burb, some individual “neighborhoods” listed on the site consist of just one street, and some are districts with a couple thousand residents. Reply ↓ polecat May 6, 2017 at 11:13 am I had found one of these ‘Nextdoor.com’ ‘invitations’ in my street mailbox a few months back. While scanning over the info, got a gander of who the sponsors were …. ALL the Big Corporate entities we love to hate !!! …. and the whole promotional screed seemed … well …. kinda smarmy – part garage sale, part neighborhood watch, part direct sales !! Into the trash it went. Reply ↓ Reader May 6, 2017 at 11:16 am This doesn’t surprise me one bit. When they started recruiting in our Tucson neighborhood about 3 years ago, I checked them out. They started in the US in 2011 with funding from Benchmark Capital and Shasta Ventures. In 2015 they created a company in Ireland to serve Europe, the Middle East and Africa with plans to continue expanding to additional countries. Only members can post and view messages. From what I can tell from their public website, each neighborhood has a Lead who can see all “verified” and “unverified” neighbors and their addresses and add people to the group. They encourage members to give them contact information for non-members so they can “invite” them to join. They say they’ll delete your info if you ask but there’s also language that appears to allow them to keep unspecified info for as long as they want. They also notify the Lead if you decline or later quit. I live in a wonderful little neighborhood with an active grassroots neighbors group. For many years we’ve had an internet bulletin board where we share info on the neighborhood, social activities, group projects, crime etc. After Nextdoor came in and board activity noticeably dropped off, I asked one of their members if it had shifted to Nextdoor. I never received a response and the member went on the board, trashed it and encouraged people to join Nextdoor. So the net effect is our grassroots board is being replaced by a commercial members-only group that requires you to hand over control of your personal information in order to participate in neighborhood communication. Maybe I’m being paranoid but the whole thing creeps me out including their efforts to build a database with the photos and personal info of every household in the US and beyond. Reply ↓ Eustache de Saint Pierre May 6, 2017 at 1:26 pm Echoes of Stalin’s inform on your neighbour & the quite recently discovered fact that Gestapo stations in Germany were mainly reliant on information from good neighbours. ” What’s he building ? – Tom waits. Reply ↓ clarky90 May 6, 2017 at 2:36 pm During “The Great Terror” (1936-1938), in the Soviet Union, the branches of the NKVD were given quotas (numbers of victims) to fill, for execution or transport to the Gulag. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Purge Typically, the NKVD would arrest someone, then search for, and seize their address and telephone numbers book, and then arrest everyone in the address book. Of course they would do the same with next group of victims. The NKVD were expected to “exceed their quotas”, and they did. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Great_Purge Reply ↓ Eustache de Saint Pierre May 6, 2017 at 5:00 pm Yes, as detailed in Solzhenitsyn’s Gulag Archipelago, alongside details of those who informed on anyone out of the ordinary, someone they had a grudge against or perhaps simply out of fear to curry favour with & to protect themselves from the authorities. In Germany there are records that show a similar situation, although much less severe. Many of the around 280,000 Germans killed by the Nazis were likely to have been turned over by their own people. It was covered briefly in the BBC series ” The Nazis ” – A lesson from history “, telling the tragic tale of a woman who did not quite fit in who paid for it with her life. The Nazis managed to destroy the majority of Gestapo records, but in the above case they were interrupted by US forces. Reply ↓ makedoanmend May 6, 2017 at 6:15 pm This neighbour surveillance is not restricted to the baddies. The “goodies” do it too. The anonymously written letter to the police or other legal authorities was a fact of life in many so-called democracies. Hell, it was a favourite past time in Ireland of those who considered themselves paragons of virtue and loved to rat out their neighbours. Others used it to cast unwarranted aspersions on neighbours with whom they had a feud. If you live in the UK today, you are under constant surveillance from cameras littered throughout the country. Additionally, May & Co. want to monitor every piece of information of every subject of their realm. I’m quite sure every person residing in the UK has a profile stored by the government. Of course, the new wrinkle, abetted by ubiquitous communication technology, allows neighbours to profit off of neighbours. After all, we are now all entrepreneurs and we are all at the same time simple commodities to be used by each other in order to hoard property. This is our weal according to the current hard-fast ideology that we have all voted for in our beloved democracies. Profit knows no boundaries. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 6, 2017 at 7:36 am My understanding is a good strong magnet will fry most chips Not really. A good strong magnet will scramble data on a hard disk or the magnetic stripe of an old fashioned credit/debit card. It won’t have any effect on an RFID chip, smart phone or piece of electronics in general, except to disrupt the compass. For that you need (a carefully chosen) high intensity electromagnetic signal to disrupt its operation, or the brute force of a massive EMP (electromagnetic pulse) to fry the electronics by inducing high voltages in internal circuitry. Shielding technologies such as a Faraday cage or wrapping in conductive foil can disrupt electronics by preventing signal reception/transmission but cause no damage. Finally, you can also fry electronics with high radioactivity, x-rays, or a high intensity neutron source, but don’t try that at home. Reply ↓ Carolinian May 6, 2017 at 7:46 am Brings to mind the scene from Breaking Bad where Walt parked a truck mounted junkyard magnet next to outside wall of the police station in order to erase his laptop in the evidence room. Reply ↓ pricklyone May 7, 2017 at 1:44 am Fring’s laptop, tho… Hard drive erasure this way is in the realm of possibility, even if improbable. It’s a good thing normal magnetic fields don’t fry chips, though, as MRI scanners would cost as much as F35. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 6, 2017 at 8:23 am Replying to myself here, but I missed one useful tip. If you want to destroy any smallish piece of electronics, including RFID chips, 5 to 10 seconds on high in your microwave oven will do it reliably. Also works well for CDs and DVDs. Any longer than that and you’ll probably fry your microwave. And avoid inhaling the fumes! Reply ↓ Steve May 6, 2017 at 9:42 am Speaking as an EE, I agree with Moi. The theory is fine, a magnetic field does apply force to current carrying conductors, but it take a VERY HIGH strength field to do any damage. An air gap hugely reduces the field strength. Great plot device though. Reply ↓ Carolinian May 6, 2017 at 11:07 am Well Walt was using one of those electromagnets that junkyards employ to pick up cars….perhaps plausible enough for “suspension of disbelief.” Vince Gilligan, creator of Breaking Bad and Better Call Saul is a genius at plotting. Reply ↓ XXYY May 6, 2017 at 10:40 am While we’re (sort of) on the subject, it’s important for people to know that storage devices based on flash memory (SSDs, memory cards and sticks, phones) *cannot* be reliably erased. When you “delete” data, the file system merely marks the data as deleted; it’s still present on the chip and can be recovered with suitable tools. Because of the way wear leveling is done by the device driver, and because flash can only be erased in blocks (not bytes), it’s impossible to “overwrite” selected data as you can with older rotating magnetic disks. The probability of the data being recoverable certainly lessens over time if the storage is used for other things, but the rate depends on so many factors that you can’t count on anything. Also, of course, flash memory is unaffected by magnetic fields and so can’t be erased by bulk erasers, magnets, etc. as older magnetic disks and tape can. So flash memory is a permanent storage medium in a practical sense. AFAIK the only way to reliably delete data in flash storage is to physically destroy the memory, which can also be somewhat challenging, esp. if it’s built into your phone or something. If you are transferring data to someone else whom you don’t trust, be sure to start with a new (blank) device so other personal data doesn’t get inadvertently transferred, too. Reply ↓ Ian May 6, 2017 at 10:49 am My dad drills a hole through his hard drives when disposing computers. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 6, 2017 at 12:50 pm Yes, that or a large spike and a heavy mallet do the trick pretty nicely. Low tech seems more reliable than high for cases like this. Reply ↓ David Carl Grimes May 6, 2017 at 1:00 pm Reminds me of this Silicon Valley scene. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LG_AV0TGoow Reply ↓ paleobotanist May 6, 2017 at 2:24 pm I just washed a data stick through the washer. Maybe that will do it? Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 6, 2017 at 3:48 pm Try it and let us know. From what we just read, my guess is no, at least if it’s dry. Does the job on cell phones, though, even dumb ones. (Actually, they might be recoverable if you know how; one of mine sort of worked for days. On general principles, a bath of distilled water or alcohol, followed by thorough drying, might help) Reply ↓ hunkerdown May 6, 2017 at 9:04 pm Nah, the manufacturer already does that as part of normal assembly flow. carycat’s suggestion of thermal destruction is on point. Also consider physical grinding, which was good enough for GCHQ’s cleanup operation at The Guardian. Hard disk drive bodies make fine scrap for backyard aluminum casting. Pull the platters and either grind the surfaces off or throw them in the kiln too. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 6, 2017 at 11:34 am You can’t selectively erase, but formatting or deleting everything and then completely filling a flash device with junk files will erase anything sensitive with high probability, especially if repeated. It will also wear out the device somewhat, but that’s of little concern. Larger capacity flash devices, such as laptop disk replacements often have a manufacturer’s utility program that will secure erase, if you can trust that. And as I suggested above, a microwave will do a good job of permanently scrambling thumbdrives and other flash, even in a phone. The trick is nuking for long enough to do the job, but not long enough to destroy the microwave magnetron. Reply ↓ heresy101 May 6, 2017 at 11:56 am Maybe some of these would work for you: http://www.majorgeeks.com/files/details/active_killdisk.html — ssd disks http://www.majorgeeks.com/files/details/dariks_boot_and_nuke.html http://www.majorgeeks.com/files/details/hdshredder.html http://www.majorgeeks.com/files/details/koro_file_shredder.html http://www.majorgeeks.com/files/details/deleteonclick.html Reply ↓ carycat May 6, 2017 at 3:53 pm A fusion bomb produced EMP would definitely work, but don’t try this at home. Very, very strong magnetic field may work for old school hard disk, but not too effective on SSD. Short of physical destruction, elevated temperature is a good way to render data previously stored in the SSD unreadable. It is a matter of the physics of how SSD works. Each storage cell is has either a lot of electrons trapped in it, or very little. Electrons move around easier at higher temperatures so electrons in cells can escape confinement and lower the level to a point where it is no longer clear if it represents 1 or 0. Ditto, cells with low charge can have electrons drift in and confuse the issue. So if you are really paranoid, invest in a kiln or make friends with a professional potter. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMay 6, 2017 at 11:33 pm So “very elevated” as in 500 degrees in an oven isn’t hot enough. Seem the safest approach is: 1. Pre heat to 400 degrees in oven 2. Finish the job by boosting the temp from there with 5 seconds in microwave Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 7, 2017 at 12:07 am Baking a phone or flash drive in your oven may release a bunch of toxic chemicals that could contaminate your next roast dinner. You may want to avoid this unless you’ve got a spare oven. Wrapping it in high temperature baking/parchment paper may help a bit. Microwave nuking is quicker and easier, as the temperature rise is very fast and localised in the metallic parts of the device. The electronics gets fried long before the case etc melts. It’s no good for things in metal boxes though. Reply ↓ subgenius May 6, 2017 at 5:57 pm That’s why god invented thermite. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMay 6, 2017 at 11:35 pm haha! Or magnesium boosted naplam, which you can make with stryofoam and gasoline. Handle with GREAT care! Reply ↓ Lupemax May 6, 2017 at 7:47 am My morning read, every morning for the last many years, is NC which I so appreciate. But I also watched RT (Russian TV) news on my ROKU everyday as well (dumped cable not too long ago). Now RT has been removed from ROKU and I am sad. I could find nothing about this and when I called I was told the agreement with RT and ROKU had been dissolved, suddenly yesterday afternoon. I watched it yesterday morning and then poof gone when I logged on in the afternoon. Personally I think I see the heavy hand of censorship somehow? Anyone know anything else? Reply ↓ Pat May 6, 2017 at 1:48 pm No, but Roku still has Pluto TV on it, and while I haven’t checked to see it is working they have a RT channel. It is annoying to me, and they would like you to register an email, but it is a means of watching RT. Considering the number of other channels that Roku carries officially, that story does seem to be misdirection, at least without more info. Reply ↓ amousie May 6, 2017 at 7:06 pm Still a channel on my ROKU. Just added it now. So thank you. Was previously watching it via YouTube. Reply ↓ savedbyirony May 6, 2017 at 10:43 pm It’s available to watch here: https://watchbritishtv.com/live-tv/russia-today/ Reply ↓ Jim Haygood May 6, 2017 at 8:07 am The WSJ’s claim about “economy poised for spring rebound” has some independent evidence to back it up. A site called DailyJobsUpdate tracks the annualized 3-month rate of change in federal withholding tax collections. A 21-period moving average (nominally one month with 21 business days) makes it quite responsive. Since mid-February this measure has blasted off from about 3.6% to nearly 7.0%: http://ritholtz.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/Trailing-Quarter.gif The Conference Board’s leading indicator has been rising steadily this year, while the Atlanta Fed’s early projection of 2Q 17 GDP is at 4.2%, well above the forecasters’ range of 2.1% to 3.2%. https://www.frbatlanta.org/cqer/research/gdpnow.aspx Looks like the economy has good momentum this quarter and may even be accelerating. We’d better get J-Yel & Stanley on the case to stop this alarming trend. /sarc Reply ↓ Jim Haygood May 6, 2017 at 8:49 am Bond king Jeffrey Gundlach compares the US unemployment rate (4.4% in yesterday’s report) to its 12-month (MA12) and 36-month (MA36) moving averages. Upward crossings signal recession. The slower 36-month MA is used for confirmation. This chart shows that MA12 (black line) rose above 1.0 in Jan 2001, contemporaneous with the onset of recession (bearing in mind that the U rate is reported with a 1-month lag; i.e. this value became available in early Feb 2001). In July 2007, it did so again with a 5-month lead time vs recession onset in Dec 2007. http://ibb.co/eCMzvk Currently MA12 is trending down, signifying a strengthening economy corresponding to a lower U rate. Reply ↓ Darius May 6, 2017 at 9:11 am If this is true, Republicans will have a fairly easy time in the 2018 elections. Reply ↓ Jim Haygood May 6, 2017 at 12:10 pm Things can change. Current positive momentum is likely to carry on for a few months. But by then, the Fed’s “rate hikes for all” campaign could start to bite. When it comes to despiking the punch, they don’t stop until the punchbowl lies in broken shards on the sodden carpet. J-Yel consoles Stanley Fischer after a regretable accident: http://tinyurl.com/kxe8gcp Reply ↓ Jef May 6, 2017 at 11:01 am Doesn’t factor in the declining participation rate; https://data.bls.gov/timeseries/LNS11300000 Not a rosy chart. Reply ↓ David Carl Grimes May 6, 2017 at 1:17 pm Although from a technical analysis point of view, it looks like the participation rate has bottomed out and is on its way up. But who really knows? Reply ↓ John k May 6, 2017 at 12:53 pm But mosler points out growth in bank loans is crashing. Cash drained by foreign and domestic savers no longer being replaced. Reply ↓ John k May 6, 2017 at 1:57 pm Plus peak in yoy employment growth was mar 2015, steadily declining to sub 1.6% now. Maybe because can’t find workers? But under 55 participation crashed and recently got worse. Not all won the lottery. Maybe ebay sellers, and employers refuse to pay enough to compete with low paid in home work. Reply ↓ craazyman May 6, 2017 at 9:34 am this is bad news for Team Crash. I saw two crash alerts just yesterday here. China and Oil. Oil evidently has “crashed” from just over $50 to just under $50. China has been about to crash since Li Po was composing Drinking Alone in the Light of the Moon and River Merchant’s Wife, and has a few times just to keep people on their toes. Team Crash owes lots of people a lot of explaining. How could they have been so wrong for so long and still keep putting out Crash Alerts. It doesn’t seem reasonable any more. It’s like predicting your baseball team ull win the World Series and it’s September and they’re like 62 wins and 92 losses. You wonder what they’re thinking! They may have a better chance of winning the Super Bowl, even though they’re a baseball team. Because the Super Bowl is still far enough in the future that, maybe, all the baseball players on your team can switch sports for the upcoming season! Reply ↓ diptherio May 6, 2017 at 10:10 am How could they have been so wrong for so long and still keep putting out Crash Alerts. They’ve learned from Krugman…? Reply ↓ craazyman May 6, 2017 at 10:23 am everybody on Wall Street learns early — if they can learn at all — that the key to being a successful forecaster is to keep on forecasting! nobody remembers anyway. LOL The investment business is “America’s Dumbest Business” (TM) from University of Magonia, all rights reversed. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 6, 2017 at 11:39 am Stephen Cobert should apply for a Wall Street forecaster job. [He may need it] He has just gone officially of the deep end headfirst in a swan dive with no bottoms in sight. Or a cygnet dive. They all look the same to me. Now he forecasts Trump and Putin will make beautiful music together and Putin is running America. How long can anyone be this deluded, and keep getting worse? I dunno. Just bought a used electric guitar by accident. Got the urge to try guitar playing and walked into Guitar Center to look around. They showed me a used Peavey Strat clone for $59 !! Looked brand new. Had one piece maple neck and body, rosewood fret board, and 4! Humbucker pickups with 5 position switch. Great shape and quality! Sounded great too – depending on switch position you can make it sound like a Strat or a Gibson Les Paul ! I couldn’t believe it. Yes, I whipped out my credit card and bought it. So now I’m taking youtube lessons. There are a ton of them. Truly the way to go. Learning Sunshine of Your Love and Whole Lotta Luv and some blues riffs for starters. This is harder than it seems. They say it might take 6 months before you can play 10 easy tunes. Reply ↓ craazyman May 6, 2017 at 3:23 pm I heard an air guitar contest once and thought they all sounded awesome, so I went to Guitar Center and asked if they had any. They just laughed at me. So I found a dude on eBay selling one for $50. I got in in a few days but there was nothing in the box. Now he won’t answer my email. I wonder if the guys at Guitar Center knew this dude and that’s why they were laughing. They should have told me. It kind of makes me mad thinking about it. Some people just can’t put two and two together can they? Maybe that’s America’s Dumbest Business, they have people willing to spend money like me but they don’t have the product in stock and eBay eats their lunch. Reply ↓ ambrit May 6, 2017 at 4:50 pm Don’t feel too bad craazyman. Your “vendor” was doing the same as Team XYZ does in politics; selling Hope. (Now available in DNC brand “Hopium.” Check with your spin doctor to see if “Hopium” is right for you.) It’s nice to have a civilized venue such as NC to “air” your grievance, no? Oh, do file a complaint with E-bay itself about that non performing vendor. E-bay gets quite nasty about people, places, and things that tarnish their lustre. Reply ↓ jhallc May 6, 2017 at 5:02 pm If your “Hope” lasts for more than 4 hours see a Doctor. Reply ↓ subgenius May 6, 2017 at 6:00 pm I have friends that had an entire air band, and they managed to secure a record deal and play at Glastonbury. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 6, 2017 at 6:50 pm I heard a steel drum band in Vegas once. The steel drums didn’t have any oil in them, kinda like 2006 vintage oil ETFs, but they hit them with sticks or anything else and they sounded great. Rhythm is key. My real reason for trying to learn guitar is it would be an outlet for my bottled up songwriting urges. These half done tunes go wafting thru my head and they are just begging to be completed. After my first two days of youtube lessons, I realized songs are just words, tempo, chords, rhythm, melody and maybe a hot guitar riff or solo. All you need to do is figure out what order to put all the stuff in. One youtuber pointed out that about 500 rock tunes were composed from about ten blues riffs and chords. And all these people are richer than God. So, first, I decided I needed a pen name. Being a white guy, no one would take me seriously writing blues tunes, and I wouldn’t even get fitty cent on Ebay for one. The name I settled on is Airbelly – Cajun King of the Blues and his guitar Lucille. [They all have names for their guitars] That should get me a 6 figure bid on Ebay for starters, then we’ll talk royalties and merchandising. I’m paying myself 10% as my manager. That’s probably a tax dodge. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 6, 2017 at 7:17 pm P.S. Started working on my first Airbelly tune. [copywrite] Sun rises in the morning Out walking the ‘hood streets Picking me some air cotton Picking me some licks. Ain’t no money in air cotton Licks are coming hard Oh Lordie, my blues may get me tarred. [unfinished] Reply ↓ craazyman May 6, 2017 at 8:48 pm It sounds like you need a 10 bagger. Walking around the streets picking at licks without any money is no fun. How much better wuld this be: Sun rises in the mornin Layin in bed cause I don’t have to work Headache from the red wine fadin Coffee startin to perk Think I’ll lay here forever Watchin Star Trek and Captain Kirk I don’t need no space ship baby Just point my mind and there I go Cause I got money baby Don’t have to work no mo Got a 0.5 mg of xanax, Keeps me from gettin low, No gettin low Everything comes to me baby I think I might call up a ho Reply ↓ jonboinAR May 6, 2017 at 9:07 pm I still recall Martin Mull’s “White Man’s Blues.” Went sumthin like this: “Well I woke up this mornin’, and the Mercedes was gone. Well I woke up this mornin’, and the Mercedes was gone. Well I felt so bad, so lonesome, I threw my drink across the lawn.” craazyboy May 6, 2017 at 9:25 pm Been trying to think of a name for it. I think “A Blues Odyssey” works great. Just keep adding more words until it’s like a blues opera, kinda like “Pinball Wizard”. It may never end. clinical wasteman May 6, 2017 at 10:25 pm https://soundcloud.com/zea/a1-bourgeois-blues Reply ↓ craazyboy May 6, 2017 at 10:54 pm Ok. More stanzas. This follows my opening stanza were Airbelly is still poor and before craazyman’s lyrics, where he’s big time, but before jonboin lyrics where he has rich people ups and downs. Nobody can hear my air guitar Gotta monkey and tin can Monkey says he’ll get a loan broker job Better way to be broke than. Says he’s gonna quit All it takes is an offer, And then that’s it! Gotta steal me a Gibson or I’m in for…. shit. Gotta steal me a Gibson A Strat’s for Rock$Roll Gibson is a blues guitar Played by bros in the know. [Now it’s way past time for a chorus. I like the Baptist chick choruses. They’re good if you have more beats to go in a line and run out of words. Just have them go “Ahhhhhh” for as long as it takes until the next line is ready. Do Wah Do Dahs are good too – but not that often in a blues opera. Being a chorus, they also do choruses. I still need to think of a chorus that goes here.TODO. But I thought of one to put after jonboin’s stanza. I see them shaking their heads and wagging their fingers at the camera while singing. I’m assuming there will be a video, musical production, or John Scorsese blockbuster.] You bad person! Suffering is for rich folks Poor folks have happiness Get rid yo material possessions And let Jesus do the rest! Reply ↓ craazyboy May 6, 2017 at 11:09 pm Note to self: I just finished Terry Pratchett’s novel, “Soul Guitar”. I think that’s what made me buy a guitar by “accident”. clinical wasteman May 7, 2017 at 2:53 am now that you happen to mention stealing Gibson guitars: https://soundcloud.com/obnox-1/obnox-how-to-rob-the-punk (last verse). But OBNOX is an Equal Opportunities avenger: in this song he lifts a Telecaster too. (Which reminds me, I’m still trying to picture that four-humbucker Fender clone: one on the back and one in the neck?) HopeLB May 7, 2017 at 1:22 am I can’t wait for your first album, particularly your lyrics! Then I started wondering if your music is beautiful, soulful blues while your lyrics are hilarious and far reaching/mind bending if it wouldn’t create an uncomfortable tension in the listener whose mind would wish to focus/laugh about the lyrics while the music sort of shuffled them past your astute observations too quickly, but then I thought maybe you could intersperse instrumental/non-lyrical interludes to allow your audience time to laugh and/or process. It will be brilliant and lovely and I’ll subscribe to your channel as soon as it’s up. (Maybe your interludes could make use of the didgeradoo? Blues didgeradoo? The music of the Downtrodden carried by the wind of the Down Under. Could be a hook (at least for Aussie sales). Reply ↓ Brian May 6, 2017 at 11:53 am The problem may be that the alleged/accepted value of a commodity is priced in paper. Only a few dozen entities determine this paper has meaning, and then print it to purchase what they want. The paper is being printed in greater quantity every day, but the commodity is not. The commodity has value due to relative scarcity and demand. We can start with water, soil, oil, air…. as critical commodities to our livelihoods but by no means a comprehensive list. So, the basics for life on this planet are priced in paper. As long as that continues, everything about a future is an illusion. As this manufactured dream disolves, so does reality. Reply ↓ OpenThePodBayDoorsHAL May 6, 2017 at 5:04 pm Um, yes. Oil, the very lifeblood of the world economy and food supply, spiked to $140 bucks a few years ago (it’s $50 today). This had absolutely nothing to do with supply and demand, it was a few sh*theads in suits who simply put the price there at the behest of a few billionaire or political masters. Enforcement of a few simple laws would instantly solve this but we live in a post-law era as the Comey testimony so amply demonstrated. A starving guy steals a loaf and gets an orange jumpsuit, a banker steals the GDP of nations and gets a bigger yacht. Reply ↓ LifelongLib May 6, 2017 at 7:18 pm The distinction between demand and paper is a false one, because demand can only be expressed by people with paper. In fact in modern properly functioning economies supply generally exceeds demand — not because there aren’t people who need things, but because the people in need don’t have the paper to translate those needs into economic demand. Reply ↓ Sandler May 6, 2017 at 12:13 pm Under fiat money I don’t see how assets can be allowed to “crash” in price (but as a percentage of total money in supply, have they really gone up?), what declines is quality of life of regular people. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 9:50 am Jim Haygood May 6, 2017 at 8:07 am I look at the unemployment figures, and it demonstrates if economists could put a saddle on a platypus they would believe the platypus could win the Kentucky Derby…. Reply ↓ polecat May 6, 2017 at 11:20 am Ah, but platypus can sting ! Reply ↓ Synapsid May 6, 2017 at 4:18 pm polecat, Only the males. Reply ↓ From Cold Mountain May 6, 2017 at 10:26 am Ha! You think this is science! Reply ↓ Jim Haygood May 6, 2017 at 11:45 am It falls a bit short of science. More in the realm of a heuristic. Basic idea is to stay in gear with the trend. If unemployment has been falling for months, then the economy is not shrinking. The U rate is from the household survey, which gives a direct window into what people are thinking: There are about 60,000 eligible households in the sample for this survey. This translates into approximately 110,000 individuals each month, a large sample compared to public opinion surveys, which usually cover fewer than 2,000 people. The sample is a state-based design and reflects urban and rural areas, different types of industrial and farming areas, and the major geographic divisions of each state. Every month, one-fourth of the households in the sample are changed, so that no household is interviewed for more than 4 consecutive months. After a household is interviewed for 4 consecutive months, it leaves the sample for 8 months, and then is again interviewed for the same 4 calendar months a year later, before leaving the sample for good. As a result, approximately 75 percent of the sample remains the same from month to month and 50 percent remains the same from year to year. This procedure strengthens the reliability of estimates of month-to-month and year-to-year change in the data. https://www.bls.gov/cps/cps_htgm.htm This is great data — the sample size beats the living hell out of the crappy, useless presidential polls which wasted countless hours of our valuable time last year. Reply ↓ dao May 6, 2017 at 8:12 am RE: Macron hacking. Like in the case of the DNC hacking, the “real news” is not about the content of the e-mails but about the hacking itself. Of course, the Russians did it. Trying to get ahead of the real story (the content of the e-mails) the Macron camp is saying there are “fake” e-mails mixed in with authentic ones. Just a few hours after the release of the e-mails, they already knew the Russians did it and that e-mails were forged. This is what passes for “real news”. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 6, 2017 at 1:02 pm They French liberals do seem very determined to recreate the Clinton campaign in short form. 1) It’s inevitable, candidate has a huge lead in the polls. 2) Get hacked, blame it on Russians, claim the documents are fake anyway without providing any proof. 3) Have other liberals (Varoufakis) do op eds saying yes, the neoliberal candidate is awful but vote for them anyway because the other candidate and all their supporters are racist. It’s as if these neolibs know deep down that despite their claims to the contrary about ‘helping’, they are really just greedy assholes and some inchoate sense of guilt makes them want to lose as a form of penance. That’s the best theory I can come up with for what sure looks like abject stupidity. Reply ↓ BillC May 6, 2017 at 4:27 pm Just finished reading Tom Frank’s “Listen, Liberal,” in which he posits that what passes for “the left” has abandoned the working class for the credentialed/professional class, whose guiding ethic is meritocracy. The meritocrats stick together and are convinced, despite results to the contrary, they have all the right answers. At most, they may admit to needing better propaganda. I don’t think they want to lose (they don’t merit that!), they simply have no clue what to do about the fact that half of humanity is, by definition, below average, yet still need (and occasionally even demand) social and living conditions that meet human needs, regardless of merit. Varoufakis’ piece, what I see daily in political coverage in Italy, and what I read here of other developed nations’ politics convinces me that not only is Frank correct, but that his thesis applies throughout the developed world — which, after all, does require meritocratic expertise (AKA “little Eichmanns”) to keep the capitalist engines turning profitably. Reply ↓ Marina Bart May 6, 2017 at 4:59 pm I think it’s important to always remind people that the beneficiaries of “meritocracy” for the most part are good at things that are not what anyone thinks of as merit. They’re rewarded for being born into a particular class, being compliant to power, and being willing to say and do things they know to be wrong (standardized testing now amplifies not just test prep training which privileges money, but a willingness to spit out answers that are incorrect simply because either an authority figure wants it or improved status or opportunity depends on it). These factors are far more important that intelligence, diligence, grit or any other trait that the ruling class insists makes all the difference. In fact, none of those things do. Reply ↓ BillC May 6, 2017 at 6:08 pm Thanks, Marina. Agreed. Anyone who’s worked in corporate America can testify to that. I’m sorry my my remark “below average” invites the inference that corporate or political elites’ judgements of merit … have any merit at all. But regardless of the dimension by which merit is judged — whether kissing your superiors’ a** or diligent application of creative intelligence — a humane society provides for the basic human needs of all its members. Neoliberal orthodoxy is totally blind to this basic moral imperative. BTW, I’m glad you’ve joining forces with Yves and Lambert. The three of you cover an amazingly wide spectrum. Reply ↓ Marina Bart May 6, 2017 at 7:14 pm Thank you for the compliment. I don’t know if I can be deemed to have “joined forces” with Yves and Lambert. I’m still just a guest at this party. I am honored and delighted that Yves and Lambert respect my writing and thinking enough to elevate it to the front page on occasion. I came to Naked Capitalism to learn and understand things that my previous sources of information were inadequate (or actively deceptive) in explaining. So every time I write anything — either in the comments or as a post — that Yves, Lambert, or the rest of the commentariat find valuable, I feel like I am giving back to the site, which makes me happy. You’re absolutely right that definitionally, according to the paradigm under which meritocracy operates, half the population is below average. So we have now reached the stage where the the supposedly meritorious are asserting that the non-meritorious do not deserve to live. The neat trick is that many of those elevated under meritocracy are not, in fact, above average according to the measurement system they themselves espouse. The whole point of meritocracy is to lock in status and economic advantage for people who would otherwise lose that status and advantage to others in a fair competition. Then there is the additional problem, which is that there are all sorts of problems with the measurement systems we use under this paradigm. Only certain kinds of character traits and cognitive abilities are measured and treasured, and even what is being measured via IQ tests is deeply problematic. What’s being tested is too limited, the tests aren’t being normed well enough on the far “high” side to be reliable (you know, that would be the side where “intellectual merit” would supposedly be found), the numeric system creates a misleading rank ordering usage that reinforces a profoundly inaccurate understanding of what an IQ number actually means, socioeconomic status has far more impact on all this than those who benefit from the system want to admit, and the whole thing is based on the assumption that intelligence distribution follows a Bell Curve. There is, however, some interestingly suggestive data that, in the wild, intelligence (even the type that fits the meritocratic paradigm) does not follow a Bell Curve. If that’s true, then everything else about the norming and rank ordering of the system is also undermined. So there are a great many problems with our current process for determining intelligence, which we are told is privileged by the neoliberal system. In reality, high intelligence is not in any way privileged in this system. People are punished every day for thinking. Thinking is inconvenient to the smooth operation of the system. And I agree 100% — neoliberalism is profoundly immoral. Reply ↓ Carl May 7, 2017 at 12:38 am Your thinking is very clear, and I enjoy your posts. Reply ↓ different clue May 7, 2017 at 1:56 am Since they flatter themselves as being an aristocracy of merit, perhaps we should change the name of their class to the meristocracy. And start calling them meristocrats. Reply ↓ Mel May 6, 2017 at 1:07 pm For me the real news is that the Macron campaign, too, is an industrial product, delivered complete in a plastic clam-shell package. Now includes Russian hacking. Yet to decide whether the Macron candidate is the same, as Obama and Trudeau could be. Reply ↓ David May 6, 2017 at 8:28 am On the Macron leak, the campaign is now over, and the French election authorities have asked the media not to publish any of the documents or comment on them. This will probably be respected. I doubt if the leak was intended to influence the results directly, though given that leaks recently (Fillon, Clinton, even Macron’s use of government funds for dinners for potential supporters) have in the end been found to be accurate, there may be a hope that some hesitating voters may decide not to vote Macron, but stay at home, to avoid buyer’s remorse later. This won’t affect the overall result, but it may undermine Macron slightly, especially if it pushes the turnout below even that which is expected. (The weather forecast tomorrow is poor). Macron’s campaign has been rending its garments and gnashing its teeth all over a very sympathetic media, which hasn’t neglected to blame Russia. This again may make people feel there’s no smoke without fire. The real purpose, I think, is to undermine Macron after the election (assuming he wins) and before he takes power in about ten days. There will be a media frenzy which can only make his position weaker, and also make people a bit less likely to vote for his candidates in the June parliamentary elections. Who gains from this? Most probably the Right, whose objective will be to become the largest bloc in the new parliament, and force Macron to accept a Prime Minister of their choosing. This could amount, in the end, to a victory for Fillon by the back door, even if he personally is unlikely to be Prime Minister. Meanwhile, the Left seems to be doing its usual Judean People’s Liberation Front act, which means it will probably lose massively in the parliamentary elections. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 6, 2017 at 8:39 am Hi David. I can understand that the Socialists will struggle to get support after Hollande. But could you offer an opinion on who Mélenchon supporters are likely to support in the June parliamentary elections? Are there any candidates aligned with him or endorsed by him? Reply ↓ David May 6, 2017 at 8:48 am He’s trying to negotiate an agreement with the Communists, who are quite powerful in certain constituencies, but as of this morning they were still arguing about financing the campaign together. It’s all complicated by the two-round structure of the elections, and the fact that you can have so-called “triangular” second rounds with three parties if they all cross the necessary threshold (from memory, 12%). The number crunchers have been applying the latest poll figures for the presidential to the parliamentary elections, but it doesn’t look good for either Mélenchon or Le Pen. There’s a good chance that Mélenchon’s party will do quite well in the first round, but will be beaten in most places in the second. It’s probable, but not certain, that in constituencies where the Socialists come second to the Right, Mélencon’s people will support the Socialist candidate, but we really are in the realms of speculation here. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 6, 2017 at 9:49 am Appreciated, thanks. It’s mildly tragic the traditional left can’t get it together in any meaningful way. But politics is evolving beyond the linear left-right spectrum, and anyone wanting sanity and humanity probably needs to look elsewhere for their champions. Reply ↓ jCandlish May 6, 2017 at 10:44 am The timing of the release of this document cache seems planned to inflict the maximum damage on Macron without giving the election to Le Pen. Also, when will encryption finally catch on? There is no reason for this leak to have occurred without compromising the identity of the leaker. Reply ↓ Skip Intro May 6, 2017 at 10:53 am The leak came from Macron/TPTB themselves, as a way of turning an upset loss into another casus belli against the evil russkis, and a way of tainting the legitimacy of a LePen win. They’re hedging. Reply ↓ Bill Smith May 6, 2017 at 11:04 am “The real purpose, I think, is to undermine Macron after the election (assuming he wins) and before he takes power in about ten days” Leaving chaos in the wake of an election was historically a strategy of the Soviet Union and carried out by the KGB. It was discussed / directed from the highest levels of the Soviet Union. It is in Politburo minutes that came west after the fall of the Soviet Union. In the reports that the KGB would send up to the Politburo, they would detail how many ‘fake’ news articles they planted in each western countries media. The Soviets where not the only country that did this. And now one doesn’t need to be a country to do it. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 6, 2017 at 12:36 pm Yah, Bill, thanks for including that obscure line about “the Soviets where not the only country that did this.” I understand you may have first hand knowledge and maybe experience about how “our” glorious Democratic USA has done and does this “leaving chaos” stuff, pretty much everywhere, and over and over, in service of what, again? The “national interest?”… a legacy to be proud of… Reply ↓ Chris G May 6, 2017 at 8:44 am UK elections: The relentless pro-Tory spin being put on yesterday’s local election results seems designed to brainwash us into seeing the Tories as the only credible choice in next month’s general election. Their ‘interpretation’ of results in Scotland has been particularly blatant: see Craig Murray’s excellent analysis at https://www.craigmurray.org.uk/archives/2017/05/astonishing-tory-ferguslie-park-super-triumph/ , (his post is currently being read by 20,000 visitors an hour!) and the estimable Wings over Scotland at https://wingsoverscotland.com/what-theyre-trying-to-sell-you/ If only we had an English National Party… (No, not UKIP, who have crashed since the Tories are now clearly indistinguishable from them.) Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 6, 2017 at 9:39 am Thanks for the links. Yet another example of how the mainstream media has been utterly captured, shamelessly authoring and parrotting utter bs and blatant propaganda. The BBC has been execrable for years, and Australia’s ABC is heading the same way. Political interference, successive purges and “headcount restructuring” have led to inexperienced, compliant journalists merely manufacturing content to orders from above. Had a similar reaction on reading Carolinian’s piece on Comey linked at the top of the coments. An eminently sensible assessment of Comey’s muddled, unprincipled and blatantly political stances that you’d never see in the MSM. Supporting independent online media and fighting to keep it highly visible is one of the most important tasks ahead. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 9:04 am http://glineq.blogspot.com/2017/05/the-deep-state-as-tool-for.html There are two very strong points of Lofgren’s book. First, Lofgren is somebody who knows the system from the inside (he worked for almost thirty years in Congress, sat on budget and armed services committees and knows personally a number of key political players). He thus brings to the book a knowledge that a political science professor just simply does not have. Second, Lofgren shows that there are strong links between domestic and foreign policy preferences of the deep state. The rising political power of the rich (documented by Larry Bartels and Martin Gilens) and increasing income inequality (documented by so many that it is superfluous to give citations) are, as Lofgren shows, intrinsically linked to domestic policy choices that reduce taxes on the rich, provide an increasing number of loopholes for the rich, curb social spending, but also (and only apparently contradictorily) increase military spending. Why the latter? Because the beneficiaries from the military spending are precisely the members of the deep state. As Lofgren argues, TARP and military spending are just the two facets of the same coin: the use of government resources for the benefit of the rich. ========================================================= If you don’t like “deep state” one could substitute the “wonky 0.1%” and use Bob Rubin as an example, or I like the “(supposed) enlightened vampire squid” Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 9:09 am AND: We should, it seems, stop thinking of government spending as the opposite of private spending. This is because government spending has two radically different constituencies and two very different objectives. One part of government spending (the one that we traditionally emphasize) serves the needs of the middle class and the poor: social security, Medicare, Medicaid, unemployment benefits. This is the part that, from the point of view of the deep state, should be cut. The second part of government spending is to support (when needed) the financial sector and to buy new military hardware. There, the beneficiaries are the people from the other end of the income distribution spectrum: the financiers, owners and managers of large military supplier companies, telecommunications, private security firms and the like. When we think of government in this way, the apparent paradox of Republicans (and many Democrats) being at the same time in favor of smaller government, and TARP and larger military spending vanishes. ….. As always, when you dig deeper, the origins of domestic and foreign policies are to be found in economic interests. An oft-used aphorism says that “all politics is local”. It would be more appropriate to say that “all politics is about money”. ================================================= Who gets the money, and who doesn’t get the money. Or as I always say, “reform” in the US is first, second, and always about INSURING (pun intended) that any possibility of the rich suffering a financial loss is unpossible. Reply ↓ Enquiring Mind May 6, 2017 at 10:17 am One question I’ve had about the .01%, for example, is just how much money do they need? After a certain point (The First Billion, The Tenth, etc) there is a superfluous aspect to all that extra cash and wealth. Or do they just want it to want it? Or want it to maintain status? Or to preserve their posterity or their posterior? Or to keep the masses down? All of the above? How much study has been done on that? Any conclusions to help enlighten the enquirers? Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 6, 2017 at 10:39 am I recall Crosby&Nash (and George Carlin, of course, among others) sorted that out for the rest of us a long time ago, in a galaxy far, far away… “They Want It All” They want it all, they want it now They want to get it and they don’t care how They want it all, they want it now They want to get it and they don’t care how Want that Mercedes, that gulf stream too They want to get, get it from you They want your life savings and your mothers ring They’d like to have everything They want it all, they want it now They want to get it and they don’t care how They want it all, they want it now They want to get it and they don’t care how They want that mansion and they want it full Of wine and women and political pull They always have a President or two That’s how they get away with what they do That’s how they do it They want it all, they want it now They want to get it and they don’t care how They want it all, they want it now They want to get it and they don’t care how They bleed the companies they’re supposed to run Ain’t no different than taking your money with a gun They make it to Jamaica and their wire comes through They sacrifice a lawyer and they’re laughing at you They want it all (they want it all) they want it now (they want it now) They want to get it and they don’t care how They want it all (they want it all) they want it now (they want it now) They want to get it and they don’t care how They don’t get prosecuted don’t even get charged They’re somewhere in the sun belt living it large And the government says we can’t prove they did it at all Besides they’ve got these underlings ready to take the fall They want it all (they want it all) they want it now (they want it now) They want to get it and they don’t care how They want it all (they want it all) they want it now (they want it now) They want to get it and they don’t care how These people that they stole from who’s lives they laid to waste They should have to meet them all face to face And explain just why their momma didn’t teach ’em not to steal If you want us to believe in justice, justice better be real Better be, better be, real Got to be real yeah, mmm, ooh! I’m talking to you now Got to be real You They just don’t give a damn http://www.azlyrics.com/lyrics/crosbynash/theywantitall.html d). All of the above. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 6, 2017 at 1:08 pm Or from the more recent Soundgarden song Non-State Actor: We’re not elected But we will speak We’re not the chosen But we believe And we settle for A little bit more than everything. Reply ↓ Katharine May 6, 2017 at 3:21 pm A kind of illness. I understand, by the way, that Trump has declared May National Mental Health Awareness Month. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 6:13 pm JTMcPhee May 6, 2017 at 10:39 am Its hard to fathom, but what you don’t have is as important to them as what they have. Reply ↓ LifelongLib May 6, 2017 at 8:03 pm It’s better to be king of a dunghill than just another guy in a palace, right? Reply ↓ different clue May 7, 2017 at 1:19 am It’s better to be king of THE dunghill . . . the ONLY dunghill. . . than just another guy in just another palace. Reply ↓ Vatch May 6, 2017 at 7:26 pm @Enquiring Mind at 10:17 AM: I think the answer is “all of the above”, although there will certainly be variance among the oligarchs. As for maintaining status, remember when Trump would insist that he had $10 billion, even though Forbes estimated his wealth at about $4.5 billion (later reduced to $3.7 billion)? It probably drove him nuts that people believed that there were more than 150 Americans who were richer than he was. Reply ↓ Carl May 7, 2017 at 12:43 am We are the peculiar variant of monkey that determines our happiness by looking at the nearest monkeys around us. Reply ↓ allan May 6, 2017 at 9:13 am GOP bill would cut low-cost NY health plan [D&C] A low-cost health insurance option used by more than 600,000 New York residents would shut down if the Republican health care plan becomes law. New York’s Essential Plan would be defunded under the American Health Care Act approved Thursday by the House of Representatives, … The Essential Plan is a basic, no-deductible health insurance plan available to low-income New York residents for free or $20 a month, depending on income. It has become a popular program under the state’s health exchange since it started two years ago. … The Essential Plan has more than 665,000 enrollees this year, about 18 percent of the 3.6 million enrolled in some form of coverage through the state’s health exchange. … The Buffalo News reported Thursday that Rep. Chris Collins, R-Clarence, Erie County, was unaware of the Essential Plan cut despite voting in favor of the GOP bill. On Friday, Collins issued a statement blasting the “falsehoods being spread about the ‘Essential Plan’.” “Going forward these patient populations will be covered on the individual marketplace,” Collins said. “This will provide New Yorkers with more choice and flexibility, as well as lower costs.” … I know people on the Essential Plan. Collins is smoking Ayn Rand flavored crack if he thinks `the market’ is going to provide them with affordable insurance. Of course, Collins, who was the first member of Congress to endorse Trump, is worth $66 million and actually doesn’t give a [FAMILY BLOG] about the people who are on the Essential Plan. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen May 6, 2017 at 10:07 am The program — an optional plan allowed by the Affordable Care Act, or Obamacare — offers major federal reimbursements, which would be cut under the American Health Care Act. So many secret ways that the government actually pays for “healthcare,” while pretending that insurance companies are really doing it and really, really deserve the profit they’re making. Reply ↓ marym May 6, 2017 at 11:30 am 2002 study (PDF) 60 Percent of Health Spending is Already Publicly Financed, Enough to Cover Everyone “Americans already pay for national health insurance — they just don’t get it. In this 2002 Health Affairs paper, David Himmelstein and Steffie Woolhandler point out that the standard accounting miscategorizes two major public health expenditures as private: the tax credit for private health insurance and the cost of the Federal Employees Health Benefit Program…. A single-payer system could provide such coverage to all Americans with no need for additional health dollars.” Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen May 6, 2017 at 12:14 pm From the Jacobin link provided by dcblogger below: The ACA, which may or may not die in the Senate, only ever made sense as an intermediate step toward a universal provision of health care. It was a big, ugly, ungainly, cobbled-together thing that, for all the partisan paeans to its wonderfulness and indispensability, never really worked very well. The part that did work was Medicaid expansion. In other words, the part that worked was the single-payer program that the Democrats so ardently refused — continue to refuse — to endorse. https://jacobinmag.com/2017/05/affordable-care-act-repeal-democrats-singing I welcome this sudden commitment to people with “pre-existing” conditions. Sooner or later it’s going to occur to someone that these are the sick people that the most free-spending “healthcare” system in the world apparently can’t afford to treat. At some point it’s going to dawn on some genius that a “healthcare” system that only includes healthy people shouldn’t be anywhere near as expensive as this one is. Reply ↓ John k May 6, 2017 at 1:07 pm And even less costly if insurer refuses to pay when the healthy person gets sick. Or pregnant. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 2:31 pm Would Single Payer pay for itself? Doesn’t that depend on the details of any particular Single Payer plan, including, among other things, cost reduction measures, like negotiating drug prices, and health care provider fees, both keep going up everyday, so that what might have been adequate or affordable in 2002, needs to be cheaper today? Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 2:40 pm The only clear path to Single Payer, it seems to me, is MMT. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 6, 2017 at 9:35 am I guess the idiocracy of Economism is pretty universal: http://www.atimes.com/article/hangover-part-iv-china-sluggish-q1-blow/ Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 9:42 am And something else “All of humanity’s problems stem from man’s inability to sit quietly in a room alone.” Blaise Pascal I heard that quote Wednesday night in the movie Roger Corman’s Death Race 2050. It was a remake of a movie he had made years earlier – Death Race 2000 (the earlier version was better IMHO….more subtle…). The black female driver says the Pascal quote to another female and it is meant to be a jarring revelation that the stereotype of an urban rapper death racer and reality are two different things. Apparently the movie was made very quickly after the presidential election, or some parts were edited in to take advantage of Trump as president. Anyway, I knew I had heard that quote before, but where? http://thereformedbroker.com/2016/10/19/qotd-on-doing-nothing/ Just serendipity of hearing the same interesting quote in two very different venues…. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 10:33 am Didn’t know he was a meditating Zen monk. Speaking of zazen, “nothing is better than something.” Upon that enlightenment, one is content to stay in bed. “Why should I inflict more pain upon the world by inventing more tech gadgets, making up more economic theories, and uncovering more knowledge about how the brain can be manipulated through brain research?” I actually would not feel so bad to know we have not found new and better replacements for PCBs. Who knows what danger lurks there in that terra incognita. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 11:17 am I should clarify the statement “nothing is better than somthing.” Normally, when we say, ‘no one is prettier than you, my dear,’ or ‘nothing is cuter than a cat.’ that the X in ‘nothing is better than X,’ that X is the best thing in the world. And when we say, ‘not being hungry is better than being hungry,’ we mean in the sense of X > Y, when we say, X is better than Y. Here, I mean to say, having or doing nothing is better than having or doing something, in the same sense of having or doing nothing > having or doing something. Reply ↓ dcblogger May 6, 2017 at 10:01 am How to watch live stream of Jimmy Carter-Bernie Sanders talk http://www.ajc.com/news/how-watch-live-stream-jimmy-carter-bernie-sanders-talk/jj9lBJthvpAgq20NnGCpBN/ Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 10:17 am New Museum of Failure Credit Slips So I check the article out. And I click on the link to the museum. And I see “Bic for her” WTF??? Like, a pen??? So I google it. Yup, a pen…just for women!!! This Huffinington post article has Amazon reviews that are pretty good http://www.huffingtonpost.com/2012/08/30/bic-pen-for-her-amazon-reviews_n_1842991.html Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 10:20 am UAE to DRAG ICEBERG from Antarctica to solve water shortage set to last 25 years Daily Express I don’t know how many (3 dozen???) articles I have read over the years on iceberg dragging, yet apparently it has NEVER happened. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 6, 2017 at 1:11 pm And surprisingly (or not), no consideration given to maybe not building huge cities in the middle of a desert on the first place. Reply ↓ ambrit May 6, 2017 at 5:05 pm Do you know just how large the sails would have to be to move even a smallish iceberg? You’d have to use most of the water “harvested” just to grow the cotton needed to weave the material for those sails. Of course, when the iceberg melts away, or, as happens “in the wild,” the iceberg flips upside down, those sails would be a prototypical “sunk cost.” The economics of it do not compute. Also, who would sail the iceberg? Snorri Disneyson and his pixarlated pyrates? Better all around to use the most abundant natural resource in the desert climes, sunlight, and flash distill seawater. Larry Nivens’ “Slaver Sunflowers” and a big above ground tank would do the trick. “Growing flowers in the desert.” Reply ↓ Aumua May 6, 2017 at 9:57 pm Article is complete BS. Vaporware. Nothing to see here. I’m not even going to waste any time deconstructing it. Reply ↓ Aumua May 6, 2017 at 10:15 pm No pun was intended, btw. Reply ↓ Kurt Sperry May 6, 2017 at 11:43 pm Too bad, it was sublime. Reply ↓ paul May 6, 2017 at 10:27 am Slight correction to the torygraph link Labour lost 112 seats north of the border while Theresa May’s party gained 164, more than doubling their previous tally. The SNP remain the largest party with 431 seats – marginally fewer than in 2012. In torygraph arithmetic 425 is marginally fewer than 431 Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 6, 2017 at 11:47 am I think you may have meant In torygraph arithmetic 431 is marginally fewer than 425 Reply ↓ paul May 6, 2017 at 2:02 pm Indeed I did. Cheers Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 10:40 am Trump: ‘Everybody’ has better healthcare than US The Hill President Trump said Friday that “everybody” has better healthcare than the United States. “Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do –everybody does. ObamaCare is dead! But our healthcare will soon be great,” Trump tweeted. …. “It’s a very good bill right now. The premiums are going to come down very substantially. The deductibles are going to come down. It’s going to be fantastic healthcare. Right now ObamaCare is failing; we have a failing healthcare,” Trump said Thursday alongside Turnbull. Critics, such as Sen. Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.), have noted the Australian system is the opposite of the GOP plan. ”Thank you, Mr. President,” a laughing Sanders said on MSNBC on Thursday night. “Let us move to a Medicare-for-all system that does what every other major country on Earth does: guarantee healthcare to all people at a fraction of the cost per capita that we spend.” During the 2016 campaign, Trump said his healthcare plan would ensure coverage for all Americans. But the House GOP bill could result in lost coverage for millions of Americans. ======================================================== This is one of those things where Trump can make just bizarrely untrue statements. And I was wondering why does it succeed with so many people??? And all I can figure is at least Trump is advocating something that is clear, simple, and desirable. Dems could counter with a clear, simple, desirable policy, e.g., medicare for all. But they don’t…. WHY NOT??? Because they are SOOOO responsible….to the people buying they off. Or is there another reason? Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 10:55 am I wonder if here (everyone has it better) Trump is pulling a Sanders. “It’s up to you do it.” Meanwhile, everyone continues to reference everything to Trump and to Sanders…Trump voters, Sanders voters, etc. (never JUST the ideas themselves, AND, actually, the ideas are not unique or new…think Denmark, Roosevelt). “It’s up to you all to send Single-Payer politicians to congress.” Reply ↓ Eureka Springs May 6, 2017 at 1:30 pm How many times and ways does a casino tell you you are a winner? Throw it all against the wall and see what sticks. How many people only gather news in sound bites? How many people selectively hear what they want to hear? Trump doesn’t have to say that very often to get credit since shunned Sanders is the other prominent person saying it. Whilst prominent Pelosi or HRC say no way, no how, if they say anything at all. Reply ↓ jonboinAR May 6, 2017 at 9:42 pm It’s our Democratic leader’s very corruption and transparent hypocrisy makes their arguments wither before Trumps outrageous stretchers. While they cravenly, disgustingly, fingers twisting together, voices high pitched and trembling, try to feed us that same tired BS, Trump heartily bellows, “Yeah, our health care system does suck. It’s the worst!” We’re so struck and pleased by this rare expression of honesty that we’re apt to accept anything he says next, particularly if its delivered in the same tone. Reply ↓ different clue May 7, 2017 at 1:26 am No. There is no other reason. That is the reason. “Impeachment is off the table.” “Never. Ever.” Your Democrats on parade. Reply ↓ Katniss Everdeen May 6, 2017 at 10:41 am RE: Trump: ‘Everybody’ has better healthcare than US The Hill “Of course the Australians have better healthcare than we do –everybody does. — The president raised eyebrows Thursday night when he heaped praise on Australia’s universal healthcare system even though that type of system is widely derided by conservatives. While eyebrows may have been raised due to political implications, I haven’t heard much in the way of disagreement about the accuracy of the statement. Come to think of it, I haven’t heard any. As for the wide “derision” of “that type of system,” I believe said derision is one of those rare instances of bipartisanship which americans are reported to crave. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 11:17 am Katniss Everdeen May 6, 2017 at 10:41 am “As for the wide “derision” of “that type of system,” I believe said derision is one of those rare instances of bipartisanship which americans are reported to crave.” Very good point. American politics is not quite as good as professional wrestling. Like wrestling, we don’t get to select the participants, and like wrestling, the outcome is predetermined…. But nobody yells at you for being cynical for denigrating wrestling, unlike when one points out that American politics would benefit from more Russia media reporting of how “Merica really works…. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 10:45 am Gender inequality is holding back US economy, Yellen warns Financial Times Probably should add IQ-inequality as well. Those born with a mental-silver-spoon, by definition, know without much effort (the sign of a true genius). They program algorithmic trading before entering kindergarten. If you worked very hard, and barely got your Ph.D., then, you’re not likely an IQ-oppressor. You’re one of us, the mental 99%. Reply ↓ jfleni May 6, 2017 at 10:49 am RE: Suddenly, Oil Below $40 a Barrel Doesn’t Seem So Far-Fetched. The grease monkeys and the Princelings don’t believe it, but looking at the rise of electric cars and the general rejection of motor vehicle transport, the oil age is not only ending, but dying quickly. These very same clowns can be counted on to swindle and deceive themselves while it lasts. Could’nt happen to a more deserving bunch! Reply ↓ subgenius May 6, 2017 at 6:12 pm ‘general rejection of motor vehicle transport’ Where is this reality, and how do I get there? Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 10:55 am Watch a cop’s staged body cam footage made “to look like it was done in real-time“ ars technica. Yuk. Now the body cam footage of Pueblo Police Department Officer Seth Jensen, which was used in court, is being published exclusively by Ars Technica. The video above shows Jenson finding a .357 Magnum, about 7 grams of heroin, and 43 $1 bills in the vehicle suspect Joseph Cajar was traveling in. The vehicle was towed after Cajar couldn’t provide an officer registration or insurance during a traffic stop. In the footage, provided to Ars by Cajar’s attorney, Jensen reenacts the vehicle search at a local tow yard. Jensen later texted (PDF) a local Pueblo County prosecutor telling her that the video was staged. That prosecutor then alerted her superiors, and charges against Cajar were dropped. “This was concerning because all indications in the discovery and during his testimony at the preliminary hearing indicated that the body camera footage actually represented the sequence of events as they developed regarding the search. Furthermore, the staging was done in such a way to make it look like it was done in real-time. (The items had to be repositioned etc.),” Joe Koncilja, Cajar’s attorney, told Ars in an e-mail. ===================================================== Again, I come back to the fact that there is a legal presumption that police officers are telling the truth. How much reality is necessary to disabuse the ‘Merican legal system of that fantasy???? But of course, the ‘Mercian legal system’s point isn’t justice….. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 6, 2017 at 4:43 pm I can’t wait to sit on a jury someday so I can vote to acquit and tell my fellow jurors “I think the cop was lying” as they berate me for it. I may not be able to acquit the poor fellow, but I can sure hang the jury and make the prosecutor try the case again. Commentariat, how far fetched is my juror fantasy? I’ve never served on one before. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 6:26 pm Huey Long May 6, 2017 at 4:43 pm I have served on several and if you have the spine, you can do it. I will note something interesting – I forget when I first noticed this, but JUDGES ask jurors during voir dire , and the judge says not to tell him the OUTCOME of the jury vote, but did the jury you served on reach a unanimous decision. If that isn’t skewing the outcome to those that will go along with the group, I don’t know what is….. Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 6, 2017 at 11:02 am Anybody wants to try to keep touch with what all this sh!t “we” talk about in grand geopolitical terms actually means, day to day, for ordinary people and their infrastructure and all, here’s a reminder: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4anJQozzDLk&ytbChannel=slippybits And of course the sidebar to that link will take you into the entire insane mess that “our” government and military and the thing we cannot refer to as the “deep state” or whatever are birthing and fostering. Look at all those pretty Grad rockets, fresh from their ammo crates, the ceremony of threading in the fuses, the random whoosh-BANG of unguided ballistic artillery rockets from their launchers, the mumbled or shouted invocation of the Deity which emits with “victory” or with the death of a comrade (in whateveer today’s alignment of “gunman” groups happens to be. “Capture the flag(s)” for man-children… Reply ↓ George Lane May 6, 2017 at 5:37 pm Thanks for sharing. Syriangirlpartisan recently posted a video of the aftermath of Syrian rebel forces bombing a truck full of civilians. This is the kind of extremely uncomfortable reality we should all be seeing, although even these images don’t really affect us too much, since they are still through a screen and thus not real for us in a certain sense. Still, better than nothing. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 11:09 am This Problem Isn’t Going Away: Heartless Police Shootings of Unarmed Black Americans Continue Into the Trump Era Alternet. The Dems domesticating Black Lives Matter was no accident. https://www.theatlantic.com/news/archive/2017/05/dallas-officer-charged-with-killing-jordan-edwards/525723/ The Dallas County District Attorney’s Office has issued an arrest warrant for Roy Oliver, the police officer who fatally shot Jordan Edwards, a 15-year-old high school student, on April 29. Late Saturday night, Oliver and his fellow officers responded to a report of underage drinking at a house party in Balch Springs, Texas. When the officers detected a black Chevy Impala driving away from the party, they ordered the driver to stop, but the driver ignored. Footage from the officers’ body cams showed Oliver, who had earlier gone to his car to retrieve his patrol rifle, firing at Edwards’s vehicle as it was leaving the scene. Balch Springs Police Chief Jonathan Haber originally misspoke when reporting the event, saying Oliver shot at the car as it was reversing toward him. Haber later amended his statement to clarify that the car was driving away from Oliver and his fellow officers. At the time he was shot, Edwards was seated in the front passenger seat of the car. His brothers and two friends were also present, but suffered no injuries. None of the passengers in the car were armed. =================================================================== I bring up Dallas cause is demonstrates a point I have read on a number of occasions. A lot of reform, particularly police reform, is a local matter. Dallas has elected black prosecutors, and undoubtedly that has entailed the only effective and real deterrent to police misconduct – a willingness to prosecute. Now, I also believe in Federal enforcement of civil rights laws to constrain the police…but there is the problem of Barrack Obama and Eric Holder…. https://newsone.com/1834865/craig-watkins-district-attorney-frees-innocent/ Reply ↓ Altandmain May 6, 2017 at 11:50 am What’s the point of these cameras if the police can tamper with the evidence? Reply ↓ Huey Long May 6, 2017 at 4:47 pm Why do you think the pba and fop aren’t crying that hard about them? The point is optics, aka the better pr panacea. Reply ↓ dennison p nyberg May 6, 2017 at 11:20 am When all else fails you can still red-bait: https://www.nytimes.com/2017/05/04/nyregion/a-principal-is-accused-of-being-a-communist-rattling-a-brooklyn-school.html?smid=fb-share http://nymag.com/news/features/park-slope-collegiate-integration-2014-4/ Reply ↓ Jonathan Holland Becnel May 6, 2017 at 1:41 pm The progressive labor party needs to occupy the NY Ed Admin Offices. SHUT THAT SHIT DOWN. Reply ↓ lyman alpha blob May 6, 2017 at 2:20 pm And even if she were a communist, so what? Last I checked it wasn’t illegal. But Great Turtle forbid that anyone espouse a political system that encourages sharing. The horror…. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 11:30 am http://www.milkenreview.org/articles/the-rigged-labor-market More than two centuries ago, Adam Smith, now widely regarded as a cheerleader for free market capitalism, raged that the market for labor was rigged. He argued that self-interested employers manipulated the labor market to drive workers’ wages below their competitive level. Smith warned that employers “are always and everywhere in a sort of tacit, but constant and uniform combination, not to raise the wages of labor above their actual rate.” And he ridiculed naysayers who denied that employers colluded to press their advantage against workers “as ignorant of the world as of the subject.” He further noted that “we seldom, indeed, hear of this combination, because it is the usual, and one may say, the natural state of things, which nobody ever hears of.” …… Much research in labor economics over the past quarter century has confirmed Adam Smith’s fear that employers routinely use anticompetitive practices to reduce pay and curtail worker mobility. ….. Adam Smith could not possibly have anticipated Buzz Lightyear, Nemo or Dory, but the animated movie industry provides concrete evidence of the conspiracy that he warned about. In early 2017, the Walt Disney Company and its subsidiaries Pixar, Lucasfilm and ImageMovers, became the last of the major film companies to reach a settlement in an antitrust suit brought on behalf of movie animators. Along with Sony, Blue Sky and DreamWorks, they agreed to pay $169 million to settle charges that they conspired to suppress compensation by agreeing not to solicit each other’s employees, to take special procedures when contacted by each other’s employees, and to coordinate compensation policies through direct, collusive communications. The evidence against the film studios, captured in emails, internal documents and sworn testimony, suggests that it was business as usual to conspire to avoid bidding away employees from competitors and to coordinate on pay setting to keep a lid on compensation costs. The conspiracy apparently began with a “gentleman’s agreement” between Pixar and Lucasfilm to avoid bidding wars over employees. George Lucas testified that, as a matter of policy, Lucasfilm “would not actively go out and recruit from other companies.” Emails from Lucasfilm human resources personnel indicate that the company even withdrew job offers to Pixar employees whom Pixar deemed “essential.” ====================================================== When you’ve lost the Milken institute, it just shows if your a wage earner, your really, really, REALLY F*cked….. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 6, 2017 at 8:16 pm The bastards! I hear this phenomenon is also prevalent in Silicon Valley too. Reply ↓ dcblogger May 6, 2017 at 11:32 am The Democratic Party Is a Ghost I’ve said before that the Democratic Party isn’t really a political party at all, but rather something closer to a think tank — a kind of failed academic enterprise whose principal output is dubious research written in the style of a press release and the occasional bemusing and ineffectual appearance on cable news. https://jacobinmag.com/2017/05/affordable-care-act-repeal-democrats-singing Reply ↓ kimsarah May 7, 2017 at 1:56 am Instead of doing an honest self-assessment, the party is doomed to keep repeating its failures. They may never get through all the stages of grief. Blame everyone else. They lie, they deceive, yet they expect you to continue to believe. Oh what a tangled web they weave. Have you noticed, they never have enough money? “Help us reach our goal — the Republicans are out-raising us and outspending us. We have to fight the evil Trump agenda.” Honestly, they are more irrelevant and pathetic today than ever. There is so much rot, there is no hope of fixing the party. They self-destroyed even faster than the Republicans, which I didn’t think was possible. Reply ↓ a different chris May 6, 2017 at 11:37 am Wow, the world is so f’d: Sneaker culture is shaped by substance as much as flash. Flight Club, for instance, prominently features sneakers linked to long-retired stars like Scottie Pippen, Patrick Ewing and Jordan not merely because those shoes are aesthetically pleasing, but because they are connected to incredible basketball talents. Substance? You keep using that word. I do not think it means what you think it means. I am weirdly rooting for the Ball family, actually. At least they can play “ball” at a very high level, unlike the whiter-than-sheets people who run Nike and etc. It’s the honesty of a $495 sneaker that costs $10 to make vs. the $175 of the one that costs $8 to make*. They are so expensive the kids can’t afford them. The $175 are priced to be just in reach. But maybe that might, probably not, but might make the kids think twice about why they are even buying the $175 pairs. *numbers made up, but bet they aren’t that far off Reply ↓ Sue May 6, 2017 at 9:11 pm The manipulative power of advertisement and the false science of sociological terms like “role model”… Kid, get yourself $495 sneakers and never give up, like Michael Jordan never did, and you will be like Mike. There is more to this simple statement than what appears to be. Reply ↓ Altandmain May 6, 2017 at 11:43 am It looks like Nina Turner is also criticizing Obama: http://thehill.com/homenews/campaign/331676-obamas-wall-street-payday-triggers-dem-angst They are now closing public schools in Puerto Rico because of the bankruptcy: http://www.telesurtv.net/english/news/Puerto-Rico-to-Close-184-Public-Schools-Amid-Crisis-20170505-0016.html?utm_content=buffer28da6&utm_medium=social&utm_source=twitter.com&utm_campaign=buffer Reply ↓ oho May 6, 2017 at 12:07 pm re. aspirin ive been feeding my dog a bit of baby aspirin and taking the rest for years. in this highly unscientific experiment of 1, dog is 14 and going strong. dont try this at home— unless you want to. Reply ↓ fresno dan May 6, 2017 at 12:10 pm http://aheadoftheherd.com/Newsletter/2017/Earth-Overshoot-Day.htm Long story short – the fact that Malthus was once wrong doesn’t mean he is always wrong. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 6, 2017 at 12:22 pm Some real political cartoons. Faster and more fun than our “real” news. http://www.msn.com/en-us/news/opinion/news-through-the-eyes-of-cartoonists/ss-BBxqeB7?ocid=spartandhp#image=91 Reply ↓ perpetualWAR May 6, 2017 at 12:25 pm The Credit Slips article was misleading. I was certain that was going to be about the President Obama museum. Reply ↓ OIFVet May 6, 2017 at 2:01 pm Did anyone see the library model that he unveiled? The thing is both big and hideous. Speaking as a neighbor, it does not fit with its immediate surroundings, and it will despoil Olmsted’s beautiful Jackson Park. It is already bad enough that Tiger Woods will drop a golf course in there, and Yoko Ono will contribute a hideous bandstage, now we have Obama’s vanity getting fed at the expense of a beautiful public space. And the supreme irony of all: the first black president’s ego will help gentrify Woodlawn and push a lot of low income blacks out of their own neighborhood. Reply ↓ perpetualWAR May 6, 2017 at 3:29 pm Ironic still: more black generational wealth lost under 1st black uncle tom president. Reply ↓ John Wright May 6, 2017 at 10:49 pm Obama should consider allocating a small wing in his museum/library to house the Museum of Political Corruption. It is apparently quite real, hosting roundtable discussions but is not open as a museum It has featured Zephyr Teachout. http://www.museumofpoliticalcorruption.org/ It is expecting to open for visitors in 2019, which might work fine with Obama’s museum’s schedule. Adult Bribe $12.50 Chidren’s Bribes $6.50 Corrupt politicians get in for free.. **************** Obama might be fearful of approaching the admissions desk and having them wave him in. Reply ↓ John B. May 6, 2017 at 12:55 pm Re: E-mail scammers. I recently learned who falls for transparently fake Nigerian scams. A relative has dementia — not enough to get her involuntarily treated, yet, but she’s tempted by frauds a sane person would see through in a moment. In fact, the scammers have an incentive to make them obvious — anyone who does respond must be highly vulnerable. One neglected problem with replacing pensions with 401(k) type plans is that it is much easier to strip a crazed individual of their retirement savings than of their pension. A large portion of the population will lose mental capacity to control their spending at some point in their lives — dementia, hoarding, bipolar disorder, compulsive gambling, certain addictions. Combine it with credit and investment industries eager to help them part with their money, and it’s a big part of the economy. Another way economists’ model of rational consumers makes no sense. Reply ↓ MoiAussie May 6, 2017 at 1:09 pm Sorry to hear that your relative got taken. There’s quite a bit of press and research on the subject e.g. this. It boils down to the high cost to the scammer of false positives – people who respond but don’t ultimately pay. So it’s optimal for them to make the scam so obvious that anyone who might recognise its illegitimacy is weeded out straight away. “Anybody who doesn’t fall off their chair laughing is exactly who they want to talk to.” Reply ↓ John k May 6, 2017 at 1:30 pm Maybe 401k should be converted to annuity, though have to pay withdrawal tax. Reply ↓ Nax May 6, 2017 at 4:21 pm After my Dad had a stroke he started accepting scams. He got on list after list, and was getting around a hundred items of mail a day at one point. They drained his bank account, sending him into negative territory and the bank landed him with huge penalty fees but kept cashing his checks until he was thousands in debt. He was directly defrauded of thousands (send us a check for $xxxx and we will send you your enormous winnings) but most of it went it sweep stake entry fees, magazine subscriptions, book clubs and bank fees. Fortunately he had a good pension, my Mum was able to take over the finances once we realized what was going on and I helped out a bit. It was clear that not only were they targeting the mentally impaired but there was a business built around distributing the contact information of ‘marks’. Reply ↓ gf May 6, 2017 at 1:15 pm Is Trumpcare a problem for rape cases? https://twitter.com/KillerMartinis/status/860302472404979712 Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 1:25 pm Aspirin May Prevent Cancer from Spreading, New Research Shows Scientific American For those allergic to aspirin, what options do they have? Reply ↓ Vatch May 6, 2017 at 7:46 pm Green tea is a possibility: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC3142888/ Other possibilities are sulforaphane from broccoli; lycopene from tomatoes, pink grapefruit, and other fruits; curcumin from turmeric; resveratrol and pterostilbene from grapes, blueberries, and pomegranates; quercetin from onions; and other nutrients from various foods: https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC2515569/ Reply ↓ JTMcPhee May 6, 2017 at 8:31 pm The neoliberal one, of course: ” Just die.” Reply ↓ Marina Bart May 6, 2017 at 8:44 pm There’s some evidence that marijuana does something positive with cancer. I can’t remember whether it slows replication or what the mechanism is. And as with all research or evidence about pot, it probably can’t be treated as dispositive without a lot more investigation. Reply ↓ Katharine May 6, 2017 at 1:44 pm Our fine conscientious representatives at work on health care (Chris Collins of New York, who looks like a deer in the headlights): But not reading bills can have serious consequences. Later on Thursday, Collins admitted that he didn’t know the AHCA will cost New York $3 billion in federal funds — money that’s used to insure 19,000 of his constituents. From The Buffalo News: Told by a Buffalo News reporter that the state’s largest loss of federal funds under the bill would be $3 billion annually that goes to the state’s Essential Health Plan, Collins said: “Explain that to me.” http://readersupportednews.org/news-section2/318-66/43406-house-republican-didnt-know-the-health-care-bill-he-voted-for-could-cost-his-state-3-billion His staff subsequently accused the nasty newspaper of twisting his words to make him look bad. Perhaps he should confine himself to yes and no. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 1:44 pm Museum of Failure. In the same way, a Museum of Not-Doing is long overdue. The idea can be illustrated thusly: Saving a life = Not taking a life. That is, for example, we can say, getting a drowning cat out of water = not shooting a cat. For another example, meditate on this: Not inventing the atomic is like, or equivalent to, finding the cure for cancer. For millennia, we have focused on the doing something part and on the people doing those things. We’ve made them famous. It’s out of balance in the sense that we have ignored those who could have invented the atomic bomb, but refrained from doing that, or those who could have built great military, political or financial empires, but chose not to. We don’t even know who they were or are. But no more. “This year’s award goes to Yama Bum, who could have gone to Berkeley, but declined.” The Hall of Fame, or Museum, of Not Doing. Reply ↓ perpetualWAR May 6, 2017 at 1:58 pm Obama’s Museum could be the first to elevate this concept. “I could have prosecuted the bankers, but didn’t.” Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 2:34 pm Quite a triple crown winner, but it belongs to 2 museums, the museum of not doing, and the museum of failure. That’s regrettable, for his work could have been such, that it would have been in the museum of not doing, and the museum of success, had he chosen a different path. Reply ↓ perpetualWAR May 6, 2017 at 3:31 pm Another Obama I coulda: “I coulda stopped the 14 million unlawful foreclosures, but didn’t.” Reply ↓ Elejefe145 May 6, 2017 at 2:41 pm The fake invoice scam can be more sophisticated than the Nigerian scams. We have seen a few at our medium sized company where the President appears to approve a request from the CFO and forwards the email chain to the Treasurer. Names are correct, but they don’t know our internal controls. Better effort, same result. Reply ↓ John k May 6, 2017 at 2:45 pm Listened to the draft Bernie guy, seemed at least hopeful. Signed petition, sent info to family. Draftbernie.org Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 2:59 pm Juncker (in French): English losing importance. I think they need one unifying language in Europe. Makes monetary union easier. Reply ↓ MyLessThanPrimeBeef May 6, 2017 at 3:03 pm Kagawa Prefecture and Niigata Prefecture have the most famous “straw art festivals,” which are large straw sculpture displays. Traditionally, straw was used to thatch roofs. In much the same manner, these straw sculptures are thatched around wooden frames. But instead of roofs, enormous dinosaurs, bugs, and much, much more are created. Did anyone make a straw man, and could still win village arguments later? Reply ↓ Jeremy Grimm May 6, 2017 at 7:00 pm Don’t they make something like a strawman in some of the out-lying areas of the British Isles? I think there was a movie or two about that. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 6, 2017 at 10:22 pm You mean the Wicker Man, the one they burn? Supposedly the Druids burned it with people in it – not so sure about that. Reply ↓ Karl Kolchak May 6, 2017 at 3:20 pm “State Department Promotes Ivanka Trump’s Book In Another Ethics Blunder” Not surprising. I worked at DOS for 22 years, and their are no more grovelling rear end kissers in all the federal government than foreign service officers. It would be quite funny to see the faces of those career appointees responsible when they realize this blunder is going to hurt rather than help their promotion chances. Reply ↓ LifeIsLikeABeanstalk May 6, 2017 at 5:23 pm TRUMPS NEW OPIOID STRATEGY: http://www.politico.com/story/2017/05/05/donald-trump-opioids-drug-control-funding-reaction-238047 But think of all the $$ it will generate for the owners of privatized prisons. With Jeff Sessions as head concierge. Reply ↓ Vatch May 6, 2017 at 8:15 pm Wouldn’t it be simpler for the government to just prosecute a few of the Opioid Lords at Purdue Pharma? Oh, wait, Purdue is owned by the Sacklers, and they’re very rich. Silly me. Never mind. Reply ↓ Aumua May 6, 2017 at 10:04 pm Yeah well I didn’t get my heroin from Purdue when I was doing it. And honestly f*** the war on on drugs, too, which is basically what this Office of National Drug Control Policy represents. But of course since it’s Trump he’s “slashing funding for fighting the opioid epidemic.” or whatever. Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 6, 2017 at 6:24 pm ” Atheists Sue President Trump Over His ‘Religious Liberty’ Executive Order” Any lawyers have a take on this case? Unfortunately, it sounded very thin and speculative to me, but what do I know? Reply ↓ marym May 6, 2017 at 7:29 pm Not about this case but here’s the ACLU’s statement on why it’s not suing at this time. https://www.aclu.org/news/aclu-statement-so-called-religious-freedom-executive-order Reply ↓ Vatch May 6, 2017 at 8:12 pm I’m not a lawyer, but this paragraph from the article implies that the FFRF (the plaintiffs), would be satisfied with a very limited victory: “If Trump’s lawyers want to march into that courtroom and tell the world and President Trump that this order doesn’t do anything, we would consider that a win,” Seidel said. “But given his statements and the very clear message he communicated to churches, we don’t think that’s what’s going to happen.” Reply ↓ skippy May 6, 2017 at 7:03 pm The FY 2018 Congressional Progressive Caucus Alternative Budget, The People’s Budget: A Roadmap for the Resistance tackles systemic issues with comprehensive solutions, from the impact of climate change on rural communities and communities of color, to implementing criminal justice reforms, to repairing and replacing outdated infrastructure to create millions of sustainable, good paying jobs all over the country. Among many important provisions to improve our nation, the People’s Budget will: Invest $2 trillion in America’s infrastructure to transition to a 21st Century economy and transform our energy, water and transportation systems Expand our commitment to efficient renewable energy and green jobs, including job assistance and training for those transitioning from fossil fuel to clean energy jobs Invest $100 billion to increase affordable access to reliable, high-speed internet Protect and expand affordable healthcare for millions of Americans, including support for states to transition to a single-payer healthcare system and provisions to lower prescription drug prices Create and promote a fair tax system that benefits working families by ending tax loopholes, corporate giveaways and tax breaks for billionaires and Wall Street and ensuring that billionaires and Wall Street pay their fair share of taxes End corporate tax breaks for offshoring American jobs and profits Tax Wall Street to fund Main Street Expand the Earned Income Tax Credit and the Child Care Credit Ensure fair elections by increasing funding for voter protection and legal assistance programs and strengthening key election integrity reforms Advance criminal justice reform and promote safety of American communities by developing community oriented policing reforms, increasing funding to address hate crimes, and promoting policies and initiatives to significantly reduce gun violence Curb special interest and dark money influence in politics by ensuring public financing of campaigns Expand affordable housing for low-income Americans by increasing Community Development Block Grants and HOME funds to cities, allocating $32 billion for Public Housing repairs, ensuring 100% of operating needs for Public Housing, adding 400,000 new Section 8 Vouchers and fully funding the End Homelessness Act Reduce military spending by eliminating unneeded weapons and reducing rather than increasing the US nuclear arsenal, to fully fund badly needed social programs rather than the profit margins of giant military contractors http://www.demos.org/publication/people%E2%80%99s-budget-roadmap-resistance Reply ↓ skippy May 6, 2017 at 7:59 pm “Sanders was the convener and first CPC Chairman. Bill Goold served as Staff Coordinator for the Progressive Caucus in its early years until 1998. The founding CPC members were concerned about the economic hardship imposed by the deepening recession, and the growing inequality brought about by the timidity of the Democratic Party response in the early 1990s. On January 3, 1995 at a standing room only news conference on Capitol Hill, they were the first group inside Congress to chart a detailed, comprehensive legislative alternative to U.S. Speaker Newt Gingrich and the Republican Contract with America, which they termed “the most regressive tax proposals and reactionary social legislation the Congress had before it in 70 years.” The CPC’s ambitious agenda was framed as “The Progressive Promise: Fairness.” Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 6, 2017 at 10:18 pm So it was a response to being out of power. Reply ↓ Huey Long May 6, 2017 at 8:10 pm No comment from the disheveled marsupial? Reply ↓ Kurt Sperry May 6, 2017 at 7:13 pm From the left field bleachers: http://fontmap.ideo.com A cool map where you can explore and compare fonts. Reply ↓ ewmayer May 6, 2017 at 8:09 pm o “Gender inequality is holding back US economy, Yellen warns | Financial Times” — Ah, so it’s not government-abetted rampant wealth inequality and elite looting which have made it impossible to maintain a decent middle-class lifestyle on a single worker’s salary irrespective-of-gender … it’s sexism, IdPol-style. Good to know! [Which is not say that gender inequality ain’t a problem, but I find the “IdPol über Alles” politics-of-distraction-from-the-elephant-in-the-room-issues ploys of so many of our Dear Leaders to be rather telling at this point.] Reply ↓ Dr. Roberts May 6, 2017 at 8:30 pm I “Deleted” my Facebook back in 2013 and then decided to get back on Facebook about a year later. All of my previous information was still there. Pictures, messages, everything. Nothing was ever actually deleted. I chose the “Delete” option, not the “Deactivate” option, and I took every step short of sending them a written letter to delete my account. So no, you can’t actually delete your Facebook account, even if you “Delete” it. Reply ↓ craazyboy May 6, 2017 at 8:45 pm It’s a straw MAMMOTH! Reply ↓ B1whois May 6, 2017 at 9:27 pm Last month I returned from a month in Northern California to my almost-new-home of Uruguay. I got off the plane in the early afternoon and I was amazed to see a difference to the quality of light that I have never seen before. Buildings looked like they were glowing and my it was so intense that my eyes actually watered for the first few days. I seem to have adjusted now but I am interested to know if anyone has had a similar observation in another place or has any theories about it. If this phenomenon is unique or especially enhanced in this region then my theory is that it is related to the hole in the ozone over Uruguay, OR the South Atlantic Anomaly https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/South_Atlantic_Anomaly The SAA is associated with a weakened area of the earth’s magnetic field which “leads to an increased flux of energetic particles in this region,” according to the article. Do any of these things sound like they could affect the visual perception of illumination/brilliance of sunlight? Thanks in advance for any comments, as I am greatly intrigued by this mystery! Reply ↓ Oregoncharles May 6, 2017 at 10:14 pm It might have a lot to do with all that time on the airplane. How long does the trip take? Or maybe it’s your relief at being away from the US. We’ve considered moving to Uruguay; keep us informed of your experience. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments clinical wasteman on Links 5/6/17now that you happen to mention stealing Gibson... bob on Links 5/6/17A more up to date version of some... different clue on Our Current Food System Is Broken and Unjust—We Need a Paradigm Shift That Values Nutrition as a Human RightHere is that boingboing video article Guy Makes... different clue on Growing Inequality Under Global CapitalismCapitalism didn't fix itself, any more than a... different clue on Links 5/6/17Since they flatter themselves as being an aristocracy... Topics Africa (20) Australia (129) Auto industry (95) Banana republic (3,047) Banking industry (4,657) Brexit (53) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (571) Commodities (459) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,631) Curiousities (273) Currencies (908) Derivatives (689) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,484) Dubious statistics (584) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,786) Energy markets (509) Environment (459) Europe (627) Federal Reserve (1,269) Free markets and their discontents (1,434) Garrulous insolence (67) Global warming (330) Globalization (1,108) Guest Post (6,583) Health care (395) Hedge funds (418) Income disparity (981) India (18) Infrastructure (80) Investment banks (745) Investment management (503) Investment outlook (854) Japan (204) Legal (1,907) Links (3,074) Macroeconomic policy (979) Market inefficiencies (231) Media appearances (74) Media watch (874) Middle East (148) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (292) OCC (12) Payment system (48) Permaculture (33) Politics (5,070) Private equity (517) Privatization (70) Real estate (1,528) Regulations and regulators (3,605) Ridiculously obvious scams (458) Risk and risk management (720) Russia (240) Science and the scientific method (196) Social policy (1,028) Social values (1,798) Species loss (53) Student loans (53) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (122) Taxes (387) Technology and innovation (463) The destruction of the middle class (1,369) The dismal science (1,466) TPP (84) UK (120) Water Cooler (668) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- May 6 - May 9 Posted:   05/05/2017 07:56:48 PM MDT Today, May 6 Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Family Fun Saturday — 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., Overland Trail Museum. Help plant the pumpkins that will be used during the museum's "Afternoon at the Museum" and "Another Night at the Museum." Free for children ages 12 and under accompanied by adult; adult admission $3. Information: 970-522-3895. Bike Rodeo — 9 a.m. to noon, Prairie Park. Light of the Plains Christian Motorcycle Association — 9 a.m., Logan County Chamber of Commerce, 109 N. Front St. Chalk Walk — 11:30 a.m. adult artists chalk walks, 1 to 3 p.m. public invited to make chalk creations, downtown Sterling. Other afternoon attractions include balloon artist, face painting, Clarence's Corner, Grebel Truck, Burritos and Bowls, glass blowing, water booth, Hawaiian Ice, water provided by Sterling Fire Department. Youth Softball Assessments — 1 p.m., softball fields. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. Advertisement Logan County Jefferson Jackson Day Dinner — 5:30 p.m. social hour, 6 p.m., inner, Knights of Columbus, 421 S. 11th Ave. Cost $25 per person. Auction to follow program. Reservations needed by Thursday, April 27; call Peter Youngers 522-2040. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m. FM Country. Cost is $7. Everyone is welcome. NJC Spring Ensemble Concert — 7 p.m., Dorothy Corsberg Theatre inside E.S. French Hall. Tickets $5 for community members, NJC students and staff free. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Sunday, May 7 Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Youth Softball Draft — 1 p.m., Sterling Public Library Community Room. Master Chorale Spring Concert XXVI — 4 p.m., NJC Dorothy Corsberg Theatre inside E.S. French Hall. Admission $10 for adults, students 12 and under free when accompanied by adult. Tickets available at KC's Music & Electronics, Mega Music and Family Food Market. Information: 522-1015. Monday, May 8 SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Cards and Pool — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Legal Self-Help Clinic — 2 to 5 p.m., Sterling Public Library, 420 N. 5th St. Via computer link, for parties without an attorney. Walk-ins welcome, volunteer attorneys will assist one-on-one. Everyone will be helped on first-come, first-served basis. Circle of Parents in Recovery Group — 5 to 6 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Free childcare is provided. No enrollment requirement, join at any time. Information: cleanslatemngr@frcsterling.org, 970-520-2939 or www.facebook.com/logancleanslate. Gazebo Jazz Concert — 6 p.m, Logan County Courthouse Gazebo. Featuring Sterling High School and Middle School musical groups. Peetz High School FFA Banquet — 6 p.m., at the school. RE-1 Valley Retirement Reception — 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., Tennant Art Gallery, inside Hays Student Center at Northeastern Junior College. Caliche FBLA Banquet — 6:30 p.m., at the school. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. TOPS: Take Off Pounds Sensibly — 7 p.m., VFW Hall, 803 Phelps St. Call 522-8396. Ladies Auxiliary Patriarchs Militant Victory No. 7 — 7 p.m., I.O.O.F. Hall. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7:30 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Tuesday, May 9 Metabolism Screening — 7 to 9 a.m., Sterling Regional MedCenter. This 30-minute screening measures your oxygen consumption which will provide the information needed to determine a personalized calorie budget. Call 521-3260 for an appointment. Logan County Commission Meeting — 9 a.m., Courthouse 2nd floor meeting room. Baby Story Time — 9:30 to 10 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages newborn to 18 months, with an adult. Foot Care Clinic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. SilverSneakers Classic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Little Readers — 10:30 to 11:15 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages 3 to 5. Sterling Lions Club — Noon, Elks Club. Cross My Heart Ministries Brown Bag Bible Study — noon to 12:45 p.m., Rock Assembly of God, 916 S. 4th Ave. Geared for women who work outside the home and would like to attend during their lunch hour. Information: Call 526-2732 or e-mail crossmyheart@kci.net. Quilting Class — 1:30 p.m., Heritage Center. Sterling Parks Library and Recreation Board Meeting — 4:30 p.m., Sterling Public Library. Weight Watchers — 5:15 p.m., Broadway Plaza, Suite 14. Call 522-0231. Under the Umbrella of LCC Meal — 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., Prince of Peace Church, 201 Phelps St. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Smart Girls and Guys Youth Club — 5:30 p.m., Family Resource Center. Sterling High School Academic Awards Banquet — 6 p.m., Northeastern Junior College. Fleming K-4 Music Concert — 6:30 p.m., at the school. Knights of Columbus Bingo — 7 p.m., K of C Hall, 421 S. 11th Ave. Public welcome. Sterling City Council Meeting — 7 p.m., City Hall. Sterling York Rite — 7:30 p.m., Masonic Lodge. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Early Childhood Council Logan, Phillips, Sedgwick celebrates early educators The Early Childhood Coucil Logan, Phillips, Sedgwick (ECCLPS) is excited to announce National Provider Appreciation Day!   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Goal setting for a healthy lifestyle Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- May 6 - May 9   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Community Briefs Education Health Politics AP State AP - National AP News Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports AP Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Columnists Multimedia Opinion Special Sections Bakersfield Life Kern Business Journal Sponsored About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 52° Overcast Bakersfield, CA (93301) Today Chance of showers. Tonight Considerable cloudiness with occasional rain showers. Low 49F. Winds SSE at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 50%. Updated: May 6, 2017 @ 10:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Community Briefs Education Health Politics Election 2016 Off the Press Opinion 2016 Presidential Election Results 2016 Local Election Results 2016 California Proposition Results AP State AP - National AP News Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports AP Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Columnists Herb Benham Jose Gaspar Lois Henry Olivia Garcia Richard Beene Robert Price Steve Merlo Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit Community Voices Submit Special Sections 150th Anniversary Bakersfield Business Conference Just One Breath Kenny Graham Merle Haggard Seasons Year in Review: 2016 Bakersfield Life 20 under 40 People to Watch Kern Business Journal Sponsored Home News News Close THE BAKERSFIELD CALIFORNIAN Shoppers bustle in and out of the Walmart on Rosedale Highway in this file photo. City memo: No Wal-Mart coming to Olive and 99; fencing coming to Centennial Corridor area BY DOROTHY MILLS-GREGG dmgregg@bakersfield.com May 5, 2017 0 THE BAKERSFIELD CALIFORNIAN Shoppers bustle in and out of the Walmart on Rosedale Highway in this file photo. City Manager Alan Tandy's weekly memo to the mayor and city council Friday had several items of note: No Wal-Mart at Olive and Highway 99 Walmart announced to city staff that it will not open a Supercenter at Olive Drive off of Highway 99. However, the supermarket chain said it is reviewing sites in Bakersfield to add Walmart Neighborhood Grocery Stores, like the newly opened one in Artisan Square that is near Brimhall and Allen roads. Centennial Corridor-area residents to get privacy fencing Later this month, the city announced, it will begin installing nearly a mile and a half of privacy fencing in several locations along the to-be-constructed Centennial Corridor. These fences will be 8 feet high and similar to those along the north side of 24th Street. They are meant to provide privacy, and they will "shield" residents from future construction activities. The city decided to place these screens after receiving feedback from affected residents during community meetings. These residents are primarily in the area south of California Avenue and north of Stockdale Highway. Exact fence locations can be viewed on the Thomas Roads Improvement Program website: www.bakersfieldfreeways.us. No Wal-Mart at Olive and Highway 99 Walmart announced to city staff that it will not open a Supercenter at Olive Drive off of Highway 99. However, the supermarket chain said it is reviewing sites in Bakersfield to add Walmart Neighborhood Grocery Stores, like the newly opened one in Artisan Square that is near Brimhall and Allen roads. City still ninth largest Bakersfield's population has grown by 55 percent since 2000, according to population estimates by the California Department of Finance.  The department estimates Bakersfield's population reached 383,512 people as of January 2017. That is a 1.1 percent growth rate from last year. Bakersfield is still the ninth largest city in California, with about 25,000 more people than the tenth largest, Oakland. Also, Bakersfield makes up 43 percent of Kern County's population. Dorothy Mills-Gregg can be reached at (661) 395-7368. Follow her on Twitter via @TBCCityBeat. Bakersfield's Population The City of Bakersfield is still the 9th largest city in California.  January 2017 Population: 383,512 Change from previous year: 1.1 percent Growth since 2000: 55 percent Kern County residents who live in the City of Bakersfield: 43 percent Source: Bakersfield City Manager's General Information packet × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Videos 4:05 BVarsity Nightly for May 5 Updated May 5, 2017 0 1:51 VIDEO: Bakersfield's Day of Prayer Updated May 5, 2017 0 4:33 BVarsity Nighly for May 4 Updated May 4, 2017 0 Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Departure of State Farm could hurt, but no one knows how much Supervisors reject 'non-sanctuary' proposal following passionate debate County nears impasse with law enforcement unions Deputies agree to plead guilty to drug charge in case connected to disgraced BPD cop CSUB graduating class surprised by sudden ticket announcement LOIS HENRY: Anti-oil activists don't know who they're picking on Wasco closing in on first baseball league title since 1993 Kern County educators celebrated at Teacher of Year event Downtown march calls for resistance, equality DANNY MORRISON: Don't let racial microaggressions become macro Images Videos Commented Sheriff proposes "non-sanctuary" status for Kern (20) Sheriff's anti-sanctuary proposal nixed, won't be heard by supervisors (11) JOSE GASPAR: Adios, mamá (11) Supervisors reject 'non-sanctuary' proposal following passionate debate (10) Downtown march calls for resistance, equality (8) Deputies agree to plead guilty to drug charge in case connected to disgraced BPD cop (6) DANNY MORRISON: Don't let racial microaggressions become macro (6) LOIS HENRY: 'Unpopular' science plays a vital role in getting at the truth (6) Rudy Salas latest local Dem slapped down for bucking party (5) LOIS HENRY: Anti-oil activists don't know who they're picking on (5) Today's e-Edition Login Subscribe Sections News Obituaries Sports Opinion Entertainment Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Online Features Services Subscriber Services Submission Forms Place an Ad Marketplace Events Email Alerts Search Weather Contact Information Bakersfield.com 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA 93301 Phone: (661) 395-7500 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 Bakersfield.com, 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to main navigation Top Navigation SECTIONS News Arts Life Sports Opinion Obituaries Events Galleries Classified CapRegion Cars CapRegion Homes CapRegion Jobs Classified Place a Classified Ad Rentals Login Subscribe Home News Local State National/World Business Education Arts Theater & Dance Music Movies Books Galleries & Museums Life Food Health History Home Restaurants Sports Local High School College National Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Blogs & Columns Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Blogs & Columns Obituaries Events Galleries Classified Hide Advanced Search Narrow your search News Arts Life Sports Opinion All Date Range FROM TO   Subscriber login Enter your email address. Enter the password that accompanies your email address. Forgot Password? Leave this field blank Sunday, May 7, 2017 Local News What you need to know for 05/07/2017 First responders run for the hills and each other11:59 PMStudent shatters glass ceiling11:59 PMCaring for the community11:59 PMAlways Dreaming wins Kentucky Derby11:58 PMNational Grid rate hike plan embarks on tortuous review7:00 PM Caring for the community Caring for the community St. Mary's Healthcare provides free screenings during event Daniel Fitzsimmons | May 6, 2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL More than 70 St. Mary's Healthcare employees and community members volunteered at Saturday's Medical Mission at Home event. Photographer: Daniel Fitzsimmons/Gazette Reporter St. Mary’s Healthcare in Amsterdam held a “Medical Mission at Home” event on Saturday where members of the public could get health screenings and consultations at no charge.  “It’s just a day where anyone can come regardless of their insurance status and get healthcare services,” said Bri Giulianelli, director of community benefits for St. Mary’s.  The event took place in the hospital’s Carondelet Pavilion on Guy Park Avenue. Giulianelli said the hospital had a pediatrician, a podiatrist, two primary care doctors and two nurse practitioners on hand to screen and advise patients on a walk-in basis.  Dr. Kevin Cope, a primary care doctor at St. Mary’s, said the event is a good way to reach people who normally wouldn’t schedule a doctor’s appointment.  “Some people have no insurance, they have no primary care provider and haven’t seen a doctor in years,” said Dr. Cope. “I just felt as a physician, I should support this event and the community, it was worth taking a Saturday and doing.”  Dr. Cope said he often travels to Honduras on mission trips where he provides free healthcare services, “but it’s great to be able to provide that to our own community.”  The “Medical Mission at Home” event name is a nod to the mission-style health care being offered right on St. Mary’s campus. While the event has occurred at other hospitals in the Ascension Health network, the parent company of St. Mary’s, Saturday's was the first to be held in Amsterdam.  “We forget that there’s so many people in our own community that need help too,” said Giulianelli. “We don’t want to forget about them.”  The free health care services offered included general medical services for adults and children, vision and hearing screenings, foot care, behavioral health care and health insurance enrollment. Free transportation to and from the event was also provided to area residents by the hospital.  More than a dozen community organizations also participated by having a table at the event. These groups included Centro Civico, Hamilton Fulton Montgomery Prevention Council, Wal-Mart Vision Center, Community Hospice and Montgomery County Office for Aging.   Victor Baldarassi, an optometrist with Wal-Mart, said he screened several individuals who had no idea that anything was wrong with their vision.  “You think you’re seeing fine and you’re not,” said Baldarassi with a laugh. He said he and his colleague volunteered for the event to get out in the community and offer free vision screenings to people who normally wouldn’t consider getting their eyes checked.  “Anybody that we saw wouldn’t have gone on their own and scheduled an appointment with an eye doctor before we saw them,” said Baldarassi. Giulianelli said the event was designed to reach people who never get checked up due to the cost involved or other impediments to obtaining health care.  “We have a very poor population in Amsterdam, and a very rural population in Montgomery County,” she said. “Thirty-eight percent of our population lives in poverty, so this is a great service for them.”  The event drew over 70 volunteers from St. Mary’s and the surrounding community.  Gary and Sylvia Howard of Johnstown were out on the sidewalk in front of the Carondelet Pavilion, spreading the word about the event.  “It’s a wonderful program and very community centered, and I wanted to be a part of it,” he said. “They have a ton of volunteers and I think that’s great.” Giulianelli said while the event Saturday only drew a couple dozen people, St. Mary’s is planning to hold another medical mission next year and they’re expecting greater turnout at future events.    View Comments Hide Comments Related Content First responders run for the hills and each other National Grid rate hike plan embarks on tortuous review Could someone please start a local ride-hailing app? Father, son charged in Rotterdam bar fight Judge upholds $7.5M verdict in local fertility case Man to get prison, forfeit $100K, Lexus in drug case Acquittals, conviction in Crossgates shooting case Town to consider allowing houses on fringe of golf course Officials meeting to end 'Log Bay Day' SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Premium Content National Grid rate hike plan embarks on tortuous review 7:00 PM Could someone please start a local ride-hailing app? 5:59 PM Purcell back in NCAAs, this time with his Saint Rose team 3:22 PM The task: 'Gentling' a wild mustang 4:30 AM Stay up-to-date with the Daily Gazette's PM Edition The latest news delivered directly to your inbox every day at 2 p.m. Email Address Most read in Local News Tinted car windows? Here are the new rules Judge gives babysitter 18-year prison sentence Men denied parole in 2004 Schenectady shooting death Saratoga Race Course breaks attendance record in 2016 Uncommon Grounds brews up a new location in Clifton Park The locally owned voice of the capital region Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Plus Pintrest RSS The Daily Gazette Co. 2345 Maxon Rd Ext. PO Box 1090 Schenectady, NY 12301 Get Directions (518) 374-4141 © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service Learn more about the Daily Gazette Advertise with the Daily Gazette Services Contact Us Activate Online Access Missed Delivery Vacation Stop FAQ Advertise Careers Place a classified ad E-Edition Subscribe Quick Links Ask a Doc Fun & Games Area Legislators Places of Worship Closings Weather TV Listings All Blogs & Columns Submit a Letter Buy Photos Other Publications & Events 50+ Living Expo Your Niskayuna Your Clifton Park CapRegion Pets Footer menu © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service You have 0 articles 1 articles 2 articles 3 articles 4 articles 5 articles 6 articles 7 articles remaining of Daily Gazette free premium content. You have reached your monthly premium content limit. Continue to enjoy Daily Gazette premium content by becoming a subscriber. Start here Already a subscriber? Log In
The Sixer Sense Home Videos About 76ers76ers NBA Draft Free Agency Analysis/Opinion HistoryHistory All-Time Lists Rumors Write For Us Schedule Shop MoreMore Write for us Tickets Facebook Twitter NBA Draft: Jayson Tatum Could Be the Philadelphia 76ers’ Paul George by Christopher Kline Philadelphia 76ers Meet Prospects At 2017 NBA Combine by Bret Stuter2 hours agoFollow @milroyigglesfan Tweet Share x GPlus Pin Comment Next1 of 8Prev post Use your ← → (arrows) to browse The 2017 NBA Combine Begins May 9 through May 14 in Chicago, Illinois. Which prospects will the Philadelphia 76ers have their eyes upon? The NBA Combine is not nearly as headlining as the NFL Combine. On one hand, perhaps it’s a smaller number of invitees. On the other hand, perhaps its the fact that many of the nations top talents simply pass on the event. For the Philadelphia 76ers, it’s the WalMart of NBA scouting. Everything under one roof, even if the results are not as specialized. As recently as last year, the “who didn’t attend” included Philadelphia 76ers Ben Simmons, Los Angeles Lakers  Brandon Ingram, Oklahoma City Thunder Domantas Sabonis, and San Antonio Spurs Dejounte Murray.  In fact, that failure to attend did not seem to hurt their chances of selection in the 2016 NBA Draft. As a result, you can expect some of the bigger names in this year’s NBA Draft to avoid showing up for the competition as well.  But there will be NBA executives attending, as well as plenty of press, so that makes it almost obligatory for all players to put in appearances. After all, it’s never too soon to get on the good side of the press. Many Invited A quick preview for the NBA Draft Combine. Some notes who will/won’t be there, and who needs to play well https://t.co/8cZGcZJiKq pic.twitter.com/WgWP69P1CH — Sam Vecenie (@Sam_Vecenie) May 6, 2017 While there are only 60 NBA Draft slots, more than 60 players are invited to the combine. Not only does that afford all players who might hear their name have the opportunity to attend, but the attendees may revoke participation in the NBA Draft if they have NCAA eligibility remaining and they have not hired an agent. Those who attend and are still on the fence can use the NBA Combine to focus their work in NCAA Men’s Basketball.  After returning to collegiate competition, they can return the next year improved – both in skillset and in draft projections. Next: Several No-Shows Next1 of 8Prev post Use your ← → (arrows) to browse Load Comments Top Stories The Sixer Sense 14h agoNBA Draft: Jayson Tatum Could Be the Philadelphia 76ers' Paul George Sports Illustrated NBA 3d agoWe're Still Talkin' About Practice!: Timeline of references to Allen Iverson's legendary presser The Sixer Sense 16h agoWhat the Philadelphia 76ers need to do this offseason The Sixer Sense 18h agoPhiladelphia 76ers: Johnson's Weekly Mailbag 3 Newsletter Featured Products Fanatics $69.99Men's adidas Joel Embiid Red Philadelphia 76ers Alternate... Amazon $4.29Philadelphia 76ers NBA Basketball Bumper Sticker 5" x 5" Amazon $24.30NBA Philadelphia 76ers Men's Easy Choice Long Sleeve Basi... Your Philadelphia 76ers. Your inbox. Every Day. Build your own custom daily newsletter with updates on your favorite teams, sent directly to your inbox. Your privacy is safe with us. We’ll never pass along your email address to spammers, scammers, or the like. About About Masthead Press Openings Swag Stay Connected Our 300+ Sites Mobile Apps FanSided Daily Google Newsstand FanSided Deals Contact Technical Support Advertise Writer Application Tips Download our mobile apps Your favorite teams, topics, and players all on your favorite mobile devices. © 2017 FanSided Inc. All Rights Reserved. FanSided Fandom 250 NBA More NBA News » More NBA Features » View all NBA Sites Topics Fantasy Basketball NBA Draft NBA Playoffs NBA Free Agency All NBA NBA All-Star Weekend Ranking the last 50 NBA Champions 50 Greatest NBA Duos of All-Time Best Player from Every State The Step Back More The Step Back » More Nylon Calculus » View all The Step Back Sites Topics Welcome to The Step Back NBA Season Preview Who Will Take the Eastern Conference from LeBron? The NBA MVP Race is the Same as it Ever Was Hoops Habit More Hoops Habit » More Top Lists » View all Hoops Habit Sites Topics Hoops Habit NBA Hoops Habit NCAA 50 Greatest Players w/out Championship 50 Greatest Players of All-Time 25 Best Players on Every Team Fantasy Basketball More Fantasy Basketball » More Daily Fantasy Basketball » View all Fantasy Basketball Sites Topics Fantasy CPR Daily Fantasy FanDuel DraftKings Draft Simulator Cheat Sheet Creator Rankings Analytics More Miscellanea » More 2016 Offseason » View all Analytics Sites Topics Our Stats Nylon Calculus 101 What we Know Team Shooting Breakdown Team Ratings & Statistics Player Shooting Breakdowns NBA Draft More NBA Draft » More NBA Mocks » View all NBA Draft Sites Topics 2016 NBA Draft Results 2017 NBA Draft Preview Deals Apps Daily Email Our Sites Sports Illustrated More SI Top Stories » More Extra Mustard » View all 300+ FanSided Sites Features Magazine MMQB Swim SI Now SI Wire SI Longform Campush Rush The Cauldrin 120 Sports Tweet Share Pin GPlus Comment ' Search for: 'Search FanSided NBA Draft: Jayson Tatum Could Be the Philadelphia 76ers' Paul George by Christopher Kline We're Still Talkin' About Practice!: Timeline of references to Allen Iverson's legendary presser by The SI Staff What the Philadelphia 76ers need to do this offseason by Matthew Fleming Fandom 250 NBA The Step Back Hoops Habit Fantasy Basketball Analytics NBA Draft Deals Apps Daily Email Our Sites Sports Illustrated About/Contact Our 300+ Sites About FanSided Newsletter Contact Us Mobile Apps Story Tipline Openings Privacy Policy Apply Terms of Use Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram Youtube iOS App Android App Our 300+ Sites About FanSided Newsletter Contact Us Mobile Apps Story Tipline Openings Privacy Policy Apply Terms of Use Facebook Twitter Google Plus Instagram Youtube iOS App Android App
Search for: njtoday.net – New Jersey's oldest weekly newspaper Main menu Skip to content Home Union County Middlesex County NJ News Opinion Health Money Schools Recreation & Lifestyle Sports Offbeat News Sub menu About us Advertise Print Subscriptions Send us stuff Share Your Family Events Citizen Journalism Classified Ads Food & Recipes Featured, Local Phil Murphy invested in profitable corporations that paid no taxes by Staff Report • May 7, 2017 • 0 Comments Goldman Sachs billionaire Philip D. Murphy has corporate connections that make him unqualified to lead in government, according to a vocal critic who charged that his campaign for governor would be “a hostile Wall Street takeover of the Democratic Party and New Jersey” because he invested in corporations that stashed profits in offshore accounts so they could pay no taxes. “I am very disturbed by the stock selections in which this greedy billionaire has invested,” said Murphy detractor Lisa McCormick. “Tobacco companies, polluters, ‘too big to fail’ banks, military contractors, and companies that are known for cheating workers and robbing taxpayer subsidies, such as Walmart, make up a large part of Phil Murphy’s stock portfolio and it reflects shameful greed.” “Perhaps most alarming, greedy Phil Murphy owns stock in 15 of the 18 profitable tax-dodging corporations that paid no federal income tax at all from 2008 to 2015,” said McCormick. “The same greedy corporations President Donald Trump wants to reward for evading their responsibility to pay taxes and paying dividends to Phil Murphy. He owns stock in many of the 258 corporations that paid no federal income tax in one or more years despite showing big profits.” “Phil Murphy invested in profitable corporations that paid no taxes,” said McCormick. “These tax-dodging corporations stashed about $2½ trillion in overseas accounts so they can cheat everyone else in America. Understand that a trillion is a million times a million, so we are talking about a lot of money and Phil Murphy, as a former Goldman Sachs partner and top level Wall Street executive, he knows they are putting profits ahead of patriotism.” McCormick said a financial disclosure statement filed with the Election Law enforcement Commission reveals hundreds of companies in which Murphy has stock holdings. Also, McCormick said corporate tax cheaters, billionaires buying elections and the resulting economic inequality that is distressing so many Americans demands a cure that is not going to come from someone among the richest one-percent of the population. “The time has come to consider new, bold ways to make our economy work again for all Americans. In a time of immense wealth, no one should live in poverty, nor should the middle class be consigned to a future of permanent stagnation or anxiety,” said McCormick, who is supporting Senator Raymond Lesniak for the Democratic nomination. “Handing power to a greedy Wall Street billionaire is not going to accomplish the economic justice for which Americans are starving, no matter what poll-tested rhetoric he utters in expensive TV commercials.” “There are some wonderful investment opportunities in socially conscious businesses, but greedy Phil Murphy did not put his money where his mouth is, he bought stock in companies that have shafted working Americans and decimated this nation’s middle-class,” said McCormick.   Connect with NJTODAY.NET Join NJTODAY.NET's free Email List to receive occasional updates delivered right to your email address! Online Form - Constant Contact Signup Form HTML Form Builder Print PDF Post navigation ← Banker may face jail time Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertise With NJTODAY.NET Copyright © 2017 njtoday.net. All Rights Reserved. The Magazine Basic Theme by bavotasan.com.
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Tip Us ... Vudu Disc-to-Digital goes mobile: scan your DVD collection and convert it to digital for a fee [Updated] Rita El Khoury Follow View All Posts 2017/03/23 6:12am PDTMar 23, 2017 14 Plus 1 on G+ 93 Share on Facebook 36 Share on Twitter Total Shares143 Applications News Update 1: 2017/03/23 4:23pm PDT The app changelog is now up: WHAT'S NEW **Introducing Mobile Disc to Digital – Convert from your phone!** Use your mobile device to convert your Blu-ray and DVD discs into Vudu has offered a Disc-to-Digital service for a while for those who wanted to convert their physical DVD and Blu-Ray movie collection to digital. However, the service either required you to pop into a Walmart with all of your discs in hand or download the app on your computer and insert discs one by one to verify that you own them. Now, the option is available on mobile. Through an update to the Vudu app, which doesn't seem to be live yet, Vudu users will be able to scan the barcode off their DVDs and Blu-Rays and let the app offer them the digital version in return. There are a couple of catches though plus a fee to pay. First, the service only has about 8000 movies in the catalogue now, so you may run into one or many that aren't yet supported. For example, Disney's movies aren't available, but you shouldn't have problems with Lionsgate, Paramount, Sony Pictures, 20th Century Fox, Universal Pictures, or Warner Bros. Second, you have to physically be at your billing location because the app will request a GPS verification to make sure you're at home scanning your own collection and not strolling through a store and scanning everything on the shelves. Third, there's a limit of 100 titles per year per account, which seems like a reasonable way to avoid potential abuse from those who manage to get around the location limitation. As for the price, it costs $2 to convert a DVD to SD or a Blu-Ray to HD, but $5 to upgrade a DVD to HD. One complimentary conversion will be offered for Vudu users to try out the service. If neither the catches or prices turned you off, the feature should go live today so keep your eye on an update to the Vudu app if you're interested. Update 1: 2017/03/23 4:23pm PDT The app changelog is now up: WHAT'S NEW **Introducing Mobile Disc to Digital – Convert from your phone!** Use your mobile device to convert your Blu-ray and DVD discs into digital movies! Upgrade your app and convert your collection today! • It’s easy! Scan the UPC, convert with a click, and watch anytime, anywhere • Conversions start at just $2; watch instantly • Access your movies on any Vudu compatible device Don’t have your UPC? Try Vudu To Go on your computer or laptop and convert with your disc. Learn more at vudu.com/disc End of Update Download QR-Code Vudu Movies & TV Developer: VUDU Price: Free Press Release Movie Lovers, Rejoice: Walmart’s Vudu Launches First Mobile Service that Transforms DVDs and Blu-rays into a Digital Collection Vudu’s Mobile Disc-to-Digital is Available Starting Today for Nearly 8,000 Movies March 23, 2017 12:01 AM Eastern Daylight Time SUNNYVALE, Calif.--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Vudu, Walmart’s subscription-free, premium video streaming service, announced today the launch of the first mobile offering to convert DVDs and Blu-rays into digital libraries, right from a customer’s phone. Available beginning today, March 23, at 12:00 a.m. EDT, Mobile Disc-to-Digital turns DVDs and Blu-rays into digital movies* with a simple scan through the Vudu app. These movies can then be viewed on hundreds of Vudu-enabled devices including televisions, Blu-ray disc players, gaming consoles, streaming players and through the Vudu app on phones and tablets. Over the past several years, Vudu has seen increased demand for its offerings that bridge physical and digital entertainment, including its in-home Disc-to-Digital service and InstaWatch, which automatically sends customers a digital copy of eligible DVDs or Blu-ray discs purchased at Walmart stores and on Walmart.com. “The average movie collector owns nearly 100 DVDs and Blu-rays.** We know these customers have invested a lot into building their physical movie collections,” said Jeremy Verba, general manager, Vudu. “As more and more customers create digital libraries, we are constantly looking for ways to help them unlock additional value from the movies they already own.” Mobile Disc-to-Digital works on iPhones and Android devices and is available for nearly 8,000 movies from Lionsgate, Paramount Home Media Distribution, Sony Pictures Home Entertainment, Twentieth Century Fox Home Entertainment, Universal Pictures Home Entertainment and Warner Bros. Home Entertainment. Additional titles will be added in the coming months. Movie fans can convert a DVD to SD or a Blu-ray disc to HDX for $2. To upgrade DVDs to HDX, it will cost $5 per title. All Vudu users will receive one complimentary first-time mobile conversion. Mobile Disc-to-Digital conversions must take place at a customer’s home / billing address. Mobile Disc-to-Digital works in three easy steps: 1. Scan – Navigate to Disc-to-Digital in the Vudu app and scan the barcode on the physical disc case. 2. Convert – Choose SD or HDX. Submit one title or scan all of your movies before submitting. 3. Watch – Watch your movies on any Vudu-enabled device. “Like Walmart, at Vudu we’re always striving to save our customers time and money,” added Verba. “Our Mobile Disc-to-Digital service is a key part of Vudu’s broader effort to make digital entertainment access simple and convenient.” For more information on Vudu, visit www.Vudu.com. *Customers need a free UltraViolet account in order to use Mobile Disc-to-Digital **Fox Media & Tech Tracker - 2016 About Vudu With more than 100,000 titles that can be watched on movie lovers’ favorite devices, Vudu gives users anytime, anywhere access to favorite movies and television shows. At home or on the go, online or offline, Vudu delivers a premium entertainment experience with the latest in digital video and entertainment technology, including 4K Ultra High Definition, Dolby Vision HDR and Dolby Atmos Cinema Sound. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better - anytime and anywhere - in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, over 260 million customers and members visit our 11,695 stores under 59 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2017 revenue of $485.9 billion, Walmart employs approximately 2.3 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Tags blu-ray to digital convert dvds to digital disc-to-digital vudu walmart subscribe ... Previous Story [Deal Alert] Arlo Q 2-pack of 1080p cameras available for $260 on Amazon ($90 off) ... Next Story [Deal Alert] Get a Sony Xperia XZ for $430 ($220 off) with a U.S. warranty from eBay Trending 262 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 98 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 82 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 Comments FernandoRocker What prevent us to just generate the barcodes and scan them from the computer's screen? Justin W Same thing that prevents you from walking into a store and scanning an on-the-shelf DVD you haven't purchased: nothing. F4LL0U7 The GPS feature prevents you from doing it at the store, but you could take a photo at the store and then do it at home. I don't really care enough to go through that hassle, but I'll definitely do the one complimentary conversion to try out the service. Impulse_Vigil I'm curious what does the location feature check for... Cause my billing address is a P.O. box a couple miles from my house. Zorn85 ...well presumably it will check to see if you are at the billing address, which you wouldn't be if it's a PO Box. They may not even accept PO Boxes as billing addresses for that very reason. Impulse_Vigil Vudu does, at least in general, it might error out for the purpose of this service tho. Hasn't gone live so can't very well try it and find out... Gregory What's a billing address? Brett What's a horse shoe? What does a horse shoe do? Are there any horse socks? Is anybody listening to me? Gregory You might be joking, but I genuinely have no idea what a billing address is. Internet search reveals that it's "an address to which you receive your credit card statement", but I've never seen a "credit card statement" in my life either... Matt Do you know what a shipping address is? Demitrius Harris Everybody knows that... clearly, a shipping address is a speech given to an audience of ships. Clearly. My1 well putting credit cards aside, you probably have to register with an address in case any bills or whatever may arrive, and the app will check whether you are at your registered address. F4LL0U7 Everybody my age pees their pants, it's the coolest disqus_Xz3y8OiO3O The address your credit card is registered on. tehboogieman UPCs for DVDs and Blurays are easily available online just like almost any movie that's on this list, Don't even need to go anywhere. I guess it's a way for pirates to launder their movies, but hardly seems worth it to pay for something a person is willing to "steal" Justin W Ah, missed that part of the article. Still, it's quite stupid to assume this would stop anyone from trying to get discount movies, as others have mentioned UPCs are available pretty much universally online. Impulse_Vigil You still need to pay per disc, so I imagine between the 100 movie cap and the cost they've crunched the numbers on possible losses... If you're going to all these trouble you'd probably just pirate it thru p2p anyway. Demitrius Harris Some people rather not steal, no matter the cost or savings. Impulse_Vigil You're misinterpreting my comment, I never justified stealing or pirating... Shoot I commented I'd be trying this out, I *still* buy BDs and even CDs. What I'm saying is that the companies behind this are aware there'll be a certain amount of people trying to game the system and they probably already crunched the numbers on potential losses... Plus they know that pirating a movie online is still much much easier, so they don't need to put so many safeguards on this system... Not that many people are gonna go around scanning barcodes with pretend addresses in order to steal online copies of a movie. Demitrius Harris Thank you for clarifying and yes, I misunderstood what you meant. HeyRadar Honestly, $2 (or $5.00) is a fair price for a media-less video anyway. Why digital and physical copies stayed the same price, was just price fixing. My1 I would agree if this is offline and without annoyances, but I have experienced too much of the bullshit happening there to believe that that would happen. Quint’s Sharking & Seashells Or you could just do it yourself at home using Handbrake. FernandoRocker But you could theoretically stream the Vudu movies from anywhere, not just locally. Impulse_Vigil Yeah that's one advantage... Uploading a bunch of rips to a cloud account or streaming them from home is certainly possible but more of a hassle. slayer91790 Then that's were Plex comes into play. mog386 But with handbrake you can't get hd versions of your DVDs. With Vudu you can get the HDX copy for a bit more. Which is perfect if you have a giant DVD collection that you never got rid of... Like me. Matt But you can't take a picture of a dvd in a store and put the picture into Handbrake. Shagnscooby Headline probably shouldn't imply you can do your whole collection for free when you only get one. A bit click-batey. DEKKER Read again: "for a fee". marcusmarcus2 I hate how articles headlines are click-batey when I don't read them. How dare they. Reading is hard. /s SHunter Couldn't you jus go to the store and start scanning barcodes? Just price checking! /wink cajunflavoredbob Settings > Developer Options > Enable Mock Locations Yes. Yes you could. You could also do a Google Search at home for the DVD box art, which would get you the barcode at home. If they block mock locations, root users can move the mock location app to /system. However, for all this hassle of trying to game Vudu as a service, you could also download the films illegally and not be restricted to Vudu's service. Point is that there are always ways around the artificial road blocks set up by media companies. Illegal is illegal. Choose your poison. Nathan J Well, you're still paying $5 for HD or $2 for SD. The fact that you supposedly bought it on DVD doesn't really matter. I mean, does it really? You could have bought the disc used for however low. You could have borrowed it from a friend. The idea that they made money on the first sale of the DVD is beside the point. They're selling you access to a DRM-locked digital file for $5. It's not an unfair price for the consumer, and it's straight profit to the rightsholder. I don't think you can really cheat them, since you're paying either way. Unless it's the free copy, which I'm guessing Vudu pays for. But they're paying regardless, and they don't see a single rusty red cent of the DVD's initial sale, so it doesn't matter (much) to them. Or at least it shouldn't. Dan DeBartolo It's $2 for HD if you are scanning Blu Ray titles. $2/pop for 1080p titles that are viewable offline is pretty sweet. My1 you dont even need mock location, you also could just take a picture of the DVD with barcode and take a picture of that picture to scan the barcode, or you check google images. teh Jax Now I just need this to work on my HDDVD titles! jm9843 I did this in-store one time and they treated it like a DVD. So the 'conversion' to HD was a little more expensive ($5 instead of $2). teh Jax No shit?! That's pretty awesome! brararsh At first I read it as "Scan your DVD collection and convert it to digital for FREE". My Bad. :) Max Johnson Me too. Why the heck would I want to do it for a 'fee' when I can do it for free myself. enoch861 Well your first conversion is gratis. So there's that. Jeff Beck Keep in mind if you convert 10+ movies at a time you get a 50 percent discount, bringing the cost down to $1 a movie or 2.50 for an HD upgrade if you are using a DVD copy. I converted all the titles I could from my own library a couple years ago. I love not having to use discs anymore and my collection is available almost anywhere through VUDU. marcusmarcus2 Nice catch. Robert Preston It appears they sadly ended that promotion, finally. Josh The standard (long standing) 50% off for converting 10 titles at a time has now expired. Now, newcomers to D2D who use the mobile app to convert titles, get 50% off of 10 for their first conversion only. Previous users get 100% off their first mobile conversion, for a single title. Chris Griffin "Ok." - Plex users mjholtzem So it looks like this service is backed by UltraViolet, so that means discs that you convert with this service should be available on other UltraViolet clients such as Flixter right? enoch861 I believe so. But don't quote me on that. mjholtzem Any clue how that might work with "hdx" titles? enoch861 On other services it'll show up as HD since Vudu is the only one that has "HDX". As far as I can tell any Blu-Ray is redeemed as an HDX title. All my Blu-Rays I've redeemed (with the UV code) show up as HDX. mjholtzem If that's true this is actually pretty compelling Josh Yes, about UltraViolet and Flixster Video. JPMcMillen Not necessarily. I've got a few UltraViolet movies I can watch on Vudu, but are marked 'Currently Unavailable' on Flixter. Flixter does show the movies in the list, so it's not like it can't find them, they just aren't available through them. Richard Branches Wish we could have this in other countries, I remember Vudu was planning to go internationally starting with Mexico but it didn't work out, which is sad 😞... Josh When I travelled, I was able to get it working with a VPN connection. Also Hola Unblocker worked in Chrome. Leonardo Baez Limitation of 100 titles per year.... But I have a 450 titles collection. (Dvds plus blurays) Jeff718 Pay again to have access anywhere without carrying around a DVD player. Nathan J Anywhere? So you can download the files for offline use and watch on an airplane? Or anywhere you have unmetered broadband access? Because there is a pretty big difference there. Not trying to be snarky here. I am unfamiliar with the Vudu service. I do have a couple movies up there. Since I started buying Blu-rays, a couple of them have had the digital HD option. (Pro tip, never do Google. They only offer SD copies. Found that out the hard way with Independence Day. Digital HD copy? Google is an option? Oh, Google only offers it in SD? And I can't change my mind and use Vudu instead? Well that sucks!) ProvoAggie They do allow offline playback. You can download them using the app on your tablet, phone or PC. Dan DeBartolo You absolutely can do offline playback. I download a bunch to my iPad Vudu app before hitting the road. The Ultraviolet linkage also means titles share between platforms like Flixster video, and it's Disney Movies Anywhere friendly. When the 50% for 10 or more titles was active I converted my entire DVD collection to HD digital at $2.50/pop. Some of the remastered prints are a pretty penny on their own, and to get some classics in HD was well worth it. The old SD DVDs age with time. It was a no brained for me. br_hermon I doubt it but... does VUDU allow you to download the files locally so you can store them and play them via VLC, Kodi, etc? Is there DRM? or is it proprietary, and you can only view them on VUDU's servers (streaming)? Japzone It's just like all the other VOD services like iTunes, Google Play, etc. You stream from them, and they have a few apps that support offline playback. Plenty of DRM layered on as required by Hollywood. Jeff718 I toss my cases and put my discs in a binder. Am I screwed if I want to use this service? HeyRadar You may not be able to use the smartphone app, but you can still use the service using a PC, or taking your discs to Walmart. Course, you could probably find the UPC on the internet. Josh Note that the in-store Walmart conversion service ends on April 1. Mr. Robot Sounds like there's no conversion involved. This company just sells you those movies in digital form for a lower price because you already own the physical discs. But the article misses some important information, f.e. what format you get and if there's DRM or not. I bet there is. Japzone It doesn't miss anything. This is clearly about Vudu, a popular VOD Streaming service owned by Walmart. Everything is streamed and DRM protected, with some apps that support offline playback. Just like every other VOD Streaming service out there that deals with Hollywood content. Mr. Robot Sorry, not everybody who reads AP is from the US. I have never before heard of this service and as I said, the word "conversion" is a bit misleading IMO. And even after your answer I still don't know the format. Is it h264, hevc, VP9? Japzone There is no user accessible format. The content is accessed like Netflix. You stream using their website or apps, and the apps have a DRM protected offline function so you can store videos offline for a flight or trip. The user never gets direct access to the files. Sorian >400 dvds and blu-rays.... yeah... that's expensive for now. RyanT I'd say about half of my collection came with digital copies, would be nice to eventually have the other half digital as well, not to mention upgrading those awful old DVDs. Motoinsistor It's live now, just showed up for me in settings pfmiller Doesn't work for me. Tried my free conversion and it app just "captures" your UPC before you even have a chance to line up the barcode. Even if you manage to get the barcode lined up in time it always reports that it can't find the UPC. Michael Scapp I tried this today, and I got an error message every time. Still buggy, hoping it gets better with updates. My1 is this thing US only? would be great to convert my anime collection over. but probably the digital version is either online only and/or riddled with DRM Skeeter P I added some the first night. Now I tried to add more and it keeps saying location has to be same as billing address. It won't work. I didn't move from night before?? Powered phone off. restarted. checked location Button nothing helps. Any ideas? Max Miller http://www.upcitemdb.com You're welcome... myluna I hope they bring back the 50% off for 10 or more. I usually waited until I had 10 blu-rays or dvds to do the conversion. Otherwise, the price isn't worth it for me. Not yet anyway. Maybe they'll bring back that promotion on occasion. Otherwise, I'll probably utilize this option for only the movies I really love. I'll stick with Handbrake and Plex for most of my collection. Follow Android Police 1.49M 467k 143k 114k Latest Deals 19 [Deal Alert] Runtastic Road Bike Pro is free on the Play Store (down from $4.99) 2017/05/06 1:33am PDTMay 6, 2017 0 [Deal Alert] Costco offering cash cards, charging kits, and more for Galaxy S8/S8+ activations 2017/05/05 6:53pm PDTMay 5, 2017 3 [Deal Alert] Fossil smartwatches discounted 25% everywhere 2017/05/05 11:36am PDTMay 5, 2017 20 [Deal Alert] Finish off the week with 44 temporarily free and 12 on-sale apps 2017/05/05 9:06am PDTMay 5, 2017 18 [Update: Groupon] Deal Alert: Bragi's truly wireless earbuds, The Dash, are $100 on Woot for a refurbished pair ($200 off) 2017/05/05 1:10am PDTMay 5, 2017 Latest Poll Do you use a screen protector on your phone? Yes, a glass one. Yes, a plastic one. I used to, but no longer. No. View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 52 Hands-on with Hulu TV: Great, but I'm confused about the audience 2017/05/05 11:02am PDTMay 5, 2017 81 BlackBerry KEYone review: A tale of a decent phone full of annoyances 2017/05/04 6:00am PDTMay 4, 2017 306 Google Pixel long-term review: Still the best smartphone I've ever used 2017/05/02 3:28pm PDTMay 2, 2017 12 Under Armour Sport Wireless Heart Rate review: A great step in the right direction 2017/04/30 2:43pm PDTApr 30, 2017 27 UE Wonderboom review: A super adorable waterproof speaker that sounds great 2017/04/30 8:08am PDTApr 30, 2017 Latest Roundups 8 21 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/26/17 - 5/2/17) 2017/05/02 5:43pm PDTMay 2, 2017 9 7 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/25/17 - 5/1/17) 2017/05/01 12:44pm PDTMay 1, 2017 9 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/19/17 - 4/25/17) 2017/04/25 6:29pm PDTApr 25, 2017 1 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/18/17 - 4/24/17) 2017/04/24 1:15pm PDTApr 24, 2017 11 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 10 F-Droid 0.103 is finally out of alpha, brings a snazzy new design [APK Download] 2017/05/06 7:35pm PDTMay 6, 2017 23 Server-side tests have broken Google Now and the Play Store for some users 2017/05/06 5:53pm PDTMay 6, 2017 7 Hands-on: Socratic launches Android app for homework answers 2017/05/06 12:04pm PDTMay 6, 2017 7 Ubisoft brings Hungry Shark VR to Daydream 2017/05/06 6:00am PDTMay 6, 2017 51 Google Wallpapers now has two entirely new categories 2017/05/06 2:29am PDTMay 6, 2017 Blast from the Past 27 1 Year Ago Today WhatsApp Is Working On Video Calls, NFC Tags And Group Invites, Voicemail, And Zip File Sharing 2016/05/06 8:41am PDTMay 6, 2016 284 2 Years Ago Today [Update: Google Be Trollin', Yo] Android M Will Be Announced At Google I/O 2015, According To Conference Schedule 2015/05/06 10:31am PDTMay 6, 2015 9 3 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] O'Reilly Knocks 50% Off All eBooks And Videos In Honor Of Day Against DRM 2014/05/06 5:53pm PDTMay 6, 2014 4 4 Years Ago Today TV Guide Mobile Version 3 Released With Interface, Experience Overhaul For ICS, Jelly Bean Users 2013/05/06 7:57pm PDTMay 6, 2013 8 5 Years Ago Today [Deal Alert] Sprint's Galaxy Nexus Available For $149.99 From Amazon Wireless 2012/05/06 8:17pm PDTMay 6, 2012 7 6 Years Ago Today Android Continues Enormous Market Share Growth, Samsung Keeps Top Spot Among OEMs 2011/05/06 8:40pm PDTMay 6, 2011 1 7 Years Ago Today Not Going To Google I/O May 19-20th? Then Catch Google I/O Keynote Speeches Streamed Live Online 2010/05/06 10:13pm PDTMay 6, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 51 Google Wallpapers now has two entirely new categories 2017/05/06 2:29am PDTMay 6, 2017 23 Server-side tests have broken Google Now and the Play Store for some users 2017/05/06 5:53pm PDTMay 6, 2017 41 The Google Home has a built-in library of relaxing ambient audio 2017/05/06 7:26am PDTMay 6, 2017 6 Google is "currently exploring solutions" for connecting existing Google accounts to Family Link 2017/05/06 7:09pm PDTMay 6, 2017 10 F-Droid 0.103 is finally out of alpha, brings a snazzy new design [APK Download] 2017/05/06 7:35pm PDTMay 6, 2017 Last 7 Days 82 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 488 Opinion: Even if you can, you probably shouldn't buy a Google Pixel anymore 2017/05/01 2:09pm PDTMay 1, 2017 51 Google Wallpapers now has two entirely new categories 2017/05/06 2:29am PDTMay 6, 2017 81 Comparison: All of the Android Wear devices announced or released in 2017 so far 2017/05/04 7:45am PDTMay 4, 2017 38 [Deal Alert] Get a free Samsung Entertainment Kit with your Galaxy S8 or S8+ purchase from May 3rd to May 16th 2017/05/03 6:07pm PDTMay 3, 2017 Last 30 Days 262 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 98 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 82 T-Mobile announces 'Premium Device Protection Plus' for $15 per month 2017/05/05 9:07am PDTMay 5, 2017 488 Opinion: Even if you can, you probably shouldn't buy a Google Pixel anymore 2017/05/01 2:09pm PDTMay 1, 2017 105 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 134 queries | 0.761s | hive Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
News Sports UK Sports Entertainment 46° Full Menu 46° Home News All News Business Communities Counties Crime Education Hot Topics Lexington Most Wanted Nation/World News Photos News Videos Politics Searchable Databases State Watchdog Columns Tom Eblen Sports All Sports UK Sports College Sports Next Cats Recruiting High School Horses Kentucky Speedway Lexington Legends Reds MLB NBA NASCAR NFL Sports Photos Sports Videos Columns John Clay's Columns Mark Story Next Cats Recruiting UK Sports All UK Sports Next Cats Recruiting Baseball Basketball - Men Basketball - Women Recruiting Ex-Cats Football UK Photos UK Videos More UK Sports Columns John Clay's Blog Mark Story Politics Politics Elections Entertainment All Entertainment Books Celebrities Comics Puzzles & Games Events Calendar Horoscopes Movies Music Restaurants Stage & Dance TV Visual Arts Entertainment Photos Entertainment Videos Blogs News Blogs Kentucky Weather Photo Archive Sports Blogs John Clay's Blog High School UK Football UK Men's Basketball UK Women's Basketball Lexington Legends Entertainment Blogs Rich Copley's Blog Walter Tunis on Music Opinion All Opinion Editorials Joel Pett Larry Dale Keeling Larry Webster Letters to the Editor National Columnists Op-Ed Submit a Letter Living All Living Celebrations Family Fashion Food & Drink Fru-Gal: Deb Morris Health & Medicine Home & Garden Paul Prather Religion Travel Readers' Choice Obituaries Kentucky Obituaries Obituaries in the News Submit an Obituary Hot Topics Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us About Us E-edition Photo & Page Reprints RSS Feeds Special Sections Site Information Advertise With Us Circulars Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Local Deals Shopping Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Classifieds Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Homeseller Legal Notices Place an Ad facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:32 How Always Dreaming won the Kentucky Derby Pause 0:49 Timelapse: The Most Exciting Two Minutes in Sports 1:47 Kentucky Derby 143: From the party scene to the winners' circle 0:49 Veterinarian on Thunder Snow 36:41 Always Dreaming trainer, jockey, owners in full post-win press conference 1:06 'My Fair Lady' fashion at the Kentucky Derby 2:16 Brooklyn Boyz Stables lives the dream in Kentucky Derby 0:26 Steve Asmussen proud of Lookin At Lee 0:49 Corey Lanerie thought he was going to win 0:37 Ian Wilkes: The winner was too good Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Jeff and Carrie Ketterman of Louisville were determined to have a "My Fair Lady" style Kentucky Derby, and a little rain was not going to stop them. rcopley@herald-leader.com Kentucky Derby May 06, 2017 2:14 PM My Fair Derby: Rain or shine, crowd stays fashionable By Rich Copley rcopley@herald-leader.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story The skies over Louisville didn’t offer up any problems a knee-length, pink polka dot raincoat or a pair of red Walmart rainboots couldn’t solve. For many, Kentucky Derby attire is a meticulously planned proposition, usually with visions of sunny skies and highs in the 70s in mind. Saturday’s 40s and 50s, with intermittent showers, prompted some to change plans, while others made the best of it. “I have always wanted to do ‘My Fair Lady’ at the Derby,” said Carrie Ketterman, who was playing Eliza Doolittle to her husband Jeff Ketterman’s Henry Higgins in the paddock area Saturday. The weather did not deter their plans, as he stood in a brown seersucker suit with a matching bowler, and she wore a white dress with lace sleeves and a hat that looked like it had been borrowed from Audrey Hepburn’s closet. “After this much planning, rain or shine, I was wearing it,” Carrie said. Fortunately, before they departed London — the one in “My Fair Lady” — milliner Cress Esser and her husband Toby Esser checked the weather, and were able to pack Toby a yellow, velvet Versace suit with a matching Vineyard Vines tie with a design that picked up Cress’ red Louboutin boots. Before traveling up from Rome, Ga., Margie Beauchamp checked the weather, and when she saw the forecast, she hit up Amazon Prime for a pink polka dot raincoat and black boots she selected to match her pink and black hat. This was her second Derby, and the first one was also a rainy day she did not plan for — a mistake she wasn’t going to make twice. Kara Frank and Jason Contessa of Roanoke, Va. packed along thick, clear ponchos, but forgot her boots. So an emergency Walmart run was made for a classic pair of red boots. Contessa, alas, could not find pants as colorful as the bright blue shorts he was sporting, so he was hoping — like most — the sun would come out. Jeff and Carrie Ketterman wore a My Fair Lady inspired outfits at Churchill Downs Saturday, May 6, 2017 in Louisville. Amy Wallot Chess and Toby Esser, London, dressed in designer outfits for Derby at Churchill Downs Saturday, May 6, 2017 in Louisville. Amy Wallot Ashley Knowles, Donna Carter and Stacie Carrier try to stay dry under a tarp in the paddock area at Churchill Downs Saturday, May 6, 2017 in Louisville. Amy Wallot Skip Koepnick, of Wyoming Mich., watches horses circle the paddock before the second race on Derby day. Alex Slitz aslitz@herald-leader.com Ashley Cebak from Chicago made this 5-7 lb hat herself, over the course of a month. Dan Desrochers ddesrochers@herald-leader.com 1 of 5 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:32 How Always Dreaming won the Kentucky Derby Pause 0:49 Timelapse: The Most Exciting Two Minutes in Sports 1:47 Kentucky Derby 143: From the party scene to the winners' circle 0:49 Veterinarian on Thunder Snow 36:41 Always Dreaming trainer, jockey, owners in full post-win press conference 1:06 'My Fair Lady' fashion at the Kentucky Derby 2:16 Brooklyn Boyz Stables lives the dream in Kentucky Derby 0:26 Steve Asmussen proud of Lookin At Lee 0:49 Corey Lanerie thought he was going to win 0:37 Ian Wilkes: The winner was too good Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 3 hours ago Always Dreaming trainer, jockey, owners in full post-win press conference 36:41 3 hours ago Always Dreaming trainer, jockey, owners in full post-win press conference 1:47 4 hours ago Kentucky Derby 143: From the party scene to the winners' circle 2:32 5 hours ago How Always Dreaming won the Kentucky Derby View More Video Kentucky Derby What happened to the other 19 contenders in the Kentucky Derby? Emotions get best of Pletcher after second Derby victory For jockey John Velazquez, winning Derby for patron Todd Pletcher ‘very special’ Kentucky Derby win a dream come true for Brooklyn owners A Dream scenario in the Derby for Todd Pletcher Kentucky Derby Sports Videos Subscriptions Paper Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Delivery Vacation Stop Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Mobile Options Advertising Contact Us Place a Classified Ad Local Deals Shopping Digital Solutions Media Kit More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Home Classifieds Tools Solano News California / US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery 7,878 123 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA Business Recalls this week: strollers, electric massagers By The Associated Press From page B10 | May 07, 2017 ShareTweet ShareTweet Combi Shuttle stroller and car seat travel systems are being recalled because connection defect that poses a fall hazard to infants. Other recalled consumer products this week include electric massagers and women’s scarves. Here’s a more detailed look: STROLLERS DETAILS: Combi Shuttle model strollers and car seats, which when used together are called a travel system. The strollers and car seats have model number 6100027 or 6100100 printed on a label on the base of the car seat and stroller’s leg. Combi is printed on the front of the stroller and the car seat. Shuttle is printed above the model number. They were sold online at Amazon.com, Babies R Us.com, Target.com and other online retailers from June 2015 through September 2016. WHY: The car seat can disengage from the stroller’s frame, posing a fall hazard to infants. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 1,000. FOR MORE: Call Combi USA at 844-332-6730 from 8:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. ET Monday through Friday or visit www.combiusa.com and click on “Safety Notifications” at the bottom of the page for more information. Combi USA will contact consumers who registered their products. ELECTRIC MASSAGERS DETAILS: Three models of hand-held massagers, HHP-375H, HHP-250 and the PA-MH-THP. All models of the massagers have a 120 VAC, 60 HZ power cord. “HoMedics” is printed on the massagers. All manufacturing dates for all three models are included in the recall and the item date code can be found in either one of the cord prongs or in the rating label located on the underside of the product. Date codes can be identified as a four-digit number WWYY where WW is the sequential week of the year and YY is the last two digits of the manufacturing year. They were sold at Bed Bath & Beyond, Macy’s, Rite-Aid, Walmart and other stores nationwide and HSN from August 2013 through February 2017. WHY: The cord can break near the base of the massager and expose the wires, posing an electric shock and burn hazards. INCIDENTS: 140 reports of exposed wires, sparks, smoking and some shooting flames coming from the massagers. There have been 15 reports of burn injuries to consumer’s fingers and other parts of the body. HOW MANY: About 400,000. FOR MORE: Call HoMedics at 888-803-0509 from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. CT Monday through Friday or visit at http://www.homedics.com and click on the Product Recall tab for more information. FURNACES DETAILS: 80-percent efficiency gas-fired furnaces sold under the Goodman, Amana and Daikin brand names used with home heating and cooling systems. The recalled products have model numbers beginning AMEH80, DM80HE, and GME8, and serial numbers beginning 1609, 1610, 1611 and 1612. The brand name is shown on the outside of the furnace, and the serial number is located on the label found by opening the furnace door. They were sold at Goodman, Amana and Daikin heating and cooling equipment dealers nationwide from September 2016 through January 2017. WHY: The blower motor is not grounded, posing an electrical shock hazard to individuals servicing the units. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 4,100. FOR MORE: Call Goodman at 888-770-7126 from 7 a.m. to 6 p.m. CT Monday through Friday or visit www.goodmanmfg.com and click on “Product Recall” at the bottom right hand corner of the page for more information. SEGWAY CHARGERS DETAILS: Segway PT Off-Board Chargers made from January 2015 to October 2016 with part number 23288-00001. The Segway brand name is on the charger above these wires. Chargers with the following serial numbers are included in the recall: 15201C000362, 15201C000364, 15201C000366, 15208C000404, 15208C000406, 15222C000460, 15225C000486, 15225C000489, 15225C000494, 15242C000546, 16210C000621, 16210C000629, 16210C000630, 16210C000631, 16210C000632, 16210C000635, 16210C000636, 16214C000638, 16214C000639, 16214C000641, 16214C000642, 16214C000643, 16214C000645 and 16214C000646. The serial number and part number are on a silver data plate attached to the bottom of the charger. They were sold at Segway dealers and distributors and directly from Segway Inc. from January 2015 through April 2017. WHY: A wire inside the charger can detach and touch the side of the charger, posing a shock hazard. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 24. In addition, 17 were previously recalled in September 2015. FOR MORE: Call Segway at 866-473-4929 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET, Monday through Friday or visit www.segway.com and click on Off-Board Charger Recall for more information. WOMEN’S SCARVES DETAILS: DG Fashion women’s scarves with fringe. The recalled scarves measure about 78 inches long by 27 inches wide, are shimmery in appearance, and were sold in the following colors: black gold, blue, green, purple, gold and wine red. The scarves are made from 70 percent silk and 30 percent polyester. They were sold at www.amazon.com from June 2015 through March 2017. WHY: The women’s scarves fail to meet federal flammability standard for clothing textiles, posing a risk of burn injuries to consumers. INCIDENTS: None reported. HOW MANY: About 200. FOR MORE: Call DGFA at 866-606-9099 from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday or send email to [email protected] for more information. ShareTweet ShareTweet The Associated Press Story Archive Leave a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name (required) Email* (will not be published)(required) Website* Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Discussion | No comments The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. Search Recent Articles Today’s Print Edition Crash investigation closes portion of Hilborn Road Puerto Rico to close 179 public schools amid crisis Caltrans announces I-780 overnight closures Recalls this week: strollers, electric massagers Punching in past 65: Older-worker rate highest since 1962 Day 1 of Travis air show a sight to see Fairfield Post-Acute Rehab honorees TVGrid Signups for Sunday, May 7, 2017 Wisconsin-based atheist group sues Trump over church order Daring Army jumpers impress onlookers Tour helicopter crashes in Santa Barbara, injuring 3 Russia-backed Syrian safe zones plan goes into effect GOP health victory may be fleeting as wary Senate awaits Church notes: May 6, 2017 Stamp Out Hunger seeks nonperishable items for food bank Organizers seek volunteers to clean Suisun community garden Slaying of camp workers on California beach may be solved Fairfield police log: May 4, 2017 Special Publications » NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service National Nurses Week 2017 Home Seller 05-06-2017 Stars and Stripes 05/04/17 Wings Over Solano 2017 Home Seller 04-29-2017 Stars and Stripes 04-27-2017 American Home Week 2017 Coupons and More 04-02-2017 Discover Solano Spring/Summer 2017 Women Making a Difference 2017 Coupons and More: March 2017 Readers’ Choice 2017 Congratulations Team Travis: February 2017 Wedding Countdown: February 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert BRISTOL – In an effort to keep motorists informed, the Virginia Department of Transportation (VDOT) provides weekly information about highway construction and maintenance projects in southwestern Virginia. When traveling through highway work zones, use caution and be alert to changes in traffic patterns and slow-moving or stopped traffic.   To help motorists take the guesswork out of travel plans, call VDOT’s 511 or visit http://www.511Virginia.org/ for real-time traffic information.   Underlined entries with asterisks (***) indicate the listing is new or the status of the project has changed since last week’s traffic alert.     INTERSTATE PROJECTS ***Interstate 81 – Exit 14:  Work is underway to reconstruct Interstate 81 exit 14 to better accommodate traffic volumes and to replace the north and southbound interstate 81 bridges at exit 14. During the week of May 1, be alert to flagging and heavy equipment along Old Jonesboro Road and Dennison due to bridge and grading work.  (Completion: fall 2018) ***I-81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road: Replacement of the Interstate 81 bridges over Halls Bottom Road near exit 10 in Washington County is underway. The week of May 1, be aware of grading and drainage work in the median, and to haul truck traffic entering and exiting the median. I-81 travel lanes may be narrowed through the work zone. Due to safety concerns, Route 808 (Halls Bottom Road) is closed underneath the interstate bridges. Only emergency-response vehicles will have access; all other vehicle traffic will be required to detour. (Completion: Fall 2018)   ***Interstate 77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel: Due to maintenance work at I-77 Big Walker Mountain Tunnel, anticipate nightly left lane closures Sunday through Thursday nights the week of May 1.   Interstate 81 Exit 17 bridge repairs: Motorists should anticipate periodic nighttime lane closures on I-81 at exit 17 northbound and southbound due to bridge repairs. Because much of the access for the repairs will be from underneath the bridge, flaggers will be used while working underneath the bridge to ensure pedestrian safety along the Creeper Trail.  (Completion: June 2017)   ***Interstate 81 bridge repairs at mile marker 45 over Matson Drive: Due to repairs to the Interstate 81 bridges over Matson Drive and their proximity to the southbound exit 45 on-ramp, the southbound on-ramp is closed. Traffic should use the I-81 on ramps at exits 44 and 47. Motorists should also be alert to the possibility of lane closures north and southbound on Interstate 81 near exit 45 in Marion due to repairs to the bridges over Matson Drive.  (Completion: May 2017)   ***Interstate 77 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures on I-77 this week due to bridge and shoulder sweeping in Wythe and Bland counties.   ***Interstate 81 – maintenance activities: Be alert to lane closures due to the following maintenance activities on I-81: Bland County Route 601 bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 601 bridge over Little Walker Creek in Bland County, be alert to workers in the work zone as well as traffic shifts. (Completion: October 2017) Dickenson County Water line projects: Due to water line installation work, motorists may experience delays on the following routes that connect to Route 63 (Big Ridge Road): Route 753 (Centennial Heights Road), Route 818 (Patsy Lane), Route 756 (Travis Stanley Road), Route 795 (Ira Owens Lane) and Route 607 (Tarpon Lane). (Completion: Spring 2017)     Grayson County ***Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge: The Route 603 (Ripshin Road) bridge will be closed to traffic for repairs on Tuesday (April 25) from 9 a.m. until 2 p.m. The bridge is located .30 mile from Route 732 and 3.7 miles from Route 601. (Completion: April 25)   Route 58 – bridge replacement over Peggy Branch: Temporary signals will be controlling one-way traffic during construction of a new bridge on Route 58 over Peggy Branch in Grayson County. The bridge is being replaced in two phases. Motorists should be aware to a reduced speed limit. (Completion: November 3, 2017)     Lee County ***Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) – bridge replacement: The Route 680 (Speaks Branch Road) bridge will be closed Wednesday (May 3) from 8 a.m. until 5 p.m. to replace the bridge. While the bridge is being replaced, motorists will use the following routes to detour: Routes 680, 682, 676 and 671.   Water Line Projects: Motorists should be alert to slight delays along the following highways due to water line projects: Route 684 (Holiness Hollow) (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 661 (Flatwoods Road) between the intersection of Route 669 (Blue Hollow Road) to the Tennessee State Line. Anticipate lane closures. (Completion: Summer 2017) Route 642 (Old Woodway Road) between Route 421 and Route 638 (Hickory Flats Road). (Completion: Spring 2017) Route 690 in the Caylor section of Lee County at the intersection of Route 58, extending approximately .42 mile north. (Completion: Summer 2017)   Route 58 bridge repairs in Jonesville: Repairs to the Route 58 bridge over Town Branch in the Jonesville area of Lee County are underway and have restricted east and westbound traffic to one 12-foot-wide lane controlled by traffic signals. Motorists should use caution in the area and wide loads over 12 feet should plan alternate routes while repairs are underway. (Completion: August 2017)   Russell County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 19 and Wal-mart and the intersection of Routes 19 and Business Route 19 in Lebanon in the next two weeks, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Rd) bridge: Due to replacement to the superstructure of the Route 678 (Upper Copper Creek Road) bridge over Copper Creek in Russell County, the bridge will be closed to through traffic through early May. Motorists should plan alternate routes while replacement is underway. (Completion: early May 2017) Scott County Route 709 – pipe replacement: A section of Route 709 in the Hiltons area of Scott County has been closed due to a pipe replacement project. Motorists are advised to use caution in this area while work is underway. (Completion: early May 2017)   ***Route 671 bridge replacement: Traffic is restricted to one 9-foot-wide lane on Route 671 in the Valley Creek area of Scott County due to a bridge replacement project. Anticipate periodic delays in the work zone due to flagging operations. (Completion: July 24, 2017)   Route 23 bridge replacement at Weber City: Due to replacement of the Route 23 bridges over North Fork Holston River in the Weber City area of Scott County, motorists can expect one-lane traffic and a 12-foot-width restriction in each direction. The speed limit in the work zone is 35 mph. (Completion: November 2018)   Utility Projects – various locations: Anticipate lane closures during daylight hours at the following locations in Scott County due to utility projects:   Smyth County Route 16 bridge project: Due to replacement of a portion of the Route 16 bridge over Slemp Creek in the Sugar Grove community of Smyth County, motorists should be alert to the possibility of delays. Traffic signals are controlling one 9-foot-wide travel lane through the work zone. The bridge is located between Route 601 and Route 695. (Completion: October 6, 2017)   Route 637 – bridge work: The Route 637 bridge over Carlock Creek in Smyth County will remain closed until approximately June 23. The closure will allow VDOT to replace the bridge superstructure. Motorists should follow detour signs and use caution around the work zone area. (Completion: June 2017)     Tazewell County ***Fiber Optic Install: A project by Nichols Construction to install fiber optic lines via an aerial installation will cause delays on Route 460 in Bluefield Sunday, May 7 between 7 a.m. and 11 a.m. Motorists should be alert to Virginia State Police performing rolling road blocks during the aerial install of the fiber optic lines.   Route 623 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 623 bridge over Little Creek in the Burkes Garden area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to a yield sign controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: July 2017)   Route 102 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 102 bridge over Laurel Fork in the Pocahontas area of Tazewell County is underway. Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to signals controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017) ***Route 16 bridge replacement: A project to reconstruct the Route 16 bridge over Jacobs Fork Creek in the Bishop area of Tazewell County is underway and is restricting traffic to one, 10-foot-wide lane. Signals are controlling one-way traffic across the bridge. (Completion: August 2017)   Washington County ***Flashing Yellow Arrow Installs: Due to the installation of flashing yellow arrow signals at the intersection of Routes 58 and 677 (Watauga Road) and the intersection of Routes 11 and 58 in Abingdon this week, motorists should be alert to the changes at the signal. The new flashing yellow arrow signal allows drivers to turn left after yielding to oncoming traffic. Flashing yellow arrows are more effective than the more common circular green light and other signals at conveying to drivers the need to yield to oncoming traffic.    Azure Lane improvements: Be alert to heavy equipment and workers along Route 676 (Azure Lane) in Washington County due to efforts to improve a one-mile section on the western end of the route. (Completion: May 2017)     Wise County Route 610 culvert replacement: A project to replace a large culvert along Route 610 (Josephine Road) in the Norton area, has a portion of the route closed. The closure is between the Route 675 (Roosevelt Road) and Route 790 (W. Norton Road). (Completion: early May 2017)   Alternate Route 58 shoulder paving: Be alert to the possibility of east and westbound lane closures on Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Norton due to paving of the shoulders. (Completion: late June 2017) Alternate Route 58 utility work: Be alert to lane closures along Alternate Route 58 between St. Paul and Coeburn due to utility work. (Completion: summer 2017) Route 158 – bridge replacement: Due to replacement of the Route 158 bridge in the Town of Coeburn, motorists are using a detour around the bridge via Routes 1102 (Tate Street NE) and 72 (Laurel Avenue). Be alert to temporary traffic signals at the intersection of Routes 1102 and 72. (Completion: August 2017) Route 613 – road widening: Work to reconstruct a 0.185 mile section of Route 613 in the East Stone Gap area of Wise County is underway. Motorists should be alert to the possibility of periodic lane closures and should watch for flaggers directing traffic through the work zone. (Completion: summer 2017)   Water and sewer line projects: Be alert to lane closures during daylight hours due to sewer line installation in the Andover, Osaka and Roda areas north of Appalachia in Wise County. Route 78 between Route 686 near Central Supply and Route 685 will be impacted by a portion of this work. (Completion: fall 2017)   Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road): Work to widen a one-mile section of Route 757 (Wise-Norton Road) is underway. New traffic pattern restricts traffic to one-way on Route 757 from Business Route 23 at Wise toward Route 23. There is two-way traffic between Route 23 and the Wal-mart shopping area; however, traffic is accessing Route 757 north of Wal-mart using Route 23 north to Business Route 23 in Wise. Motorists should be alert to highway workers, message boards and detour signs, and heavy equipment in the area. (Completion: October 2017)   Business Route 23 bridge in Pound: Traffic signals are controlling one 11-foot-wide lane across the Business Route 23 bridge in Pound due to replacement of the bridge. Signals are also controlling traffic off Route 633 (Bold Camp Road).  Motorists should use caution in this area and be alert to the possibility of delays. (Completion: spring 2018)   Completed Route 672 – bridge replacement: A section of Route 672 (Martin’s Creek Road) in Lee County has reopened following replacement of the bridge over Martin Creek.   Route 687 bridge: Replacement of the superstructure for the Route 687 bridge in Scott County has been completed.        (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 17-21, 2017 Next PostNext Efforts underway for removal of crane, debris from North Fork Holston River Search Recent Posts PARTNER WITH VDOT FOR SAFETY IN WORK ZONES – National Work Zone Awareness Week is April 3-7 VDOT, FAMILY TO HONOR FALLEN HIGHWAY WORKER AT WORKERS’ MEMORIAL VIGIL TONIGHT ON AFTON MOUNTAIN – VDOT veteran’s name added to memorial this year   VDOT ANNOUNCES NEW RICHMOND DISTRICT ENGINEER – Bart Thrasher to oversee construction, maintenance and operations for roads in 14 counties VDOT SELECTS NEW CHIEF OF INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY – Cary to Lead Agency into the Future of Transportation VDOT LIFTS LANE CLOSURES DURING EASTER TRAVEL – Download the free VDOT 511 app for current traffic and road conditions RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Police investigate armed robbery in North Greenbush News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Congress to hear Obama official Trump seeking to free up controls on land Presidential race an unprecedented shocker Religious groups split on Trump political order Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Zimmerman leads Nats to another win Mets' blowout victory could be costly Durant picks up Warriors Yankees drub Cubs for 4th straight Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Attitudes toward women on agenda Drugmakers try refunds to boost sales Photos: Open house Stocks surge on job gains Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories 'Superstore' season ends with disaster Martin's presence makes it tough to keep a straight face Good things to do for the week ahead A 'robust' Broadway season leads to Tony nods for 25 shows Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories A world away from Ipanema 20 things you don’t know about me: Brian Cody Local businesses celebrate Cinco de Mayo with freebies, parties 2017 summer camp guide is here Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Waves of history at Sodus Bay Lighthouse ARA: Should I stop inviting people who don’t RSVP? An interview with legendary game designer Phil Eklund UAlbany grad students raise money for a nonprofit TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Netflix series '13 Reasons Why' raises suicide concerns, Iorizzo: After fire, Schenectady school rebuilds — with Churchill: Should hotel tax breaks reward Pyramid? Editorial: There's still time for reform Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog Real estate market check High & Low House of the Week: Iconic in Slingerlands Demand builds for starter homes Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Best (and worst) things to buy in May Teachers eat free at Recovery Sports Grill on Tuesday, May 2 Live Nation offering $20 tickets to 20 upcoming SPAC shows Coupons in your Sunday Times Union (April 30) MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/7day-breaking/article/Power-outage-causes-shock-burns-to-Glenmont-11126799.php Outage causes shock to Glenmont Walmart employee By Bethany Bump Published 5:30 pm, Saturday, May 6, 2017 GLENMONT — A Walmart employee in Glenmont suffered an electrical shock and burns Saturday after the power went out while he was working on a car in the auto services department, fire officials said. The outage occurred about 1 p.m. Saturday while the employee was in the mechanic's pit. The outage sent a shock through the man, causing minor burns to his left hand. He was taken to Albany Medical Center, where he reported feeling chest pain, said Marc Futia, an assistant chief with the Elsmere Fire Department. His current condition is unknown. The outage affected power and traffic lights along Route 9W, and caused "substantial" traffic delays for several hours, Futia said. Power has since been restored to all but the Walmart building, he said Saturday evening. Selkirk Fire and Bethlehem police also responded to the scene. News Videos Most Popular 1 Father, son among three charged in Rotterdam bar brawl 2 Albany man gets 23 1/2 years for drug charges 3 Thousands without power after Friday winds whip through 4 FCC to 'take appropriate action' against Colbert following... 5 Outage causes shock to Glenmont Walmart employee 6 Split verdict in Crossgates Mall gunfire trial 7 Albany County man faces sex abuse charge View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Style Beauty Love Video Weddings Subscribe Give a Gift Digital Editions Follow Celebrities & Entertainment Back Celebrities & Entertainment Celeb News Celebs TV Movies Books Music Beauty & Style Back Beauty & Style Beauty & Style News Beauty Advice Beauty How Tos Style Style How Tos Cosmo Beauty Closet Politics College Career Health & Fitness Back Health & Fitness Health & Fitness How Tos Food & Cocktails Sex & Relationships Back Sex & Relationships Sex News Cosmo Confessions Sex Positions Sex Tips Guys Weddings Bedroom Blog Parenting Cosmo For Latinas Horoscopes Lenny Letter All News All Videos Subscribe Back Subscribe Print Edition Digital Edition Give a Gift Newsletter Follow Back Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Youtube Tumblr Promotions Win Type keyword(s) to search 9 Things To Know About Danielle Bregoli, The “Cash Me Outside” Girl You're about to cash her on the MTV Movie Awards. Instagram By The Editors May 6, 2017 Danielle Bregoli shot to fame after appearing on an episode of Dr Phil about unruly kids in September 2016. During her time on the show, she challenged various audience members to "catch me outside, how about that?" — aka, inviting them to fight her. Because of Danielle's accent, it sounded like, "cash me outside, howbow dah?" and the clip quickly went viral, shooting her to internet fame. Now, Danielle's set to pop off on Sunday's MTV Movie Awards. Here's everything you need to know about her. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below 1. She's only 14 years old. She was just 13 when she was on Dr. Phil, but celebrated her 14th birthday on March 27th. Here she is with her cake: A post shared by Danielle Bregoli (@bhadbhabie) on Mar 26, 2017 at 10:08pm PDT 2. She's from Boynton, Florida. In a piece at the Palm Beach Post, it was revealed that Danielle was once a sweet little girl who helped her mom, Barbara Ann, through radiation. The journey was chronicled in the paper. 3. She loves to make YouTube videos. And they aren't necessarily the ~nicest~ videos, but what did you expect? Here's one where she's roasting the 2017 Met Gala: Advertisement - Continue Reading Below 4. She was kicked off a Spirit Airlines flight with her mom, Barbara Ann. They were boarding a Spirit Airlines flight on February 5th of this year when Barbara Ann got into a fight with another passenger. Danielle said the other passenger went to put a hand on her mom, and so she cold cocked her. Danielle, Barbara Ann, and the other woman are banned from Spirit Airlines for life. There's video of the incident, of course: Advertisement - Continue Reading Below 5. She's apparently being paid up to five-figures for meet-and-greets with her fans. At least, that's what TMZ is reporting — Danielle wants $30,000 per appearance, and $40,000 if she has to leave the country. 6. She threatened to sue WalMart over "cash me outside, howbow dah" shirts. She is not pleased with these: WalMart She's so displeased, in fact, that she her legal team sent WalMart a letter demanding it pull all 15 items of clothing within the next 5 days. 7. She's been cited for marijuana possession. Although Danielle insists she wasn't holding or smoking, the police cited her and a friend in Florida in early April. 8. She's probably gonna have a TV show. According to TMZ, she's currently fielding offers — and not just reality TV! Like an actual, scripted TV show. Bless up, Hollywood. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below 9. Barbara Ann is being investigated by police for potential child abuse. In a clip obtained by TMZ, and recorded when Danielle was just 11, appears to show Barbara Ann hitting her daughter and calling her a “bitch”. Danielle said the video was taken out of context, and was just a mom and kid messing around. “Me and my mother are not fighting on the floor. We are play fighting. My ex-best friend took it to a whole other level. It wasn’t what it was at all," she said. Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Share Tweet Email More From Lifestyle 38 Hilarious Yearbook Quotes Caleb Schwab's Family Settles for $20 Million Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Flight Attendants Share Their Craziest Stories How This Gorgeous Bride Embraced Her Alopecia Family Kicked Off Delta Flight for Child's Seat 16 Best Gifts for College Graduates This Unicorn Maternity Shoot Is ~Magical~ No Charges for Police in Alton Sterling's Death Here's Where the Cabin Crew Sleep on Long Flights DaddyOFive Loses Custody of 2 Kids Advertisement - Continue Reading Below Lifestyle "Cash Me Outside" Girl Has Totally New Look 9 Things You Always Wanted to Know About Webcam Girls Zendaya Doesn't Get What "Damn, Daniel" Is About Christina Aguilera Totally Regina George'd 'Mean Girls' Daniel Franzese "Mean Girls" Star Daniel Franzese Critiques Kendall Jenner's Burn Book Parody Daniel Radcliffe on Fifty Shades: "Nobody wants me as Christian Grey" The “Cash Me Outside” Girl Danielle Bregoli Newsletter Digital Editions About Us Press Room Contact Us Community Guidelines Advertise Online About Our Ads Cosmo Books Work For Cosmo Become A Cosmo Intern Customer Service Subscribe Other Hearst Subscriptions Give a Gift Events & Promotions Giveaways Being Green Why Did I Get This Ad? BestProducts A Part of Hearst Digital Media Cosmopolitan participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means Cosmopolitan gets paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. ©2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Share Tweet Email
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Live look at the beach surf in Long Beach Island, NY Penguins chill at the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, FL Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Big Baller Brand unveils debut ZO2 shoe for Lonzo Ball By DARREN ROVELL via ESPN May 6, 2017, 4:45 PM ET 0 Shares Email Star 0 Shares Email LaVar Ball's Big Baller Brand on Thursday unveiled the ZO2 shoe line that he designed for his son? Lonzo,?with the main pair debuting at $495 on the company's website. A Lonzo Ball-autographed pair of the shoes, in the "Wet" color scheme, are being sold for $995. Sandals with Lonzo Ball's logo on the top are $220 per pair. The main shoe has a "microfiber python texture" in matte black and what the website describes as a "Delorean finish." De La Hoya: Canelo-GGG fight 'Biggest fight in boxing history' High energy fight didn't happen Green expected to play in Game 3 for Warriors Patch a lovable underdog at Kentucky Derby sc In the past two years, the highest price for a pair of Jordan shoes released en masse to the public has been $400. Last week, ESPN reported that major shoe companies expressed they weren't interested in the deal pitched to them by LaVar Ball in which they would have to license his Big Baller Brand. The shoes Ball had already designed were part of the pitch. "We said from the beginning, we aren't looking for an endorsement deal," Ball said last week. "We're looking for co-branding, a true partner. But they're not ready for that because they're not used to that model. But hey, the taxi industry wasn't ready for Uber either." The Big Baller Brand sells its gear on its website, with shirts and hats ranging from $38 to $100. According to the website, all sales of the ZO2 are final and there could be a wait for fans to get a pair. The website says there will be no refunds or exchanges and that the shoes would be shipped by Nov. 24. Hall of Famer Shaquille O'Neal, whose shoes retail for between $13 and $68 at Walmart, weighed in with his thoughts on the ZO2 in a tweet Thursday. Acting? Golden State Warriors?head coach Mike Brown also isn't interested in buying his kid $500 shoes, saying simply, "Uh, no!" LaVar Ball seemed to answer critics who said the shoes are too expensive. "You have to respect LaVar being entrepreneurial, betting on himself and trying to build a business," said Jason Stein, CEO of New York-based ad agency Laundry Service. "He's a larger-than-life character and generating a ton of attention. The shoes are nothing special and grossly overpriced, but I suspect that's intentional. In the context of building a brand -- his brand -- it's working." Lonzo Ball, who played one year at UCLA, is projected to be among the top three picks in the NBA draft, which takes place June 22. Matt Powell, who covers the shoe business for NPD Group, a market retail tracking firm, called Ball's first signature shoe announcement "a setback" for Lonzo Ball. "None of the shoe companies are going to sign him now," he said. "They could sell 10,000 pairs, but I don't see that as a threat to anybody," Powell added. "This will be very short-lived. And I think, in the end, LaVar has cost his family a lot of money. For Lonzo alone, he could have gotten $2 million a year [for four or five years] on a rookie shoe deal and then, if he was good, could have re-signed for a lot more." Powell said initial sales might be fool's gold. "The first Marbury shoe [sold by discount store Steve & Barry's] sold out, and then the rest of them sat on the shelves," Powell said. "Collectors might buy these first pairs, but sustaining that momentum is difficult." 0 Shares Email Star Comments " Big Baller Brand unveils debut ZO2 shoe for Lonzo Ball Warriors coach Steve Kerr underwent spinal cord leak procedure Kevin Knox, No. 9-ranked prospect in 2017, commits to Kentucky " Penn State kicker Joey Julius back in treatment for eating disorder " Jays' Ezequiel Carrera unsure if HR left yard or was inside-the-park " 'GOP Disaster'? House Republicans face voters angry over health care bill " 2 found dead in Boston penthouse, suspect in custody " Navy SEAL killed in Somalia identified as a 38-year-old from Maine " Expanded DNA testing leads to charges in 1990s slayings " Ohio couple with 5 biological children adopts 6 siblings: 'They're definitely my children' " Great-grandmother, 80, celebrates 60th anniversary in her vintage $69.95 wedding gown " Vacation wish comes true for little girl and her 4 co-parents " Heartbroken boy receives 'do-over' birthday party from strangers " Teen with cerebral palsy gets to meet the Yankees " Nurse saves unconscious man on way to her bridal shower " Hero police officer reunites with boy he saved from drowning " Meet the real-life Darth Vader who lives in Tennessee
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter environment climate change wildlife energy pollution sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › environment › climate change wildlife energy pollution home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment selected browse all sections close Paris climate agreement The Observer Theresa May urged to persuade Trump not to quit Paris climate accord US president prepares to undermine historic deal on climate change Protesters march to the Tesoro oil refinery in Los Angeles to protest against the US reliance on fossil fuels and calling attention to the issue of climate change. Photograph: UPI / Barcroft Images Paris climate agreement The Observer Theresa May urged to persuade Trump not to quit Paris climate accord US president prepares to undermine historic deal on climate change Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Jamie Doward Saturday 6 May 2017 15.36 EDT Last modified on Saturday 6 May 2017 18.55 EDT Theresa May is facing calls from Britain’s leading environment and development groups to use her influence to persuade Donald Trump that the US must remain committed to the Paris climate change agreement. In a strongly worded letter, the heads of Oxfam, the RSPB, Greenpeace, WWF, Christian Aid, Cafod and other groups have called on the prime minister to “pick up the phone” to the US president to warn him of the consequences of leaving the Paris accord, something Trump pledged to do within 100 days of coming to power, a timeline that passed last week. Trump aides abruptly postpone meeting on whether to stay in Paris climate deal Read more The UK played a leading role in the complex negotiations that resulted in nearly 200 nations making the unprecedented commitment to tackle global climate change, signed in Paris in December 2015. The agreement is seen as crucial for the success of efforts to limit the global temperature rise to below 2C above pre-industrial levels by 2100. But reports in the US suggest that support for leaving the climate treaty is gaining ground among Trump’s key advisers as the president – who has said climate change is a Chinese hoax – prepares to deliver his decision, which is expected this week. The reported shift in opinion among White House aides comes despite strong calls from leading businesses and scientists for the US to remain in the climate accord. Last week, major US companies including Google, Microsoft and Walmart wrote to Trump stating the economic and business case for the US continuing to be a party to the agreement. May herself recently came under pressure from cross-party MPs and leading scientists who urged her to use her influence to persuade the US president to acknowledge and act on climate change. A recent ComRes survey showed almost two-thirds of British adults (64%) accept that climate change is happening, and that it is primarily due to human activity. The joint letter warns May that Trump “may be about to undermine a vital global agreement on which the health, security, and prosperity of hundreds of millions of people depend”. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Trump says Paris climate agreement is ‘one-sided’ deal It continues: “This climate agreement was an extraordinary feat of international diplomacy, and the UK played a crucial role in securing it. This is now the best chance humanity has to avert full-blown climate change, and may well be the last. A strong majority of people in the UK believe climate change is happening. They will be looking to you as the prime minister to champion science, moral responsibility and international cooperation.” In recent days European ministers and EU officials have been lobbying senior White House staff after hearing Trump was leaning heavily towards leaving the accord. The UN environment chief, Erik Solheim, has also warned the US that it will “shoot itself in the foot” if it quits the Paris deal because China, India and Europe will snap up the best power sector jobs in future. “There is no doubt where the future is and that is what all the private sector companies have understood,” Solheim told Reuters. “The future is green. Obviously if you are not a party to the Paris agreement, you will lose out. And the main losers will be the people of the United States itself because all the interesting, fascinating new green jobs would go to China and to the other parts of the world that are investing heavily in this.” An online petition launched by Greenpeace calling on May to intervene had reached 78,000 signatories by Saturday evening. Topics Paris climate agreement The Observer Theresa May Donald Trump Climate change Climate change scepticism Greenpeace news Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment selected all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment selected climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Environment › Paris climate agreement back to top environment climate change wildlife energy pollution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets closed S&P 500 2,399.29 +9.77 (+0.41%) Dow 30 21,006.94 +55.47 (+0.26%) Nasdaq 6,100.76 +25.42 (+0.42%) Watch Now Yahoo Finance's complete coverage of Berkshire Hathaway's 2017 Shareholders Meeting Munger: 'We failed you' by not investing in Google and Wal-Mart early Julia La Roche Yahoo Finance May 6, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Berkshire Hathaway’s (BRK.A) (BRK.B) Warren Buffett, who has historically shied away from investing in technology stocks, was asked by an investor for his views on IBM (IBM) and Apple (AAPL). Berkshire Hathaway bought IBM’s stock back in 2011. More recently, Buffett has invested heavily in Apple. Buffett recently revealed to CNBC that he had sold about one-third of his position in IBM, noting that he “revalued” the company downward. He had held just over 81.2 million shares in the company. Meanwhile, Buffett has continued to beef up his stake in Apple. As of February, he publicly said that they owned 133 million shares. Berkshire began building its stake in the iPhone maker in the first quarter of 2016. “I regard them as being quite different businesses,” Buffett said during Berkshire Hathaway’s annual shareholders meeting. “They are two different types of decisions and I was wrong on the first one. And we’ll find out whether I was right or wrong on the second. I do not regard them as apples and apples. I don’t regard them as apples and oranges.” Reflecting on missed tech opportunities Berkshire’s vice chairman Charlie Munger added that they avoided tech stocks in the past because they felt they had “no advantage where other people did.” “I think that’s a good idea to not play where the other people are better,” Munger said. He added that he thought they were “probably smart enough” to figure out Google (GOOG), though. “I would say that we failed you there,” Munger said. “We were smart enough to do it.” Buffett explained that Geico was Google’s customer very early on. He added that they were paying $10 or $11 per click. “That’s a good business,” Buffett said. Berkshire Hathaway vice chairman Charlie Munger visits the shareholder shopping day in a golf cart as part of the Berkshire Hathaway annual meeting weekend in Omaha, Nebraska, May 5, 2017. REUTERS/Rick WilkingMore Of course, it’s been a learning process, just like they learned with Wal-Mart. “We blew Wal-Mart too,” Munger said. “It was a total cinch. We were smart enough to figure that.” Berkshire didn’t invest in Wal-Mart until the second quarter of 2005. In the fourth quarter of 2016, Berkshire sold about 89% of its stake. “Execution is what counts,” Buffett said. Buffett acknowledged that they could be making a mistake with IBM. “It’s harder to predict, in my view, the winners in various items or how much price competition will enter to something like cloud services and all of that.” He went on to sing Amazon founder Jeff Bezos praises as someone who’s been a big competitor in the space. “He has been the CEO of two businesses, starting from scratch,” Buffett said. “Andy Grove at Intel used to say, ‘think about if you had a silver bullet and you can shoot one competitor. A lot of people would probably aim that silver bullet at Jeff.” Follow our Yahoo Finance’s coverage of Berkshire Hathaway’s annual meeting at Finance.Yahoo.com/BRKLiveStream. Stay with Yahoo Finance for the best ongoing coverage of Warren Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway. — Julia La Roche is a finance reporter at Yahoo Finance. Follow her on Twitter. Tilson: Berkshire could be up 30% a year from now How a $650,000 lunch with Buffett changed one hedge fund manager’s life BUFFETT: Free trade hurts some people but we should embrace it Warren Buffett’s money managers, Todd Combs and Ted Weschler, speak Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next A millennial asked Warren Buffett what value his firm adds — here's what he said Business Insider BUFFETT: Wells Fargo made 3 huge mistakes during the fake accounts scandal but one 'dwarfs all the others' Business Insider Warren Buffett reveals what's holding him back from putting Berkshire's $90 billion in cash to work CNBC Buffett: Hedge fund-style compensation in any other field would 'blow your mind' Yahoo Finance Warren Buffett: I'm a 'broken record' on the US economy, we're stuck at 2% growth CNBC 'That $9.5 billion is real': Buffett explains how a Trump tax cut would help Berkshire Yahoo Finance Reporters were forced out of the room during the Kushner family's presentation to wealthy Chinese investors Business Insider Some pastors praise Trump order, others worry over integrity Associated Press Start Investing Now Because the Dow May Hit 100,000 By 2030 The Street Berkshire Hathaway Annual Shareholders Meeting Halftime Show Yahoo Finance Video Buffett: The stock market's casino-like characteristic can be agonizing for investors Yahoo Finance A man sues American Airlines alleging injuries after having to sit by 2 obese passengers Business Insider Protections for 27 national monuments may be curtailed, cut Associated Press This strange mod to the F-35 kills its stealth near Russian defenses — and there's good reason for that Business Insider This is exactly how many years of work you should reveal on your resume MarketWatch Berkshire Hathaway shareholder business meeting Yahoo Finance Video Iowa Supreme Court blocks portion of 20-week abortion ban John: Hypocrites you cant be pro-life and pro-gun. Tell us how much you love a fetus but none of you care about life. Once no longer among the "Precious Unborn" you don't care. You are pro-fetus, none of you liars are actually pro-life. Join the Conversation 1 / 5 48
');//--> } Home Invest with Barry Speaking Book Contact 10 Weekend Reads May 6, 2017 7:30am by Barry Ritholtz The weekend is here! Pour yourself a mug of Danish Blend coffee, grab a seat by the pool, and get ready for our longer form weekend reads: • Where oil rigs go to die (The Guardian) • Can Wal-Mart’s Expensive New E-Commerce Operation Compete With Amazon? (Bloomberg Businessweek) • Is China the World’s New Colonial Power? (New York Times Magazine) • The Myth of a Superhuman AI (Backchannel) • The Rigged Labor Market (Milken Institute Review) see also Why the Phrase ‘Late Capitalism’ Is Suddenly Everywhere (The Atlantic) • In S.E.C.’s Streamlined Court, Penalty Exerts a Lasting Grip (New York Times) • Alec Baldwin Gets Under Trump’s Skin (The Atlantic) • Otto Warmbier Has Been a Prisoner of North Korea Since the Start of 2016. Has America Forgotten Him? (Time) • Now THAT was music (Aeon) • How Nike Is Trying to Break the 2-Hour Marathon Barrier   www.runnersworld.com/2-hour-marathon/moonshot Be sure to check out our Masters in Business interview this weekend with Michael Zezas, Morgan Stanley’s Chief Municipal Bond Strategist.   Stock returns annualized average of 11.8% when LEI is positive and rising (as it is now) Source: RBC Global Investment Outlook   Want to receive our daily reads in your inbox? Sign up here!     Spread the wealth. twitter facebook linkedin Read this next. March 6, 2016 10 Sunday Reads February 12, 2016 10 Friday AM Reads March 26, 2016 10 Weekend Reads Posted Under Financial Press Previous Post Simon & Garfunkel: Sounds Of Silence (50 years Apart) Next Post MIB: Michael Zezas, Muni Bond Strategist About Barry Ritholtz   Barry L. Ritholtz is the co-founder and chief investment officer of Ritholtz Wealth Management. Launched in 2013, RWM is a... Read More Say Hello As Seen On Masters In Business Listen To My Podcast on iTunes Bloomberg View See My Bloomberg View Posts The Washington Post Read My Washington Posts Columns Bailout Nation How Greed and Easy Money Corrupted Wall Street and Shook the World Economy Learn More... Search for: Quote of the Day Barbara Feldon - I’ve always supported myself. I like the sense of knowing exactly where I stand financially, but there is a side of me that longs for a knight in shining armor. Quotes via Quotery Sign Up for My Newsletter Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry every two weeks. Subscribe Categories Categories Select Category 401(k)  (41) Analysts  (32) Apprenticed Investor  (128) Asset Allocation  (83) Bad Math  (41) Bailout Nation  (25) Bailouts  (105) Blog Spotlight  (30) Bloomberg View  (173) Books  (115) Bubbles  (2) Cognitive Foibles  (77) Commodities  (309) Consumer Spending  (230) Contrary Indicators  (66) Corporate Management  (347) Credit  (520) Crony Capitalists  (6) Currency  (129) Current Affairs  (131) Cycles  (51) Data Analysis  (783) Derivatives  (258) Digital Media  (591) Dividends  (9) Earnings  (194) Economy  (1,645) Employment  (362) Energy  (193) ETFs  (25) Favorite  (1) Federal Reserve  (661) Film  (202) Finance  (1,015) Financial Press  (1,409) Fixed Income/Interest Rates  (259) Food and Drink  (15) Friday Night Jazz  (87) Gold & Precious Metals  (24) Hedge Funds  (89) Humor  (209) Index/ETFs  (44) Inflation  (430) Intellectual Property  (40) Investing  (1,008) IPOs  (5) Legal  (125) M&A  (55) Markets  (1,505) Mathematics  (38) Media  (630) MiB  (39) Music  (514) Mutual Funds  (18) Options  (6) Pension Funds  (3) Philanthropy  (8) Philosophy  (97) Podcast  (256) Politics  (813) Psychology  (1,135) Quantitative  (47) R&D  (3) Real Estate  (707) Really, really bad calls  (391) Regulation  (76) Research  (10) Retail  (186) RR&A  (47) Rules  (30) Science  (241) Sentiment  (26) Short Selling  (43) Sports  (26) Taxes and Policy  (243) Technical Analysis  (420) Technology  (310) Television  (164) Think Tank  (771) Trading  (472) Transports  (2) Travel  (24) Uncategorized  (190) UnGuru  (5) UnScience  (12) Valuation  (162) Venture Capital  (32) Video  (649) Wages & Income  (185) War/Defense  (122) Washington Post  (35) Wealth Management  (3) Web/Tech  (360) Weblogs  (415) Weekend  (326) Writing  (4) Archives Archives Select Month May 2017  (34) April 2017  (155) March 2017  (164) February 2017  (139) January 2017  (162) December 2016  (164) November 2016  (160) October 2016  (163) September 2016  (158) August 2016  (162) July 2016  (168) June 2016  (159) May 2016  (166) April 2016  (159) March 2016  (171) February 2016  (171) January 2016  (180) December 2015  (167) November 2015  (174) October 2015  (192) September 2015  (210) August 2015  (200) July 2015  (218) June 2015  (174) May 2015  (172) April 2015  (176) March 2015  (181) February 2015  (156) January 2015  (161) December 2014  (176) November 2014  (184) October 2014  (194) September 2014  (199) August 2014  (217) July 2014  (221) June 2014  (217) May 2014  (200) April 2014  (213) March 2014  (212) February 2014  (190) January 2014  (222) December 2013  (218) November 2013  (213) October 2013  (242) September 2013  (227) August 2013  (247) July 2013  (246) June 2013  (238) May 2013  (248) April 2013  (298) March 2013  (297) February 2013  (300) January 2013  (350) December 2012  (373) November 2012  (371) October 2012  (345) September 2012  (328) August 2012  (384) July 2012  (390) June 2012  (395) May 2012  (392) April 2012  (358) March 2012  (411) February 2012  (370) January 2012  (369) December 2011  (413) November 2011  (438) October 2011  (388) September 2011  (392) August 2011  (398) July 2011  (384) June 2011  (400) May 2011  (377) April 2011  (359) March 2011  (405) February 2011  (315) January 2011  (376) December 2010  (327) November 2010  (333) October 2010  (313) September 2010  (300) August 2010  (283) July 2010  (300) June 2010  (351) May 2010  (329) April 2010  (352) March 2010  (369) February 2010  (314) January 2010  (338) December 2009  (356) November 2009  (344) October 2009  (438) September 2009  (367) August 2009  (396) July 2009  (467) June 2009  (380) May 2009  (365) April 2009  (298) March 2009  (322) February 2009  (376) January 2009  (441) December 2008  (399) November 2008  (451) October 2008  (248) September 2008  (232) August 2008  (189) July 2008  (205) June 2008  (192) May 2008  (189) April 2008  (179) March 2008  (168) February 2008  (143) January 2008  (153) December 2007  (129) November 2007  (124) October 2007  (118) September 2007  (107) August 2007  (119) July 2007  (89) June 2007  (97) May 2007  (105) April 2007  (91) March 2007  (96) February 2007  (89) January 2007  (91) December 2006  (104) November 2006  (92) October 2006  (101) September 2006  (93) August 2006  (107) July 2006  (95) June 2006  (111) May 2006  (110) April 2006  (98) March 2006  (120) February 2006  (106) January 2006  (117) December 2005  (95) November 2005  (84) October 2005  (108) September 2005  (86) August 2005  (88) July 2005  (94) June 2005  (115) May 2005  (125) April 2005  (96) March 2005  (79) February 2005  (66) January 2005  (66) December 2004  (58) November 2004  (64) October 2004  (56) September 2004  (53) August 2004  (66) July 2004  (51) June 2004  (65) May 2004  (75) April 2004  (76) March 2004  (95) February 2004  (75) January 2004  (57) December 2003  (50) November 2003  (54) October 2003  (74) September 2003  (64) August 2003  (60) July 2003  (34) June 2003  (9) May 2003  (8) April 2003  (9) March 2003  (2) November 2002  (1) September 2002  (1) August 2002  (1) October 2001  (3) September 2001  (4) August 2000  (1) January 1998  (1) August 1979  (1) April 206  (1) July 3  (1) About The Big Picture FAQ What the Press Says Terms of Use Legal Disclosures © 2017 The Big Picture Sign Up for My Newsletter Get subscriber-only insights and news delivered by Barry every two weeks. Subscribe
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry Berkshire Hathaway AGM: Warren Buffett says one of his biggest mistake was not investing in Google Berkshire Hathaway AGM: Warren Buffett says one of his biggest mistake was not investing in Google Buffett has often said he avoided buying stocks of technology companies in the past because he didn't really understand how they were making money and whether they would be able to do so over the long term. By: FE Online | Updated: May 6, 2017 11:18 PM “Our biggest tech failure was missing Google. Walmart and Google were missed opportunities,” Warren Buffet said. (Image: Reuters) Warren Buffett, referred to as the “Oracle of Omaha”, has admitted that he made a mistake by not buying Google shares years ago when the technology company was earning $10 to $11 per advertising click from Geico, a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway’s consumer insurance company. Buffett made the admission in today’s annual shareholders’ meeting of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. in Omaha, Nebraska. “Our biggest tech failure was missing Google. Walmart and Google were missed opportunities,” he said. Buffett has often said he avoided buying stocks of technology companies in the past because he did not really understand how they were making money and whether they would be able to do so over the long term. In the case of Google, however, Buffett said he could have figured out the company had a great advertising business because he was, in effect, contributing to its profits. In recent years, Buffett has ventured a bit into investing in technology companies with mixed results. You may also like to watch: On Thursday, Buffett had said that he sold about one-third of Berkshire Hathaway’s stake in IBM Corp. The IBM stock had touched $180 on 14 February 2017 and had reached a high of $182.78 during the intra-day trading on 16 February 2017. On Thursday, the stock closed at $159.05 on the New York Stock Exchange. Buffett owned about 81 million shares of IBM Corp. at the end of 2016 and sold about a third of them in the first and second quarters of 2017, CNBC reported. Berkshire also holds about 133 million shares of Apple Inc., but Buffett says he looks at Apple more as a consumer products company instead of a technology company. “We do view Apple and IBM differently, Apple more of consumer business, IBM has more to do with products. We got it wrong on IBM and will find out whether we are wrong on Apple,” Buffett said. No Comments. Don't Miss AAP infighting live updates: Kapil Mishra alleges Arvind Kejriwal of taking Rs 2 cr from Satyendar Jain AAP crisis: Kapil Mishra makes shocking allegation, says 'Satyendar Jain gave Rs 2 cr to Arvind Kejriwal' Japan's SoftBank takes driving seat in Indian online shake-up Protectionism can blunt US firms' efficiency: Finance Minister Arun Jaitley Naveen Patnaik revamps Odisha ministry: Twelve ministers, including 10 new entrants sworn in After MCD loss Ajay Maken urges Congress workers to prepare for next elections Space diplomacy triumphs: But will South Asia Satellite become white elephant in space? No Karachi-Mumbai PIA flight from tomorrow: Pakistani official Finance Minister Arun Jaitley asks Asian Development Bank to reduce time lag in loan approval and disbursal Tata Motors expects 15% growth in commercial vehicles exports Business Gallery China’s C919 by COMAC to take on Airbus A320 & Boeing 737: Here is all you want to know about the jet Swachh Survekshan Awards: From Indore to Tirupati, check out India’s 10 cleanest cities Dust storm chokes Beijing and northern China: Here’s how the area looks like India’s first ‘Pod hotel’ comes up in suburban Andheri; check out the one-of-its-kind features Tejas Express: Inside Indian Railways’ luxury train that will take you from Mumbai to Goa at 130 kmph! Technology Gallery PM Modi’s gift to South Asia: Here’s how Satellite GSLV-F09 was prepared before takeoff Satellite GSLV-F09: India’s ‘invaluable gift’ to South Asian neighbours From Oppo F3 to Vivo V5: Best ‘Selfie expert’ smartphones in India under Rs 20,000 From Samsung to Xiaomi: Best budget smartphones priced under Rs 15,000 From fitness band, bluetooth device to smartphones, here are top 8 noteworthy gadgets Hindi News कपिल मिश्रा का बड़ा आरोप- सत्येंद्र जैन ने अरविंद केजरीवाल को मेरे सामने दिए दो करोड़ रु कैश AAP ने 14 जिला इंचार्ज बदले, अमानतुल्ला खान का कद बढ़ा, विश्वास के करीबियों का 'डिमोशन' यूपी: भाजपाइयों में सरकारी पद पाने की होड़, रेज्यूमे चमकाने के लिए साध रहे आरएसएस से संपर्क Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Menu Primary Menu Skip to content Local News Events Sports Society Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Contact Us Show Header Sidebar Content Search for: Facebook Twitter Email Chipley Bugle The Little Paper with the Big Toot Home »Local News»Arrests»Walker arrested for grand theft Walker arrested for grand theft Posted onMay 6, 2017AuthoreditorLeave a comment Danny Walker Officers with the Chipley Police Department received a call on May 3 of a theft in progress at Walmart. Prior to the officers’ arrival, they were notified the subject had fled on foot. Initially officers were unable to locate the subject, but shortly after received a tip that a subject matching the description was in the Tractor Supply parking lot. The suspect was located and quickly apprehended a short time later. All merchandise was recovered on scene and totaled more than $300. Like this: Like Loading... CategoriesArrests Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Follow us on TwitterMy Tweets May 2017 S M T W T F S « Apr       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   Footer Menu Skip to content About the Bugle Advertising Churches Pictures from the Past Schools Copyright © 2000-2017 Chipley Bugle. All Rights Reserved. Scroll Up Local News Events Sports Society Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Contact Us %d bloggers like this:
Private organization to take up search for missing Hunt County m - KTRE.com | Lufkin and Nacogdoches, Texas Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME East Texas Kitchen See It, Snap It, Send It Only on KTRE 9 News Text and email alerts KTRE 9 To Go mobile app FirstAlert KTRE 9 Weather mobile app Video Our Thoughts on the Matter Arcade BFF: Best Furry Friends News Investigates Texas Headlines National International Only on KTRE 9 News Terrorism around the world SeeClickFix The Loop Weather Live Streaming Radar KTRE First Alert ThunderCall KTRE Weather Tools TxDOT Current Road Conditions Current Texas Burn Bans Sunrise and Sunset Times Texas Road Conditions Texas Lake Levels Moon Phase Calendar Sports ESPN sources: Cowboys to release Romo on Thursday Romo releases message to fans amid uncertainty SFA's Late Push Not Enough to Overcome Islanders' Hot Start in 77-69 SLC Tourney Semifinal Loss East Texan Kevin Aguilar could soon get a shot in the UFC Sports WebXtra: Nacogdoches native Clint Dempsey back on U.S. national team East Texas baseball coaches stand behind UIL pitch count rule Sources: Josh McCown meeting with New York Jets Bi-District Playoff Results West squads sweep Azalea Orthopedic All-Star games Press Release: Cowboys officially release Tony Romo Saturday Results: Three East Texas teams advance to state Cowboys 2017 schedule released Zach Conque Signs Free Agent Contract with Houston Texans Area Round Results - ETX softball teams advancing in playoffs Bi-District Results - ETX baseball teams advancing in playoffs Red Zone Faces Red Zone Scores and Schedules Red Zone Access Video Investigates Texas on pace to set record for investigations into relationships between students and teachers Document dates ex-Zavalla coach's behavior to 2010 Woden ISD incident Documents: State began investigating ex Zavalla coach in July Win Stuff Catch of the Week Brad Said It Would Umbrella Giveaway In The Kitchen Apron Giveaway Coffee Mug Giveaway Good Morning East Texas Birthday Club TV Community Noticias ETX About Us East Texas News Team Contact KTRE Advertise on KTRE Digital Sales KTRE Jobs TV Ratings Guide Closed captioning EEO Summary Reports Private organization to take up search for missing Hunt County man 2017-05-06T03:09:57Z2017-05-06T07:00:02Z By Stephanie Frazier, Digital Content Producer Email Connect stephaniefrazier@kltv.com Follow @MamaStephF (Source: Family) Michael Chambers ( Source: Hunt County Sheriff's Office) HUNT COUNTY, TX (KLTV) - A private organization is going to take up the search for a missing firefighter, missing since last month.  70-year-old Michael Chambers, a former Dallas firefighter who had retired to Quinlan, was last seen on surveillance video at a Walmart there on March 8. The Hunt County Sheriff's Office conducted multiple searches since his disappearance, but now, a private organization is going to retrace their steps. The Central U.S. Missing Persons Task Force will be searching on Saturday.  The Hunt County Sheriff's Office confirmed Friday that there have been no new developments in his disappearance.  The Chambers family is still offering a $25,000 reward for his safe return. They say a vigil is scheduled for 6:30 p.m. Saturday, May 6, at Greenville Sports Park, according to KXAS.  Related:  + Hunt County Sheriff's Office searching for missing man + Hunt County Sheriff's Office: Missing man did not leave on his own accord +  Search parties gather to look for missing Hunt County man + Community helps in search for missing former firefighter  Copyright 2017 KLTV. All rights reserved. East Texas NewsMore>> Nacogdoches ISD athletic director secures school board seat with more than 50 percent of votes Nacogdoches ISD athletic director secures school board seat with more than 50 percent of votes Updated: Saturday, May 6 2017 9:32 PM EDT2017-05-07 01:32:05 GMT Nacogdoches ISD Athletic Director Farshid Niroumand has won a seat on the school board.  More >> Nacogdoches ISD Athletic Director Farshid Niroumand has won a seat on the school board. More >> Women help women construct Lufkin home Women help women construct Lufkin home Updated: Saturday, May 6 2017 7:07 PM EDT2017-05-06 23:07:25 GMT The volunteer group alongside Lowe's Heroes helped make some final touches on a home being given to this East Texas single mother. More >> The volunteer group alongside Lowe's Heroes helped make some final touches on a home being given to this East Texas single mother.More >> Breaking NWS Shreveport confirms EF-0 tornado touched down inside Lufkin loop NWS Shreveport confirms EF-0 tornado touched down inside Lufkin loop Updated: Friday, May 5 2017 11:28 PM EDT2017-05-06 03:28:43 GMT Based on a damage survey done in Angelina County, the National Weather Service office in Shreveport, Louisiana reported Friday evening that an EF-0 tornado touched down inside the Lufkin loop during the storms that blew through Deep East Texas Wednesday. More >> Based on a damage survey done in Angelina County, the National Weather Service office in Shreveport, Louisiana reported Friday evening that an EF-0 tornado touched down inside the Lufkin loop during the storms that blew through Deep East Texas Wednesday.More >> Lyle Lovett to headline 2017-18 Angelina Arts Alliance schedule Lyle Lovett to headline 2017-18 Angelina Arts Alliance schedule Updated: Friday, May 5 2017 7:44 PM EDT2017-05-05 23:44:00 GMT The Angelina Arts Alliance announced their 2017-28 schedule Friday that includes a Texas Music icon and a Tony Award winning performance.More >> The Angelina Arts Alliance announced their 2017-28 schedule Friday that includes a Texas Music icon and a Tony Award winning performance.More >> Pantry shelves running low as summer programs approach for Lufkin non-profits Pantry shelves running low as summer programs approach for Lufkin non-profits Updated: Friday, May 5 2017 7:35 PM EDT2017-05-05 23:35:11 GMT Lufkin non-profits are reminding people that summer months are just as important for donations as the holiday season. More >> Lufkin non-profits are reminding people that summer months are just as important for donations as the holiday season.More >>    Can't Find Something? 358 TV Road Pollok, TX 75969 (936) 853-5873 FCC Public File publicfile@ktre.com (936) 853-5873 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
null
MetroNews Canada MetroNews Canada Sorry, MetroNews.ca requires JavaScript. Please enable JavaScript in your browser and refresh the page for an optimal experience. Home News Calgary Edmonton Halifax Ottawa Toronto Vancouver Winnipeg Canada World Views Entertainment Life Food Money Health Travel Technology Careers Wheels.ca Business Sports Your Home Horoscopes Games Features Special Features Contests Flyers News / Toronto How neighbourhood malls are struggling to survive The ripple effects of the retail apocalypse that swept across the U.S. after the financial collapse of 2008 continue to emanate through Canada. Share on Facebook A A Report an Error Share via Email Print Torstar News Service Order this photo The Whitby Mall Shopping Centre used to be packed with people but is now one of many neighbourhood malls struggling to attract customers and tenants. By: Staff Torstar News Service Published on Mohammed Polani remembers the days when Whitby Mall Shopping Centre was packed with people who would line up outside his store at 7 a.m. to buy newspapers and magazines. They were educated and literate, with a wide variety of hobbies and interests — diverse enough that he could sell magazines with titles like Vintage Fire Truck and Equipment and Wrist Watch Magazine and the Harvard Business Review. “As long as there was a proper anchor, things were good,” says Polani. “The mall was like a can of sardines; it was very busy until about 2000.” Then his clientele in the mall’s office space began to be relocated, as their companies were bought, sold and restructured. The Woolco anchor store was replaced by a Walmart which was replaced partly by a Sobeys with no access through the mall. A second-hand store replaced a Staples. The new generation of workers in the mall’s office spaces are more interested in Facebook and Instagram than they are in the magazines Polani sells, and they can access an infinite number of articles for free online. At the end of his lease, Polani will hand in the keys to his store, joining a long list of retailers calling it quits in an unforgiving retail environment that is adding up to one long headache for mall owners. Whitby Mall isn’t the only property struggling to attract and keep tenants. While top-tier malls, including Yorkdale and Toronto Eaton Centre are by all accounts flourishing, many neighbourhood malls appear to be an anchor away from a potentially fatal downward spiral. Others are clinging to their original retail purpose while waiting for redevelopment. No one is predicting the kind of retail apocalypse in Canada that swept across the United States after the financial collapse of 2008, leaving even large malls across the country abandoned. The single most important difference is that the U.S. had too much retail to begin with and still does. Industry estimates peg the amount of mall space in the U.S. at 25 square feet per person, whereas in Canada it’s closer to 15 square feet per person. But the sector is in upheaval. The retail industry is the single largest jobs category in the country, employing 1.96 million people in 2016, according to Statistics Canada. Most retail workers — 1.7 million — are employed in shopping centres, according to data from the International Council of Shopping Centres (ICSC.) There are 3,742 shopping centres in Canada measuring more than 40,000 square feet, including strip malls, according to the ICSC — up from 3,496 in 2012. Anchors away Historically, malls were anchored by department stores at either end, but the department store sector is in decline in the U.S. and Canada. “Over the five years to 2021, the industry is forecast to continue contracting,” according to an industry report, “Department Stores in Canada,” from market research firm IBISWorld. “Profit has also suffered over the five years to 2016, as many industry operators have slashed their selling prices in order to remain attractive to customers,” according to the report. “Malls used to rely on their anchors and the anchors are changing faster than anyone imagined they would,” said Mary Mowbray, senior vice-president, group sales for Colliers International, pointing to Target, which cycled in and out of shopping malls in two years. Some malls have already backfilled — or failed to backfill — the 133 large spaces left by Target when it abruptly pulled up stakes in 2015. The failure of a retailer like Sears Canada — working on another turnaround strategy after years of diminishing returns and selling off stores — would send shock waves across the already fragile retail ecosystem. Sears has closed 11 department store anchor locations across Canada since 2012. It still anchors 93. RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust had 26 Target stores, and while CEO Edward Sonshine managed to extract a $132-million payment from Target in bankruptcy and many of the locations were leased to new tenants, others remain empty two years later, like the one at Five Points Mall in Oshawa. Now the enclosed part of Five Points Mall will be demolished. The area where the empty Target store is located has been sold to a self-storage company. It will remain a shopping centre, but not enclosed. Enclosed malls are too expensive to operate — the taxes are high, they’re expensive to heat in winter and cool in summer, said Sonshine. “That type of space, unless you’re part of a very large centre, it’s obsolete,” he added. “The big malls are all fine, but the smaller malls, like this one, they really have no reason to be a mall, it’s much cheaper for the tenants and for the customers, quite frankly, to not have it be enclosed.” The same approach is being taken with RioCan’s Niagara Square property. Riocan’s County Fair Mall in Smiths Falls was sold late last year. In the west end of the city, Kipling-Queensway mall has the same hushed feel of Five Corners. It is anchored by one of Canada’s two remaining Zellers stores (the other is in Ottawa.) A Sobeys moors the opposite end, but there are several vacant stores in the space between them, including a vacant kiosk space. Honeydale mall in Etobicoke is widely believed to be Canada’s only ghost mall, boarded up and fenced off. Malvern Town Centre, which cycled through a Zeller’s closure followed by a Target closure, lost its No Frills anchor on April 27, leaving a 70,000-square-foot space to fill. “We are definitely going through a transition now,” said Jennifer Huntley, director of leasing at Davpart Inc., the company that owns and operates Malvern Town Centre. She feels confident the mall will pull through — it brought in a 20,000-square-foot Planet Fitness last year and has plans for the No Frills space, but it’s too early to announce what those plans are. “I think it’s going to get stronger, absolutely.” Huntley said the company is working with city council to improve public transportation to the mall, and planned new housing developments will soon increase population density, creating a larger market. Retail retreats But the closure of big box stores like Staples, which has been downsizing its bricks-and-mortar presence across North America, has given prospective tenants more options to choose from, making it more difficult for malls to compete. “It is hard to survive,” said Ilyas Qureshi, owner of E Games Plus at Malvern Town Centre, which sells video games and toys. “Day-by-day, business is going down.” His lease is up in September and he doesn’t know if he will renew. Pickering Town Centre, anchored by a Sears and a Hudson’s Bay, has several large empty storefronts, because smaller-store brands are also scaling back their physical presence. “Retailers don’t want to have 600 stores anymore in a country. They are aiming for something closer to 300,” said Spenser Allaway, senior associate, Green Street Advisors, a commercial real estate consultancy. “I think we may see a lot more rationalize their store counts in the coming years.” The softness in the sector is being driven by a large number of retail failures, including once-dominant brands like American Apparel, Mexx, Jones New York and Tip Top Tailors, and Canadian mainstays like Danier Leather and Jacob. A few brands and retailers are in expansion mode, but they aren’t expanding as fast as other retailers are falling, and the result is a large number of vacant storefronts in malls. The growth of online The growth of online sales is another contributing factor. According to an estimate by Colliers International, online sales of $23 billion in 2014 replaced 76.7 million square feet of bricks and mortar stores. That’s roughly equivalent to the shopping centre inventories of Vancouver, Halifax, Ottawa and Victoria combined, according to the report. “My caution to anyone in the shopping centre industry is that this is a very fragile situation in my view,” said retail consultant Doug Stephens, author of the newly published book Re-Engineering Retail, The Future of Selling in a Post-Digital World. Online sales are not just cutting into sales at bricks-and-mortar stores, online shopping is recalibrating what people think shopping should be, Stephens said. Shopping online is frictionless, and shoppers can get almost unlimited information about the products they’re buying. “All that is changing our consumer brains to expect more when we actually make the effort to go to a shopping centre,” Stephens said. “Thirty years ago the shopping centre was really the apex of convenience. Pre-Internet, where else could you go for shopping? That has been usurped by the Internet. The biggest big box of them all is the Internet, specifically Amazon.” The market is being bifurcated, said Mowbray, of Colliers. Higher end malls with better, newer tenants are doing better than secondary market malls. Chain stores like to be in mall properties where there is a stronger customer base, and top-tier malls aren’t in competition with the strip malls and power centres that are draining business from neighbourhood malls. For a long time, fast fashion, which relied on low prices and rapid turnover of goods, drove shoppers into malls, creating the mentality that there should always be something new in retail. “The consumer starts to get a bit jaded,” said Mowbray. Paring the portfolio Even mall owners are getting out of the mall business. Canada’s top commercial real estate development and investment firms have pared down their mall portfolios by half in recent years. Cadillac Fairview Corp. Ltd. began shrinking the number of its retail assets 10 years ago, from about 40 to the current 20 retail assets across the country, according to Salvatore (Sal) Iacono, executive vice-president, operations, Cadillac Fairview. In the past five years, Cadillac Fairview has invested $2 billion in developing and redeveloping the mall assets it kept, including Sherway Gardens and Toronto Eaton Centre. “We’ve made a huge commitment financially to retail’s future in these select locations,” said Iacono. Oxford Properties Group has pared down to fewer than a dozen malls, and also invested $2 billion in redeveloping its remaining mall assets, including expansions at Yorkdale and Square One, which it co-owns with the Alberta Investment Management Corporation. Ivanhoé Cambridge, which owns Vaughan Mills, Fairview Mall and Oshawa Centre, has 28 mall properties in Canada, including five owned with Cadillac Fairview, down from 48, according to Claude Sirois, president, retail, Ivanhoé Cambridge. Legions of pensioners are connected to those decisions: Cadillac Fairview is a wholly owned real estate subsidiary of the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan (OTPP), with 318,000 active and retired members. Oxford Properties owns and manages its portfolio on behalf of the Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System, (OMERS), with 365,000 members and 900 participating employers. Ivanhoé Cambridge is a real estate subsidiary of the Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec, a long-term institutional investor that manages funds primarily for public and parapublic pension and insurance plans. Part of it is cyclical: some malls go through periods of decline. Erin Mills Town Centre looked rough for a while after it lost Target and before Walmart moved in. The Oshawa Centre was recently substantially expanded and improved by a $230-million investment by owner Ivanhoé Cambridge. Mall traffic is up 55 per cent as a result. Pickering Town Centre general manager Diane Camelford said while there are blank storefronts in the mall, it’s also being redeveloped, having recently added a Farm Boy grocery store and a Saks OFF 5th. A Cineplex and a Pickle Barrel restaurant are also planned. She believes better times are ahead, along with construction of a new residential development called New Seaton, which is expected to add 70,000 new residents to the area. Two rows of storefronts on the upper level of the mall, in the east wing, remain unoccupied. “It’s challenging for everybody. There have been a lot of companies, sadly, that have left the landscape,” said Camelford. Destined for development Other malls, including Honeydale, have development potential, although that can take years — even decades. The Honeydale project, which would include a mix of residential and retail components, has been stuck in development limbo for years. RioCan’s Sonshine has described his retail empire, with more than 300 locations across Canada, as a land bank with some of the best future redevelopment sites in the country. “Every shopping centre ever built is at a major intersection and a good location. As the country fills in transit and infrastructure over the next 10 years — and it’s not just a Toronto phenomenon, it’s happening in Calgary, Edmonton, Montreal, Vancouver and Ottawa — it unlocks opportunities,” he told analysts on the company’s most recent earnings call. The new owners of the Whitby Mall Shopping Centre purchased it last year, with an eye to its long-term potential as a mixed-used development, including homes. “In our mind, we were buying land with income,” said Adam Paul, president and chief executive officer of First Capital Realty, the same firm that redeveloped Hazelton Lanes into Yorkville Village. “Our immediate plans are to continue to run it because we are receiving an acceptable return on it. We will work with the city and the community and existing retailers to determine what the appropriate redevelopment will look like and the timing. But I know it’s not short term.” Most retailers aren’t interested in investing in a location unless they have a minimum five-to-10 year horizon, says Nick Endrizzi, director of leasing for The Conservatory Group, which owns Kipling Queensway and describes itself as the largest builder of luxury condominium communities in the GTA. Eventually, Kipling-Queensway will be redeveloped. In the meantime, new tenants, including a shoe store and a dollar store are expected to open up in the next few months. Endrizzi blames the decline of the neighbourhood mall in part on a huge growth in the number of retail plazas and centres. “Thirty years ago you didn’t have a power centre, you didn’t have a big-box type centre, you didn’t have outlets — you didn’t have that kind of choice.” Editors' Picks Once Upon A City: The 1992 riot that served as wake-up call for Toronto police Toronto students build robot to feed dogs while owners away What it's like when your wife is in the psych ward Video: Quality control goons drag saggy Pikachu away as it deflates More on Metronews.ca Most Popular What it's like when your wife is in the psych ward B.C. NDP ahead 8% but B.C. Greens could be real kingmakers: poll Two people seriously injured after head-on crash on Nova Scotia highway Shaughnessy property owners compare high-density housing to slave ships Toronto Views More... Tory's Toronto No hope for social housing found in Kathleen Wynne's budget Tory's Toronto Ontario's budget shouldn't pass up golden opportunity on transit Tory's Toronto Five reasons why Toronto is clearly better than Vancouver: Matt Elliott Tory's Toronto At long last, Toronto has championship hopes — revel in it Back to Mobile About About Us Contact Careers RSS Feeds Terms Advertising Terms Terms and Conditions Privacy Code Metronews.ca My Metro Store Contests Metro Panel Special Features FAQ © Copyright Free Daily News Group Inc. 2001-2017 Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Increased competition on horizon for American groceries Low-priced German retailer Lidl is planning an expansion to the U.S., which could heighten competition along with online grocery sales. The reliability of food sales has drawn more stores into the market for prepared food, snacks and other traditional grocery items.  (Al Behrman / The Associated Press)   By Craig GiammonaBloomberg Sat., May 6, 2017 NEW YORK—The American grocery store has so far been mostly immune to the ravages of online shopping and the all-around apocalyptic outlook facing the nation’s retailers. But a war is coming to the staid supermarket, and that could mean more consolidation, bankruptcies and falling prices. An invasion is getting under way. Lidl, a German retailer known for low prices and efficient operations, is expected to start an aggressive U.S. expansion in the coming weeks that could open as many as 100 new stores across the East Coast by the summer of 2018. The company, which runs about 10,000 stores in Europe, has also set its sights on Texas, one of the most competitive grocery markets in the U.S. Analysts expect Lidl to expand to nearly $9 billion (U.S.) in sales by 2023. The last thing U.S. grocers need is more cutthroat competition. As the ranks of U.S. grocery stores have swelled, food has become a way for struggling brick-and-mortar retailers such as dollar stores and pharmacies to compete for customers. Even though groceries have been somewhat insulated from online pressure, Amazon.com remains dedicated to cracking the code, finally, on fresh food. “It’s an intimidating time for a lot of these retailers,” said Jennifer Bartashus, an analyst at Bloomberg Intelligence. “We’re poised to see a lot more change in the next couple of years.” These are the five forces that are going shake up the landscape of American groceries.  Article Continued Below These are tough times for the U.S. retail industry, with stores closing at a record pace so far in 2017. It’s no secret why: Amazon is gobbling up more and more sales of clothing, electronics and other items that once drew shoppers to department stores and malls. The grocery business has been a safe haven in recent years. Only about 1 per cent of the roughly $1.5 trillion industry has moved online. That’s made supermarkets an attractive real estate tenant in an era when other shopping has moved from the mall to the living room couch. The reliability of food sales has also drawn more and more stores into the market for prepared food, snacks and other traditional grocery items as a reliable driver of store traffic. After all, we have to eat and get more garbage bags. “It’s perceived as relatively impervious to the shift online,” James Cook, director of retail research at JLL, said of the grocery business. “For most of America, food is not purchased online.” More food is sold in more places these days, with pharmacies and dollar stores looking to groceries to lure customers. Dollar General alone added more than 900 stores last year, ending 2016 with more than 13,000 locations. The chain, which generates roughly 75 per cent of revenue from consumable items such as food, soap and paper towels, is planning to open another 1,000 stores this year. CVS, which operates nearly 8,000 stand-alone locations, is betting on food to boost store traffic. Like other pharmacies, where shoppers would traditionally visit to pick up deodorant along with a prescription, the chain has boosted its food offerings to add more healthy snacks and grab-and-go options. All this competition has come amid a historic bout of food deflation. Grocers have engaged in a price war that has been a boon for consumers while weighing down on corporate earnings — and those trends will only get more intense once Lidl opens its doors in the U.S. The company has long battled rival German grocer Aldi in markets across Europe. Both companies have taken on entrenched grocers and eaten into market share with their low prices and no-frills stores. Aldi, which has more than 1,600 U.S. stores, has spent the past couple years preparing for Lidl’s arrival by aggressively expanding in Southern California and spending $1.6 billion to spruce up its locations. That has put pressure on Wal-Mart and the dollar stores in the competition for budget-conscious shoppers. Wal-Mart Stores, which generates more than half of its revenue from groceries, has been working to improve its fresh food offerings. The retail giant’s low grocery prices have made things tough for Kroger Co., the largest supermarket chain in the U.S. Lidl is slated to open 20 locations in Virginia, North Carolina and South Carolina this summer and could reach 630 locations over the next six years, according to Kantar Retail. The company had sales of roughly $69 billion last year. Expect Lidl’s entrance into the U.S. to ramp up the price war and possibly force smaller, regional companies to close or consolidate. “It’s definitely making the regional players nervous,” Bartashus said. “It’s like a stack of dominoes; it takes one thing to tip it, and they all start moving in one direction.”  The number of shopping trips Americans made to buy food rose 1 per cent last year, according to Nielsen data. That may not sound like much, but it’s the first annual gain in at least a decade. The shift in shopping behaviour is being driven, in part, by the increasing preference for fresh food. Americans are shopping more often and buying fewer items per trip. The weekly trip to load up the station wagon is also being supplemented by everything from meal-kit services, such as Blue Apron, grocery deliveries and visits to the local farmer’s market. The grocery business is known for its razor-thin margins and survival driven by repeat business. The fracturing of this pattern is a long-term risk for grocers, who have responded by boosting prepared food offerings. So far, at least, e-commerce has struggled to encroach on the grocery business. Amazon has tried for nearly a decade to find its way into delivering fresh food without much success. Now the online retail giant is opening brick-and-mortar stores, experimenting with drive-in grocery kiosks where consumers can pick up orders and working on a hybrid supermarket that mixes the best of online and in-store shopping. Even though customers have been slow to adopt delivery for groceries, the business is expanding. There was a time when analysts felt consumers would never buy shoes online because they wanted to try them on. That sentiment is still applied to grocers — most people, the thinking goes, still want to touch the avocados or talk to a butcher. The looming threat of Amazon’s encroachment is another potential headwind for the grocery business. Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 6°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Why we’re raising our kids in a condo It’s an urban myth that children need a house. Our sons, and their friends, benefit from highrise living in so many ways. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Bombardier Donald Trump Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Now Trending: Top U.S. Companies to Ho... Texas police chief says ... Dallas County leader fou... African American Educati... EDITORIALS EDUCATION NEWS SPORTS Archives 2017 2016 2015 2014 2013 2012 2011 2010 Menu Top U.S. Companies to Host Opportunity Youth Hiring Fair in Dallas dptstaff | May 6, 2017 | LOCAL, NEWS, YOUTH TODAY | No Comments With an estimated 109,000 young men and women not in school or the workforce – nearly 13 percent of youth – the Dallas metro area has one of the highest rates of youth disengagement in the nation[1]. In response, a national coalition of more than 50 leading U.S. companies known as the 100,000 Opportunities Initiative™ will come together on Friday, May 19, from 9 am to 4 pm at the Kay Bailey Hutchison Convention Center to host the Dallas Opportunity Fair –  an unprecedented, day-long hiring event aimed at Opportunity Youth – 16- to 24-year-olds who are not in school or working. The event will feature recruiters and resources from top U.S. companies including Starbucks, FedEx, JCPenney, Pizza Hut, Chipotle, Delaware North, Republic Services, Dominos, Sprinkles, Five Guys, Target, Hilton Worldwide, Teavana, HMSHost, T-Mobile, Ulta Beauty, Macy’s, Villa, Papa John’s, Walgreens and Walmart. Together, they are offering more than 1,700 guaranteed job interviews throughout the day for local positions, as well as the opportunity to connect with more than 30 job-readiness and social services, including resume writing, interview skills and college and financial aid applications – making this the largest and most comprehensive opportunity youth hiring fair ever hosted in Texas. Based on past events in Chicago, Los Angeles, Phoenix and Seattle, the coalition expects to extend hundreds of immediate, on-the-spot job offers at the May 19 event. It will also look to sustain investment in Dallas over the next few years, partnering with local organizations to create ongoing impact. “FedEx is dedicated to helping young people gain the skills and career connections necessary to find available jobs on the path to starting their careers,” said Kim Dixon, Executive Vice President and Chief Operating Officer, FedEx Office. “We’re proud to be a founding member of the 100,000 Opportunities Initiative coalition of leading companies and look forward to connecting with young talent in the Dallas area.” Launched in 2015, the 100,000 Opportunities Initiative™ reached its original goal of hiring and engaging 100,000 opportunity youth two years ahead of schedule. But with an estimated 4.9 million young Americans still left out of the U.S. economy[2], the coalition has since expanded its commitment to a new goal of 1 million hires by 2020. Each of the companies and organizations involved share a commitment to helping youth connect with employers and develop basic job skills. The goal is to get these young men and women into the workforce and on to a long-term pathway to success. “Connecting America’s underserved youth to a pathway to employment has the potential to create an enormous ripple effect on our businesses, communities and the economy. And, we are excited to launch our next hiring fair in Dallas,” said Kevin Johnson, president and ceo of Starbucks Coffee Company. “Through a series of initiatives, including our work with the coalition, Starbucks has hired more than 40,000 Opportunity Youth. This has prompted us to expand our own goal to 100,000 hires by 2020. These young men and women are thriving in the Starbucks environment, demonstrating that opportunity youth can be an invaluable pipeline of talent for a company like ours, as we look to fill 68,000 new jobs in the U.S. in the next five years.” “Since joining the 100,000 Opportunities Initiative, Pizza Hut has successfully filled thousands of jobs including several manager-level positions,” said Artie Starrs, President, Pizza Hut, U.S. “We are like-minded in the coalition’s mission of empowering youth to reach their full potential. We look forward to engaging with the smart, talented and ambitious youth in the city in which we work and live.” In the Dallas-Fort Worth area, and around the country, youth unemployment still tops 12 percent[3], disproportionately impacting young people from underserved low-income communities. The coalition will work alongside Dallas’ civic and community leaders including the City of Dallas, Workforce Solutions Greater Dallas, United Way of Metro Dallas, CitySquare and other key partners to build on existing opportunity youth hiring efforts and ensure the initiative is sustained in the long run. “Our young people are the future of Dallas, and every one of them deserves an opportunity to achieve their full potential,” said Mayor Mike Rawlings. “I’m grateful for the leaders of the 100,000 Opportunities Initiative and several Dallas-based companies and service providers that have stepped up. The May 19 Opportunity Fair will help launch a true employer-led, long-term effort to provide career and education pathways to thousands of opportunity youth in Dallas. I urge our local businesses to take part in this opportunity to strengthen our city, our local economy and the workforce of tomorrow by investing in our youth in the form of meaningful jobs and training opportunities.” “We believe it’s our collective responsibility to invest in getting these disconnected youth into the types of jobs that are required for them to lead rewarding, productive lives,” said Ashley Brundage, Senior Vice President, Community Impact, United Way of Metropolitan Dallas. “Their future is our priority. We applaud the leaders of 100,000 Opportunities Initiative for bringing global leaders together to make a deep, lasting impact in our future. This partnership furthers our purpose of putting knowledge and opportunity at the footstep of so many eager minds. We are excited to collaborate on May 19 to empower, engage, and equip our next generation.”   “We welcome the 100,000 Opportunities Initiative to Dallas.  The event gives corporations with a Dallas presence access to a goldmine of entry-level trainable talent,” said Laurie Bouillion Larrea, president at Workforce Solutions Greater Dallas. “The benefits of youth employment are staggering. Early employment translates to higher earning in adulthood and better financial inclusion. Dallas area companies need this talent and our Dallas youth need paid apprenticeship opportunities. It’s a win-win for everyone.” Youth Can Register for Guaranteed Job Interviews at the Dallas Opportunity Fair Interested candidates are invited to register for free and schedule an interview ahead of time for the May 19 hiring event at www.100kOpportunities.org/Dallas. Youth will also have access to more than 30 vital employment, educational and social services, including one-on-one resume and interview coaching; opportunities for civic engagement like voter registration and national service; the chance to build an online candidate profile; and more. The event will also feature informative and inspirational performances and activities throughout the day. Building the Nation’s Largest Employer-Led Initiative for Opportunity Youth The 100,000 Opportunities Initiative™ now includes more than  50 companies, including: Accenture, Alaska Airlines, Chipotle, Cintas, CVS Health, Delaware North, Domino’s, Ernst & Young, FedEx, Five Guys, Food Services of America, Gene Juarez, Greyston Bakery, Hilton WorldWide, HMSHost, Hyatt, JCPenney, JPMorgan Chase, Leisure Care, Lyft, Macy’s, Mars, Microsoft, MOD Pizza, Nordstrom, Panda Express, Papa Johns, Pizza Hut, Porch, Potbelly, Prudential Financial, Inc., Red Robin, Republic Services, Savers, Sprinkles Cupcakes, Starbucks, Sweetgreen, Taco Bell, Target, Teavana, T-Mobile, Toms, Ulta Beauty, Villa, Walgreens, Walmart, and Yum!. The 100,000 Opportunities Initiative™ is led by an Executive Committee which provides generous support including FedEx, HMSHost, My Brother’s Keeper Alliance, The Rockefeller Foundation, Schultz Family Foundation, Starbucks, Yum!, and Walmart Foundation. Premier sponsorship for the event in Dallas is being provided by FedEx Office, JCPenney and the JC Penney Foundation, and Starbucks and the Starbucks Foundation. As it has in Chicago, Phoenix, Los Angeles, and Seattle, the 100,000 Opportunities InitiativeTM will partner with national and local organizations to provide continued investment in Dallas to create pathways to employment for Opportunity Youth in the region, including ongoing hiring fairs and other efforts to train and employ youth. About the 100,000 Opportunities Initiative The 100,000 Opportunities Initiative™ has the goal of creating the nation’s largest employer-led private sector coalition committed to creating pathways to employment for young people. Companies engaged in the coalition will help to launch careers for young people that are just entering the workforce, including internships, apprenticeships and on the job training, in addition to developing potential in youth that have some work experience but are looking to gain new skills that lead to a successful career.  For more information, please visit www.100kOpportunities.org. For a complete list of participating companies, community service organizations, funders and participants, please visit www.100kOpportunities.org. To learn more about the coalition’s impact at past hiring events, and what to expect at the Dallas Opportunity Fair on May 19, visit our YouTube video page at http://bit.ly/2oIozpo.Media interested in attending the event in Dallas must pre-register for credentials by contacting media@100kOpportunities.org. Like Us On Facebook INSPIRATION FOR THE WEEK Archives Select Month May 2017 April 2017 March 2017 February 2017 January 2017 December 2016 November 2016 October 2016 September 2016 August 2016 July 2016 June 2016 May 2016 April 2016 March 2016 February 2016 January 2016 December 2015 November 2015 October 2015 September 2015 August 2015 July 2015 June 2015 May 2015 April 2015 March 2015 February 2015 January 2015 December 2014 November 2014 October 2014 September 2014 August 2014 July 2014 June 2014 May 2014 April 2014 March 2014 February 2014 January 2014 December 2013 November 2013 October 2013 September 2013 NEWS Top U.S. Companies to Host Opportunity Youth Hiring Fair in Dallas Texas police chief says car was driving away from cop who fatally shot teen passenger Dallas County leader found NOT GUILTY in corruption trial African American Education Archives and History Program Inducts Nine Outstanding Individuals Wells Fargo Banks New Ad Campaign to Regain Customer Trust Does Not Appear to Include Black & Latino Newspapers NNPA Newswire Exclusive: Bill Cosby Finally Breaks His Silence Copyright © 2017 Dallas Post Tribune. Website by SJS Graphic Arts. Home About Us Contact Us DPT Staff Links Sales and Marketing Subscribe  
ON NEWSSTANDS 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Music Style Culture Video share tweet Feed All Posts Featured Posts Trending Posts Magazine Events Shop Twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr US US UK US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition Follow the Fader Press Enter to Search Music Style Culture Video Magazine Events Shop US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition style / Feature Farren Fucci Conquered The Fashion Landscape And Styled Rihanna By Being Himself The social media star went from creating outfits online to dressing real life icons. By Killian Wright-Jackson A post shared by flo$$. aka fucci (@karlie.floss) on Mar 25, 2017 at 11:51am PDT At 25, stylist, creative director, and image architect Farren Fucci has achieved what many dream about. In March, he styled Rihanna for a Paper cover story. (He’d previously dressed Bella Hadid for the magazine in December 2016.) She was dressed in vintage Chanel, unbuttoned and topless, a sweaty bottle of 40oz beer in her manicured hand. There was a sumptuous fur coat worn with a sports bra; and her hair shifted from seafoam spikes to lavender tresses and citrus ponytails. Throughout the editorial each look was an amalgamation of luxury, mundanity, and blackness. And they were all created with the kind of context that can only be lived; the kind that a million black girls know but never name. Those smoky nights where one poses against a bag of chips in a nearby bodega, decked out in club-ready couture. I first saw Fucci’s work on Twitter in December. A lot of my friends followed him and retweeted his Carrie Bradshaw thread, a sermon about hoeism. His posts featured style moments from old television shows, forgotten editorials, and underrated runway collections. They were high-fashion, but also street, sexy, and prim. It was his Polyvore mood boards, though, that really helped him gain visibility in the fashion world. They showed that he was capable of styling seriously, with a careful eye, and caught the attention of Rihanna long before the two worked together. Fucci’s is the kind of Twitter page that makes you forget about time, sifting through GIFS forever, saving looks to your phone for reference. When we met in March through a mutual friend, Fucci stood tall at 6 feet 3 inches, dressed in baggy leather pants, a motorcycle jacket, and Chanel sneakers. He was reserved and quiet, but I was full of excitement. Fucci’s not just in fashion, but creating it. He’s also black and gay. When I was working in fashion I rarely saw anyone who looked like me. Black bodies are rarely embraced in that realm and almost never arbiters of style. Often we exist only as inspiration, as halves of a whole and as littered affectations. Despite a few hiccups in our plans to set up an interview, we finally spoke over email, FaceTime, and a phone call about fashion, empowerment, and being a creative. ADVERTISEMENT What’s your earliest memory of being interested in fashion? When I saw 2004 Rasta Collection for Dior by John Galliano. I was like 13 years old. It was a photograph of Gisele Bundchen by Nick Knight. That was the first image I cut out and put on my wall as a child. I really wanted to be her, she was so badass. I didn’t know anything about her but I knew I loved that outfit. But before then my introduction to fashion was playing with Barbies and Bratz dolls. I took styling them so seriously; I would cut their clothes and make them shorter. I thought their bodies were banging and I always wanted to show that off. I used to fucking murder that game My Scene online. Oh, that was my shit! What do you think attracted to Barbies, Bratz, the female form? Honestly, before I was born the doctor told my mom I was a girl and I just thought for a moment, before I had the tools and the language, that I was born in the wrong body. When I dressed Barbie I felt like I was dressing myself. Back then as a kid, you weren’t really allowed to express yourself outside of gender norms and to do anything outside of masculinity was considered “wanting to be a girl”. And I think at that time, I ran with that. Do you think that played a part in the sort of self-loathing you’ve addressed on Instagram? Yes, I grew up in a small ass town and I think a smaller town breeds even smaller minds. Anything I did, even my basketball movements were nitpicked. If I did anything “feminine”, like play video games online as a girl character and my mother would come and turn the game off. She’d make me go outside and play basketball. I was forced to do things I didn’t want to do. It was always go outside and shoot and practice. And how did that impact you? When I was seventeen years old, I became homeless. I had a boyfriend and my grandparents were very religious and my mom was homophobic. One day I came home from my boyfriend’s and my mom told me that my grandparents said I needed to leave. I didn’t ask any questions, I left. There wasn’t anything I could do. I was who I was and no one was going to change that. It was very difficult, doing everything on my own. I was raised upper middle class, my mother and grandparents gave me a lot, but when I came out there was no more of that. I was working at a gas station, Chilli’s, Wal-Mart, and a clothing store called Maurice’s. It was a hustle, everyday. I stayed with a friend for about three months and then I made it to college. During that time, I was in a physically abusive relationship. Rated R had just come out and that’s what really linked me to Rihanna. We seemed to be going through the same thing. I played “Firebomb” everyday. Every word still hits me. There was so much going on and I ended up moving to another city just to get away. It was dark and scary, but there were fun moments. I went to clubs for the first time, I smoked. I was a bit lost, unstable, but I learned so much. def framing dis. such an amazing experience. the opportunities already rolling in, i appreciate you more than you know. @badgalriri 📸 : @rihannaoverdose A post shared by flo$$. aka fucci (@karlie.floss) on Mar 3, 2017 at 11:19am PST You posted about “that moment when you finally become comfortable in your own skin” and learning to love yourself, how’d you arrive at that moment? ADVERTISEMENT It was more so a fake it until I make it kind of thing. I knew that no one was gonna treat me with respect, no one else was gonna love me, unless I did first, or at least act like I do. I realized that me beating myself up and being unhappy wasn’t fueling me, it was putting me in situations that I didn’t need to be in. Around people who weren’t good for me. I got tired of it and I cut it out. Your entry into the fashion realm looks unprecedented and tremendously fast to an outsider. What were your early days of styling before your big breakthrough? Before I started doing the styling and stuff like that, I was at the point where I had to jump all in. Last year, I gave God an ultimatum and said if I don’t make it quick or fast I don’t know how much longer I can live on this planet. I was at the point where I was nearly about to give up because I wanted to create and the job I was at was not challenging me in anyway. Literally within a week, I jumped full force into that idea. Every time 11:11 hit, I would pray and tell God what I wanted. As soon as I started doing that pattern, (I believe full-heartedly in numerology and I read that 11:11 is the Angel’s time or the time that God hears you the most) I posted the picture of the Hillary Clinton shirt and that day Rihanna hit me up. What happened after Rihanna got in touch? When I first started posting looks, I didn’t expect anything to happen. When I was in the city to give Rihanna the shirt, I thought about the Paper interview in which they christened me “Rihanna’s favorite.” At first I didn’t like that, I thought it was a bit pretentious until she called me that herself. But when I was in New York City, I hit up Sandra, who wrote the piece. She was really an advocate for me, she got the vision. We had an impromptu meeting and I told her my vision for Bella. Me and Bella had become really cool through DM’s and texting, really a lot of life advice and suggestions and that eventually lead towards some fashion ideas. The whole idea from our shoot with Bella was to make her break out of the shell that I felt the fashion industry was putting her in. I felt like fashion wasn’t allowing her to be as edgy as she could be and I wanted to help show that. They already had a concept with a cover for someone else but when I told them the idea they were amazed and decided to go with that instead. Rihanna rented out an entire nightclub just so the two of you can grab a drink, what is it outside of styling that you think makes her feel comfortable with you? I think it has a lot to do with my transparency. I share a lot of things online and I’m genuine in that way. After we shot the Paper cover, I asked her why me out of all of her millions of fans, and she said that my genuineness and authenticity speaks through my social media and it even made her feel comfortable enough to do something as bold as give me her personal number. A post shared by flo$$. aka fucci (@karlie.floss) on Mar 11, 2017 at 5:49pm PST “If it’s something you want to do, pursue it. You know your purpose, it’s that little thing you keep thinking about. Listen to that, follow your heart, it will all come true. It’s gonna be hard as fuck, but believe you can get out of any rut.” Why are you so transparent online? I used to be very reserved and quiet in real life. Social media was a way for me to share my thoughts, I’m better at writing my feelings and ideas down. It was easy for me to say whatever I thought and there was no one that could stop me, so why not be transparent? I’ve thought about making another instagram but I don’t really care. I’m gonna say what I want from my page, I don’t need to hide. I’m not scared of anyone. There was no decision making to be transparent, I just have nothing I feel I need to hide. You either like me or you don’t. How do you choose the women you work with? It is only through social? I like edgy girls. I like girls who smoke weed and wear Chanel. A bad bitch, someone who is confident in her sexuality. That’s my favorite type of woman. I always want to celebrate her sexy, I think regardless of body type, hair color, ethnicity, there’s that innate sex appeal I try to bring out. I like to work with women I actually like as people and they have to have good energy. ADVERTISEMENT You’ve talked a lot about your “hoesthetic” for women, wanting them to feel liberated and empowered, are the approaches to this aesthetic different for women of color whose bodies are often policed and criticized, is there a different responsibility you feel you might have when dressing the black body? I don’t approach it differently at all. I believe every woman should be allowed to dress the way that they want and that’s how I create looks. We use our own gaze, not the white one, not the male one, not one focused on “class”. This is their world. We dress for ourselves here. If you understand good, if not, next. Most people seem to have forgotten that there was a time when men who were interested in fashion were immediately thought of as gay. Musicians, athletes, and celebrities have changed that publically. Contemporary media outlets often cite straight male rappers as “fashion icons” but very rarely do gay men who started certain trends get press. What are your thoughts on that? I think that’s pretty wack. I was wearing shit that straight men are wearing now when I was in eleventh grade. That was in 2006. It’s interesting because minority groups create these trends that the mass take on years later but now I’m happy we are starting to see change. There are gay men who have paved the way for me and others. Men like Andre Leon Talley and Edward Enninful. I hope one day I become a fashion icon but I do feel like the pit that gay men are in sometimes starts in our own communities. A lot of times gay men, in my experience, have been unsupportive and catty in fashion. I think there’s a territorial type of thing. They’re territorial towards friends who happen to be their clients and I’m a new person that a lot of people want to work with. I don’t think they think there’s enough room for all of us. There’s still that idea that there can only be one. I don’t compete with anyone. You automatically lose when you do that. There’s so much of a fight with gays and fashion but how can we advance as a community if we aren’t even for each other? Do you think fashion truly believes in that rhetoric? I don’t think they believe that fully, but I think they have favorites. It’s all about connections, it’s all about how you move. If I would've came into the industry with 100 followers and no network, I would’ve gotten treated with a who are you? The thing that leveled the playing field was that I had Bella and Rihanna in my corner, truly there to help me. It wasn’t that a magazine could ask me to style them, they didn’t even have them to style. It was known, they were doing it to work with me. Paper had been actively trying to get Rih and they couldn’t. Having the pop star and model of our time endorse me definitely has given me so much. If it wasn’t for Rih or Bella, I’d probably still be posting Polyvore looks on Twitter. They have the world’s stage, not just fashion’s. I’m forever thankful that they’ve given me this platform. A post shared by flo$$. aka fucci (@karlie.floss) on Jan 17, 2017 at 8:14pm PST Now after directing and styling two magazine covers of your own what do you think about most fashion covers today? I think people need to take more risks. Stop making models look the same in every shoot. Transform these girls. Allow them to really model. Make them a character. Bella had so much fun becoming another person on set. I think people get so scared of being labeled a cultural appropriator but there are still so many ways to transform someone without offending. Fashion needs to get back to that. Bring theatrics back. Transformation. Even on the runway shows, why are they only just walking down the runway. Do something else, we need more, we want more. What would say to the dreamers facing obstacles that might feel permanent, the one’s who haven’t never interned, and are miles away from big cities? It might seem lame but look at me. I was from North Carolina, the most boring place. Don’t give up. That is it, believe in yourself. If it’s something you want to do, pursue it. You know your purpose, it’s that little thing you keep thinking about. Listen to that, follow your heart, it will all come true. It’s gonna be hard as fuck, but believe you can get out of any rut. May 05, 2017 Womenswear Read full story Sign up for The FADER's daily newsletter. Trending music / News Watch Future’s “Mask Off” Video Featuring Amber Rose music / News YesJulz Dropped From Two Toronto Events After Controversial Tweet culture / News Edward Crawford, The Ferguson Protestor In Iconic Tear Gas Photo, Has Been Found Dead music / News Miley Cyrus Now Thinks Rap Is Too Explicit And Wants Trump Voters To Give Her A Chance music / News Listen To Jeremih’s Surprise EP Cinco De MihYo style / Feature Farren Fucci Conquered The Fashion Landscape And Styled Rihanna By Being Himself Contact Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Fader Label Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube Tumblr Instagram Apple Music Soundcloud Spotify RSS Magazine 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Subscribe Sign up for The FADER's daily newsletter. ©2017 The Fader, Inc. All rights reserved. Site By Wondersauce
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business How neighbourhood malls are struggling to survive The ripple effects of the retail apocalypse that swept across the U.S. after the financial collapse of 2008 continue to emanate through Canada. Interior photo of the Five Points Mall in Oshawa. As Francine Kopun reports, the enclosed part ofthe mall will be demolished.  (Vince Talotta / Toronto Star) | Order this photo   By Francine Kopun Business reporter Sat., May 6, 2017 Mohammed Polani remembers the days when Whitby Mall Shopping Centre was packed with people who would line up outside his store at 7 a.m. to buy newspapers and magazines. They were educated and literate, with a wide variety of hobbies and interests — diverse enough that he could sell magazines with titles like Vintage Fire Truck and Equipment and Wrist Watch Magazine and the Harvard Business Review. “As long as there was a proper anchor, things were good,” says Polani. “The mall was like a can of sardines; it was very busy until about 2000.” Then his clientele in the mall’s office space began to be relocated, as their companies were bought, sold and restructured. The Woolco anchor store was replaced by a Walmart which was replaced partly by a Sobeys with no access through the mall. A second-hand store replaced a Staples. Article Continued Below The new generation of workers in the mall’s office spaces are more interested in Facebook and Instagram than they are in the magazines Polani sells, and they can access an infinite number of articles for free online. At the end of his lease, Polani will hand in the keys to his store, joining a long list of retailers calling it quits in an unforgiving retail environment that is adding up to one long headache for mall owners. Whitby Mall isn’t the only property struggling to attract and keep tenants. While top-tier malls, including Yorkdale and Toronto Eaton Centre are by all accounts flourishing, many neighbourhood malls appear to be an anchor away from a potentially fatal downward spiral. Others are clinging to their original retail purpose while waiting for redevelopment. No one is predicting the kind of retail apocalypse in Canada that swept across the United States after the financial collapse of 2008, leaving even large malls across the country abandoned. The single most important difference is that the U.S. had too much retail to begin with and still does. Industry estimates peg the amount of mall space in the U.S. at 25 square feet per person, whereas in Canada it’s closer to 15 square feet per person. But the sector is in upheaval. The retail industry is the single largest jobs category in the country, employing 1.96 million people in 2016, according to Statistics Canada. Most retail workers — 1.7 million — are employed in shopping centres, according to data from the International Council of Shopping Centres (ICSC.) There are 3,742 shopping centres in Canada measuring more than 40,000 square feet, including strip malls, according to the ICSC — up from 3,496 in 2012. Mohammed Polani, in his magazine store Daily Planet, at Whitby Mall Shopping Centre. He has owned the business for 23 years in two different locations in the mall. He has decided to close up shop at the end of his lease.  (Nick Kozak)   Anchors away Historically, malls were anchored by department stores at either end, but the department store sector is in decline in the U.S. and Canada. “Over the five years to 2021, the industry is forecast to continue contracting,” according to an industry report, “Department Stores in Canada,” from market research firm IBISWorld. “Profit has also suffered over the five years to 2016, as many industry operators have slashed their selling prices in order to remain attractive to customers,” according to the report. “Malls used to rely on their anchors and the anchors are changing faster than anyone imagined they would,” said Mary Mowbray, senior vice-president, group sales for Colliers International, pointing to Target, which cycled in and out of shopping malls in two years. Some malls have already backfilled — or failed to backfill — the 133 large spaces left by Target when it abruptly pulled up stakes in 2015. The failure of a retailer like Sears Canada — working on another turnaround strategy after years of diminishing returns and selling off stores — would send shock waves across the already fragile retail ecosystem. Sears has closed 11 department store anchor locations across Canada since 2012. It still anchors 93. RioCan Real Estate Investment Trust had 26 Target stores, and while CEO Edward Sonshine managed to extract a $132-million payment from Target in bankruptcy and many of the locations were leased to new tenants, others remain empty two years later, like the one at Five Points Mall in Oshawa. Now the enclosed part of Five Points Mall will be demolished. The area where the empty Target store is located has been sold to a self-storage company. It will remain a shopping centre, but not enclosed. Enclosed malls are too expensive to operate — the taxes are high, they’re expensive to heat in winter and cool in summer, said Sonshine. “That type of space, unless you’re part of a very large centre, it’s obsolete,” he added. “The big malls are all fine, but the smaller malls, like this one, they really have no reason to be a mall, it’s much cheaper for the tenants and for the customers, quite frankly, to not have it be enclosed.” Interior pictures of the Five Points Mall in Oshawa.  (Vince Talotta)   The same approach is being taken with RioCan’s Niagara Square property. Riocan’s County Fair Mall in Smiths Falls was sold late last year. In the west end of the city, Kipling-Queensway mall has the same hushed feel of Five Corners. It is anchored by one of Canada’s two remaining Zellers stores (the other is in Ottawa.) A Sobeys moors the opposite end, but there are several vacant stores in the space between them, including a vacant kiosk space. Honeydale mall in Etobicoke is widely believed to be Canada’s only ghost mall, boarded up and fenced off. Malvern Town Centre, which cycled through a Zeller’s closure followed by a Target closure, lost its No Frills anchor on April 27, leaving a 70,000-square-foot space to fill. “We are definitely going through a transition now,” said Jennifer Huntley, director of leasing at Davpart Inc., the company that owns and operates Malvern Town Centre. She feels confident the mall will pull through — it brought in a 20,000-square-foot Planet Fitness last year and has plans for the No Frills space, but it’s too early to announce what those plans are. “I think it’s going to get stronger, absolutely.” Huntley said the company is working with city council to improve public transportation to the mall, and planned new housing developments will soon increase population density, creating a larger market. Retail retreats But the closure of big box stores like Staples, which has been downsizing its bricks-and-mortar presence across North America, has given prospective tenants more options to choose from, making it more difficult for malls to compete. “It is hard to survive,” said Ilyas Qureshi, owner of E Games Plus at Malvern Town Centre, which sells video games and toys. “Day-by-day, business is going down.” His lease is up in September and he doesn’t know if he will renew. Pickering Town Centre, anchored by a Sears and a Hudson’s Bay, has several large empty storefronts, because smaller-store brands are also scaling back their physical presence. “Retailers don’t want to have 600 stores anymore in a country. They are aiming for something closer to 300,” said Spenser Allaway, senior associate, Green Street Advisors, a commercial real estate consultancy. “I think we may see a lot more rationalize their store counts in the coming years.” The softness in the sector is being driven by a large number of retail failures, including once-dominant brands like American Apparel, Mexx, Jones New York and Tip Top Tailors, and Canadian mainstays like Danier Leather and Jacob. A few brands and retailers are in expansion mode, but they aren’t expanding as fast as other retailers are falling, and the result is a large number of vacant storefronts in malls. Interior pictures of Pickering Town Centre.  (Vince Talotta)   The growth of online The growth of online sales is another contributing factor. According to an estimate by Colliers International, online sales of $23 billion in 2014 replaced 76.7 million square feet of bricks and mortar stores. That’s roughly equivalent to the shopping centre inventories of Vancouver, Halifax, Ottawa and Victoria combined, according to the report. “My caution to anyone in the shopping centre industry is that this is a very fragile situation in my view,” said retail consultant Doug Stephens, author of the newly published book Re-Engineering Retail, The Future of Selling in a Post-Digital World. Online sales are not just cutting into sales at bricks-and-mortar stores, online shopping is recalibrating what people think shopping should be, Stephens said. Shopping online is frictionless, and shoppers can get almost unlimited information about the products they’re buying. “All that is changing our consumer brains to expect more when we actually make the effort to go to a shopping centre,” Stephens said. “Thirty years ago the shopping centre was really the apex of convenience. Pre-Internet, where else could you go for shopping? That has been usurped by the Internet. The biggest big box of them all is the Internet, specifically Amazon.” The market is being bifurcated, said Mowbray, of Colliers. Higher end malls with better, newer tenants are doing better than secondary market malls. Maheswaran Arumujam, who operates Mr. Pro Prints, says the location at Whitby Mall works for his retail business.  (Vince Talotta)   Chain stores like to be in mall properties where there is a stronger customer base, and top-tier malls aren’t in competition with the strip malls and power centres that are draining business from neighbourhood malls. For a long time, fast fashion, which relied on low prices and rapid turnover of goods, drove shoppers into malls, creating the mentality that there should always be something new in retail. “The consumer starts to get a bit jaded,” said Mowbray. Paring the portfolio Even mall owners are getting out of the mall business. Canada’s top commercial real estate development and investment firms have pared down their mall portfolios by half in recent years. Cadillac Fairview Corp. Ltd. began shrinking the number of its retail assets 10 years ago, from about 40 to the current 20 retail assets across the country, according to Salvatore (Sal) Iacono, executive vice-president, operations, Cadillac Fairview. In the past five years, Cadillac Fairview has invested $2 billion in developing and redeveloping the mall assets it kept, including Sherway Gardens and Toronto Eaton Centre. “We’ve made a huge commitment financially to retail’s future in these select locations,” said Iacono. Oxford Properties Group has pared down to fewer than a dozen malls, and also invested $2 billion in redeveloping its remaining mall assets, including expansions at Yorkdale and Square One, which it co-owns with the Alberta Investment Management Corporation. Ivanhoé Cambridge, which owns Vaughan Mills, Fairview Mall and Oshawa Centre, has 28 mall properties in Canada, including five owned with Cadillac Fairview, down from 48, according to Claude Sirois, president, retail, Ivanhoé Cambridge. Legions of pensioners are connected to those decisions: Cadillac Fairview is a wholly owned real estate subsidiary of the Ontario Teachers' Pension Plan (OTPP), with 318,000 active and retired members. Oxford Properties owns and manages its portfolio on behalf of the Ontario Municipal Employees Retirement System, (OMERS), with 365,000 members and 900 participating employers. A common area inside of Whitby Mall Shopping Centre.  (Nick Kozak)   Ivanhoé Cambridge is a real estate subsidiary of the Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec, a long-term institutional investor that manages funds primarily for public and parapublic pension and insurance plans. Part of it is cyclical: some malls go through periods of decline. Erin Mills Town Centre looked rough for a while after it lost Target and before Walmart moved in. The Oshawa Centre was recently substantially expanded and improved by a $230-million investment by owner Ivanhoé Cambridge. Mall traffic is up 55 per cent as a result. Pickering Town Centre general manager Diane Camelford said while there are blank storefronts in the mall, it’s also being redeveloped, having recently added a Farm Boy grocery store and a Saks OFF 5th. A Cineplex and a Pickle Barrel restaurant are also planned. She believes better times are ahead, along with construction of a new residential development called New Seaton, which is expected to add 70,000 new residents to the area. Two rows of storefronts on the upper level of the mall, in the east wing, remain unoccupied. “It’s challenging for everybody. There have been a lot of companies, sadly, that have left the landscape,” said Camelford. Destined for development Other malls, including Honeydale, have development potential, although that can take years — even decades. The Honeydale project, which would include a mix of residential and retail components, has been stuck in development limbo for years. RioCan’s Sonshine has described his retail empire, with more than 300 locations across Canada, as a land bank with some of the best future redevelopment sites in the country. “Every shopping centre ever built is at a major intersection and a good location. As the country fills in transit and infrastructure over the next 10 years — and it’s not just a Toronto phenomenon, it’s happening in Calgary, Edmonton, Montreal, Vancouver and Ottawa — it unlocks opportunities,” he told analysts on the company’s most recent earnings call. The new owners of the Whitby Mall Shopping Centre purchased it last year, with an eye to its long-term potential as a mixed-used development, including homes. Interior pictures of Kipling Queensway Mall.  (Vince Talotta)   “In our mind, we were buying land with income,” said Adam Paul, president and chief executive officer of First Capital Realty, the same firm that redeveloped Hazelton Lanes into Yorkville Village. “Our immediate plans are to continue to run it because we are receiving an acceptable return on it. We will work with the city and the community and existing retailers to determine what the appropriate redevelopment will look like and the timing. But I know it’s not short term.” Most retailers aren’t interested in investing in a location unless they have a minimum five-to-10 year horizon, says Nick Endrizzi, director of leasing for The Conservatory Group, which owns Kipling Queensway and describes itself as the largest builder of luxury condominium communities in the GTA. Eventually, Kipling-Queensway will be redeveloped. In the meantime, new tenants, including a shoe store and a dollar store are expected to open up in the next few months. Endrizzi blames the decline of the neighbourhood mall in part on a huge growth in the number of retail plazas and centres. “Thirty years ago you didn’t have a power centre, you didn’t have a big-box type centre, you didn’t have outlets — you didn’t have that kind of choice.” Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 6°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Pippin the ‘destructive’ cat is an artist: Pet Psyche His most popular piece, titled 'Self-Portrait,' is a section of wallpaper he destroyed and which remarkably resembles a cat. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Bombardier Donald Trump Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Times Review Our Sites Suffolk Times Riverhead News-Review Shelter Island Reporter northforker Find A Pro Subscriptions New Print Subscription New E-Paper Subscription 99¢ E-Paper Trial Subscription Renew/Manage Subscription E-Paper Login Suffolk Times Riverhead News Review Shelter Island Reporter northforker Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter RSS Feed Write the Editor Send Us a Tip Advertise Classifieds Contact TR Digital News Government Police Education Sports Opinion Community Obituaries Events Eat & Drink Real Estate Stay & Play Shop Menu News Government Police Education Sports Opinion Community Obituaries Events Eat & Drink Real Estate Stay & Play Shop Write the Editor Send Us a Tip Advertise Classifieds Contact TR Digital Police & Fire 05/06/17 5:40am Riverhead Blotter: Man stole cellphone, game controllers at Target by Riverhead News-Review | 05/06/2017 5:40 AM | No Comments Tweet Gerald Crenshaw was arrested for stealing a cellphone and four game controllers from Target last Thursday, according to a Riverhead police report. A Target employee said Mr. Crenshaw, 33, tried to remove the items, valued at $400, around 3:30 p.m. from the Old Country Road store without paying, officials said. He was charged with misdemeanor petit larceny. • Police arrested Kelly Barry for first-degree criminal contempt, a felony, on Forge Road in Calverton at around 5:30 p.m. Friday. • Police arrested Miguel Luciano for stealing 13 bottles of Dove soap from CVS Pharmacy last Wednesday. Pharmacy staff at the Old Country Road store called police at around 1:30 p.m. to say a man wearing a black coat with baggy pants had just stolen several items — valued at nearly $110 — from the store and fled on foot toward the neighboring TJ Maxx, officials said. Officers reportedly located a man that matched that description walking in the parking lot, and he was later identified by an employee at the store. Mr. Luciano, 36, was charged with misdemeanor petit larceny. • Lovely Wood was arrested for stealing numerous articles of clothing from Walmart Friday. An employee at the Old Country Road store said an unknown woman removed 22 items of clothing, valued around $185, from the store around 5:30 p.m., officials said. Ms. Wood, 32, was later found in possession of the clothing and was arrested, officials said. During processing police allegedly learned she had an outstanding Suffolk County Police warrant. She was charged with petit larceny and taken to the Suffolk County 7th precinct. •An employee at Walmart reported that a male suspect left the store around 4:15 p.m. with a two-pack of pacifiers, valued at $4, without paying for it, officials said. Pilip Mieczyslaw, 80, who also had a trespass affidavit signed against him telling him to stay off Walmart property at that location, was charged with misdemeanor petit larceny and trespassing. • Sumayyah Reddick, 42, was arrested for misdemeanor petit larceny at 2:30 p.m. at Kmart on Old Country Road Saturday. • Jeremy Polite was arrested for driving with a suspended license in Riverhead Saturday. Mr. Polite was stopped at around 10:15 a.m. on East Main Street when police learned his license was suspended, officials said. He was charged with second-degree aggravated unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle, a misdemeanor, and a traffic violation. • Police arrested Yazmeene Henderson-Ortiz, 27, for second-degree aggravated unlicensed operation of a motor vehicle, a misdemeanor, and traffic violations on Wading River Manor Road around 12:10 p.m. Monday. Those who are named in police reports have not been convicted of any crime or violation. The charges against them may later be reduced or withdrawn, or they may be found innocent. Comments comments Riverhead blotter, Riverhead Police Blotter Find a Pro See More physicians Quality Hearing Aid Center Riverhead 209 W Main St lighting fixtures All Wright Electric North Fork, Shelter Island & South Fork 1290 Flanders Rd electricians Buchanan Electric View Page home improvement Atlantis Home Builders Southold 1065 Hummel Avenue Next Post > Editorial: An important reminder for parents of teenagers < Previous Post East End healthcare pros give mixed opinions on American Health Care Act Similiar Articles Softball: All-Riverhead affair has festive feel to it by Bob Liepa 05/06/17 10:43pm No Comments A lot was on the plate for this celebration of Riverhead softball. When Riverhead’s two high school softball teams faced… Read More Press Club of Long Island names News-Review staffer ‘Cub Reporter of the Year’ by Riverhead News-Review 05/06/17 5:59am No Comments News-Review staff writer Kelly Zegers has been named the James Murphy Cub Reporter of the Year award from the Press… Read More Editorial: An important reminder for parents of teenagers by Riverhead News-Review 05/06/17 5:56am No Comments In the debate about the Netflix television series “13 Reasons Why,” reasonable arguments are being made on all sides. It’s… Read More Load More Articles Back To Top Recent Posts Press Club of Long Island names News-Review staffer ‘Cub Reporter… 05/06/2017 5:59 AM Riverhead Blotter: Man stole cellphone, game controllers at Target 05/06/2017 5:40 AM Cops: Riverhead man burglarized deli, charged with felony 05/05/2017 3:55 PM Popeyes a step closer to coming to Route 58 in… 05/05/2017 9:00 AM Town may turn to part-time officers to help with code… 05/04/2017 4:00 PM Trial begins for Manorville man accused in cold case killings 05/03/2017 8:13 PM Cops: Employee fabricated armed robbery story, stole money himself 05/03/2017 3:56 PM Cops: Officer taken to hospital following car crash in Riverhead 05/03/2017 3:31 PM Town may require right-only turns exiting Riverhead Ciderhouse 05/03/2017 12:33 PM Witness unable to identify intruders in fatal Flanders home invasion 05/02/2017 8:54 PM Riverhead Town may reduce parking ticket fines to $40 05/02/2017 6:00 AM Cops: One man arrested after armed robbery in Riverhead 05/01/2017 9:16 PM In plea deal, brother testifies against defendant in Hampton murder… 05/01/2017 7:08 PM Cops: Reward offered for information on Tanger thieves 05/01/2017 6:55 AM Southampton Blotter: Traffic stop leads to felony arrest in Riverside 04/30/2017 6:01 AM Riverhead Town to consider parking ban on portion of Peconic… 04/29/2017 6:02 AM Riverhead Blotter: Unlicensed driver flees crash scene on Roanoke Avenue 04/29/2017 5:55 AM Cell phone records used to place defendants near the scene… 04/28/2017 5:43 PM Jamesport farmland may be added to county’s preservation program 04/28/2017 4:34 PM 911 call played in trial of suspect in Demitri Hampton… 04/27/2017 5:42 PM Riverhead Newsletter Sign Up Sign up for the Newsletter. northforker Press Club of Long Island names Wine Press ‘Best Magazine’ Learn What does it take to be truly ‘local’?: Uncork the Forks Drink Quiz: How organized is your closet? Sponsored Post North Fork horseback riding camps to check out this summer North Fork Recent Facebook Posts Editorial: An important reminder for parents of teenagers We can’t continue to treat mental illness as something that is taboo. 6 likes, 0 comments ⋅ 14 hours ago Press Club of Long Island names News-Review staffer ‘Cub Reporter of the Year’ | Riverhead News Review Congratulations to our newest reporter for this tremendous honor! 9 likes, 0 comments ⋅ 16 hours ago Riverhead legend Ed Danowski to be inducted into NYSPHSAA Hall of Fame In 2011, the News-Review selected Ed Danowski as the greatest player ever from our area. This was his story: http://bit.ly/2qCNyMc 14 likes, 4 comments ⋅ 18 hours ago East End healthcare pros give mixed opinions on American Health Care Act | Riverhead News Review ‘Republicans were saying people are going to die,’ one local doctor said. ‘Now the Republican plan has been submitted and Democrats are saying.. 6 likes, 1 comments ⋅ 1 day ago Cops: Riverhead man burglarized deli, charged with felony Mr. Degori was also arrested on the same charge in 2016 when police discovered him inside a Riverhead Starbucks after the burglar alarm had activated.. 7 likes, 15 comments ⋅ 1 day ago Find us on Facebook Riverhead News Review Suffolk Times Riverhead News-Review Shelter Island Reporter northforker Topics News Government Police Education Sports Opinion Community Obituaries northforker Events Eat & Drink Real Estate Stay & Play Shop More Classifieds About Us Write the Editor Advertise with Us Send Us a Tip Contact 2017 © Times/Review All Rights Reserved Terms of Use Privacy Policy
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Business CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Business Tax Season CBC SecureDrop Photo Galleries Canadian startup Reebee taking retail flyers into the digital age Kitchener-based startup has 3.5 million customers scanning for deals By Dianne Buckner, CBC News Posted: May 06, 2017 5:00 AM ET Last Updated: May 06, 2017 5:00 AM ET Kitchener-based company reebee offers a mobile app along with a website, to let consumers browse flyers digitally. (reebee) Flyer rebound 7:26 Flyer rebound 7:26 Dianne Buckner Dianne Buckner has reported on entrepreneurs for two decades. She hosts Dragons' Den on CBC Television and is part of the business news team at CBC News Network. Related Stories Want to save thousands of dollars a year? Here are 5 easy ways to cut costs at the grocery store Toronto family uses 'extreme couponing' to keep monthly grocery bill under $200 Peter Winkler of Fairway Group community papers retires after 36 year career Bargain-seeking Winnipeggers flood opening of outlet mall External Links Save.ca Golf Town reebee (Note: CBC does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.) As fifth graders, both Michal Martyniak and Tobiasz Dankiewicz were delivery boys, dropping flyers on doorsteps in their London, Ont., neighbourhoods. "We had these squeaky buggies going down the street door to door," says Dankiewicz, 28.   They didn't actually meet until high school, and it wasn't until after graduating from the University of Waterloo that they teamed up as entrepreneurs — but that shared early experience in the flyer business was fateful. In 2012, the duo started a company called Reebee, which delivers retail flyers digitally. They have 20 employees, an office in downtown Kitchener, Ont., and 3.5 million users signed up to their service. Top 5 ways to save money on groceries "Canadians have a passion for flyers," says Martyniak. "We saw it even back in our flyer delivery days. If we were a little bit late because of something at school, our regulars would ask 'why is this late?' And when it rained they got angry if the flyer was wet." Where is steak on sale? Reebee displays flyers from most of Canada's major retail chains: Real Canadian Superstore, Walmart, Home Hardware, Giant Tiger and Costco among others. Users can search for specific items, to see who has the best prices. Tobiasz Dankiewicz and Michal Martyniak founded digital flyer company reebee in 2012. (reebee) "So let's say you've run out of laundry detergent and you need some Tide," explains Dankiewicz. "Instead of rummaging through 30 or 40 flyers at the door, you can just go in and search for Tide on Reebee and we'll show you everybody that has it on sale in your market." The Canadian Media Directors Council estimates retailers spend $3.3 billion annually on flyers. And they work well: in a recent survey done by consumer research firm Brandspark International, 80 per cent of participants said they read a paper grocery flyer every week. Only half that many read digital flyers, but the online format is growing quickly in popularity. "We're spending money here to actually amplify our flyer in a social media environment, and to a digital media environment," says Frederick Lecoq, vice-president of marketing and e-commerce at specialty retail chain Golf Town. Lecoq believes it's essential to send special offers through every distribution channel available. The channel of choice "I don't think you can say today that people are only digital or only print," Lecoq explains, standing on a putting green at the chain's Markham, Ont., location. "I think they're digital at one time, print at another time, and you just need to find what I call the channel of choice — depending on the situation they're in." Golf Town's vice-president of marketing Frederick Lecoq believes consumers can't be categorized as wanting flyers only in print or only electronically. (CBC) Even Metroland, an Ontario-based newspaper company that prints and distributes 73 million paper flyers a week, has a digital site, Save.ca. Toronto family uses 'extreme couponing' "We've had 40-per-cent growth in our digital flyer on Save.ca," boasts vice-president of sales Lisa Orpen, noting that the company started to explore digital delivery over a decade ago. "Certainly when mobile really started to take speed, we knew we needed to get on this." Delivery of paper flyers can be challenging, particularly with the proliferation of condos in urban centres, according to Orpen. Carriers aren't allowed through security, and property managers refuse to let them drop off stacks of flyers for residents to collect. As well, bargain-hunting students miss out on flyers, as student housing is off limits to carriers. On the other hand, digital delivery faces no such barriers. Metroland's vice president of sales Lisa Orpen at the company's production facility in Toronto's east-end Scarborough district. (CBC) Most retailers feature their weekly flyer prominently on their own company website, but they are also eager to be included on sites such as Save.ca and Reebee. Millions of dollars in revenue "It's been remarkable," says Dankiewicz. "Half a million flyers are read every single day on the platform, and retailers are loving the opportunity to get in front of that audience. We reach the consumers that explicitly identify, that say 'I love browsing flyers, here I am.'" The young founders of Reebee report that they are profitable, collecting "millions of dollars a year" in revenue.  But they also say they are "constantly aggressively reinvesting" in the company, to improve its technology, expand its team, and gain more users.   Holiday flyers can be misleading about deals Just about every industry player CBC News spoke to on this subject commented on the "ritual" Canadians enjoy, when they receive their weekly flyers. They say consumers often sit down with a cup of coffee or a glass of wine, to sort through the week's assortment of flyers, and choose deals that appeal. Frederick Lecoq of Golf Town believes that discovering a deal and saving money is something that makes people "proud." The 'emotion' of the flyer "There's an emotional connection to the flyer," he says. And he says whether it's in their hands in print — or on their computer or smart-phone — it's equally powerful. Tobiasz Dankiewicz agrees. "Flyers tell an amazing story. Even back in the day picking up the Sears catalogue — that was an experience. Look at the Wow Guide from Canadian Tire or just the weekly flyers. They all tell a story and help you discover more savings."   Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Latest Business Headlines At annual meeting, Warren Buffett blasts Wells Fargo for ignoring sales abuses May 06, 2:53 PM ET Canadian startup Reebee taking retail flyers into the digital age May 06, 5:00 AM ET read comments video Home Capital says former RBC exec will replace founder on board May 06, 12:05 PM ET Costco pulls Pekkle baby PJs from stores after complaint that child was scratched May 05, 4:00 PM ET read comments Avocado inflation: Why the price of Canadians' favourite Mexican produce is soaring May 05, 9:38 AM ET read comments Must Watch Video Uber criminal probe 5:27 Monica Goyal, adjunct professor, Osgoode Hall Law School, on a U.S. probe of Uber's use of Greyball software Video Media challenges 7:34 John Boynton, Torstar's new CEO, and publisher of the Star, on finding find a way to profit as the entire industry struggles Video Truthful mortgage applications 7:12 John Russo, chief privacy officer, Equifax Canada on a better way for lenders to verify income Video Flood worries 4:16 Rubina Ahmed-Haq, founder of AlwaysSaveMoney.com, on what homeowners should know about the insurance they buy Watch The Exchange here Watch Recent shows and interviews Recent discussions about business news and newsmakers Markets TSX COMPOSITE   Rotate stock indices Pause stock rotation Show previous stock PLAY May 07, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 07, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 07, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 07, 2017 12:00 AM ET May 07, 2017 12:00 AM ET Index Last Trade Change TSX COMPOSITE 15582.04 185.34 DOW 21006.94 55.47 NASDAQ 6100.76 25.42 SP 500 2399.29 9.77 TSX-VENTURE 781.72 7.65 The data on this site is informational only and may be delayed; it is not intended as trading or investment advice and you should not rely on it as such. Most Viewed Bombay Sapphire gin recalled across Canada for containing too much alcohol read comments Canadian startup Reebee taking retail flyers into the digital age read comments video At annual meeting, Warren Buffett blasts Wells Fargo for ignoring sales abuses Costco pulls Pekkle baby PJs from stores after complaint that child was scratched read comments Skippy peanut butter no longer for sale in Canada; fans stockpiling last jars read comments Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Don't Miss Canadians adore Mexican avocados, but prices are taking off Analysis Tumbling loonie one more reason to stay home and celebrate Canada 150: Don Pittis 'Free TV' Android boxes finding their way into many Canadian households, study says Skippy peanut butter no longer for sale in Canada; fans stockpiling last jars Analysis Watch for warning signs the economy is on a sugar high: Don Pittis Analysis Everything you need to know about Home Capital's woes and the impact on the housing market 'Not for the faint of heart': Why getting a marijuana producer licence is a long shot Taxpayers beware: CRA email rebate scam on the rise this tax season Analysis 'America Last': A dangerous reaction to Trump's trade bullying: Don Pittis Medical marijuana middlemen: How specialty clinics cash in on legal prescriptions CBC Investigates Number of highest-earning Canadians paying no income tax is growing Analysis Politicians meddle with real estate — but would Canadians tolerate intervention in other markets? Analysis Basic income finds support on right as 'most transparent' form of redistribution Analysis Beware unintended consequences as governments meddle in real estate: Don Pittis 'I'm shaking my head': Hot Toronto housing market driving prices up in small town Ontario Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- May 5 - May 8 Posted:   05/04/2017 09:30:02 PM MDT Today, May 5 Qi Gong — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. SRM Community Blood Drive — 10 a.m. to 2 p.m., Sterling Regional MedCenter south parking lot. Appointments: 521-3284. First Friday @ First Presbyterian — 12:05 to 12:35 p.m., First Presbyterian Church, 130 S. 4th St. Sterling High School Jazz Band. Musical presentation, free and open to the public. Cards and Pool — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Chalk Walk — 3:30 to 5 p.m. young artists decorate downtown windows with spring themes. VFW Bingo — 7 p.m., public invited. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Saturday, May 6 Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Family Fun Saturday — 9 a.m. to 5 p.m., Overland Trail Museum. Help plant the pumpkins that will be used during the museum's "Afternoon at the Museum" and "Another Night at the Museum." Free for children ages 12 and under accompanied by adult; adult admission $3. Information: 970-522-3895. Advertisement Bike Rodeo — 9 a.m. to noon, Prairie Park. Light of the Plains Christian Motorcycle Association — 9 a.m., Logan County Chamber of Commerce, 109 N. Front St. Chalk Walk — 11:30 a.m. adult artists chalk walks, 1 to 3 p.m. public invited to make chalk creations, downtown Sterling. Other afternoon attractions include balloon artist, face painting, Clarence's Corner, Grebel Truck, Burritos and Bowls, glass blowing, water booth, Hawaiian Ice, water provided by Sterling Fire Department. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. Logan County Jefferson Jackson Day Dinner — 5:30 p.m. social hour, 6 p.m., inner, Knights of Columbus, 421 S. 11th Ave. Cost $25 per person. Auction to follow program. Reservations needed by Thursday, April 27; call Peter Youngers 522-2040. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m. FM Country. Cost is $7. Everyone is welcome. NJC Spring Ensemble Concert — 7 p.m., Dorothy Corsberg Theatre inside E.S. French Hall. Tickets $5 for community members, NJC students and staff free. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Sunday, May 7 Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Master Chorale Spring Concert XXVI — 4 p.m., NJC Dorothy Corsberg Theatre inside E.S. French Hall. Admission $10 for adults, students 12 and under free when accompanied by adult. Tickets available at KC's Music & Electronics, Mega Music and Family Food Market. Information: 522-1015. Monday, May 8 SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Cards and Pool — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Legal Self-Help Clinic — 2 to 5 p.m., Sterling Public Library, 420 N. 5th St. Via computer link, for parties without an attorney. Walk-ins welcome, volunteer attorneys will assist one-on-one. Everyone will be helped on first-come, first-served basis. Circle of Parents in Recovery Group — 5 to 6 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Free childcare is provided. No enrollment requirement, join at any time. Information: cleanslatemngr@frcsterling.org, 970-520-2939 or www.facebook.com/logancleanslate. RE-1 Valley Retirement Reception — 6:30 to 8:30 p.m., Tennant Art Gallery, inside Hays Student Center at Northeastern Junior College. Caliche FBLA Banquet — 6:30 p.m., at the school. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. TOPS: Take Off Pounds Sensibly — 7 p.m., VFW Hall, 803 Phelps St. Call 522-8396. Ladies Auxiliary Patriarchs Militant Victory No. 7 — 7 p.m., I.O.O.F. Hall. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7:30 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Early Childhood Council Logan, Phillips, Sedgwick celebrates early educators The Early Childhood Coucil Logan, Phillips, Sedgwick (ECCLPS) is excited to announce National Provider Appreciation Day!   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Goal setting for a healthy lifestyle Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- May 6 - May 9   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Menu Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Fearless commentary on finance, economics, politics and power Follow yvessmith on Twitter Feedburner RSS Feed RSS Feed for Comments Subscribe via Email SUBSCRIBE Menu Skip to content Home About Archives Bloggers Policies Documents Limited Partnership Agreements Contact Recent Items Links 5/6/17 - 05/06/2017 - Yves Smith Book Review: Game of Mates - 05/06/2017 - Yves Smith Growing Inequality Under Global Capitalism - 05/06/2017 - Yves Smith NY Times Lets a Charter School Propagandist Distort the Facts on Its Op-Ed Page - 05/06/2017 - Yves Smith 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/5/2017 - 05/05/2017 - Lambert Strether Is the Great China Crash Upon Us? - 05/05/2017 - Yves Smith Links 5/5/17 - 05/05/2017 - Lambert Strether Private Equity Clutching Pearls Over Sweden Ending Carried Interest Loophole - 05/05/2017 - Yves Smith Why Are The Oil Markets Crashing? - 05/05/2017 - Yves Smith NY Times Lets a Charter School Propagandist Distort the Facts on Its Op-Ed Page Posted on May 6, 2017 by Yves Smith By Jeff Bryant, the director of the Education Opportunity Network, a partnership effort of the Institute for America’s Future and the Opportunity to Learn Campaign. He has written extensively about public education policy. Originally published at Our Future President Donald Trump’s adamant promotion of “school choice” and his selection of Betsy DeVos for education secretary have put advocates for charter schools in the Democratic party in a bind, and now they’re scrambling to keep the luster of the well-polished charter school brand unblemished. Their latest tactic is to carefully distinguish charters from the system of school vouchers Trump and DeVos favor, but they serve this cause poorly by making erroneous claims about how the charter industry works in most communities and what these schools do to harm public education. The latest misfire comes from David Leonhardt’s op-ed in Monday’s New York Times in which he takes on DeVos and her preference for vouchers while denigrating charter skeptics as people who need to get “an open mind.” It’s a precarious tightrope Leonhardt attempts to walk, and he stumbles quite badly. First, A Little Background First, it’s important to understand the source of the school choice schism in the Democratic party goes back 25 years, Jeffrey Henig explains in Education Week, when proponents of school choice came up with two different ways to achieve their goals: school vouchers and charter schools. While conservatives favored vouchers, which were a creation of free-market economist Milton Friedman, political centrists and some left-leaning people became infatuated with charters because they were birthed by “business-oriented moderates and technocrats” who became the predominant force in the Democratic party during Bill Clinton’s presidential administration. Around the turn of the century, these two strains of school choice advocacy united after pro-voucher forces, largely funded by the Walton Family Foundation (of Walmart fame), encountered a series of stinging defeats at the ballot box and a rising tide of anti-voucher sentiment among the general public. Voucher advocates welcomed their union with charter school fans because it gave their cause a bipartisan aura and some support from the civil rights community. “Charter proponents … welcomed the political and philanthropic support of the pro-voucher forces,” Henig writes, because they needed rightwing leverage and money to undermine opposition coming from teachers’ unions and public school advocates. For conservatives, the bipartisan unification for school choice established the slippery slope to potentially privatize public education. Moderate and lefty supporters of charter schools, on the other hand, got a Faustian bargain that gave them “education reformer” cred and the favor of Wall Street investors in exchange for colluding with the right wing. With Trump and DeVos, the bargain Democrats made on charter schools has come due. What Leonhardt Gets Wrong So what’s a charter-loving Democrat to do? Based on what Leonhardt writes for the Times, many are choosing to re-up their support with false claims and deceptive rhetoric. Leonhardt begins his column by calling attention to a new study showing the voucher program in the District of Columbia has had a negative impact on student achievement – a worthwhile news item to note for sure. But it becomes quickly apparent Leonhardt brings the subject up not to lambast DeVos but to miscast charter school skeptics as actors in a “caricature” debate over the fate of public education. That’s a convenient strawman that leads him to state there are those who “conflate vouchers … with charter schools,” but he cites no credible sources to substantiate his belief that critics of DeVos and school choice are incapable of distinguishing between charters and vouchers. Most concerning about Leonhardt’s column, though, is the many misleading statements he makes about how charter schools operate and what their impact is. He cites a few credible studies showing positive impacts of charter schools on student achievement, but he doesn’t appear to have read credible reports that have found otherwise. For instance, the most rigorous and most expensive study of charter school performance commissioned by the US Department of Education found no overall positive effect for charter schools. A recent study of charter schools in Texas found charters overall have no positive impact on test scores and have a negative impact on earnings later in life. So it’s totally misleading for Leonhardt to argue charters have “flourished” (whatever that means) when their track record is decidedly mixed at best. Leonhardt then piles on one misleading statement after another. His assertion that “charter-school systems are subject to rigorous evaluation and oversight” is counter factual to reports from the charter industry itself that show only about 3 percent of charter schools are closed for under-performing, and even those that are closed have operated an average of 6.2 years. In Ohio, only one of 10 charter school students attend a school rated high performing. In Michigan, charter schools score worse on national assessments, known as “The Nation’s Report Card,” than their traditional public-school counterparts, yet their numbers continue to expand every year. In Louisiana, charter-school students perform worse than public schools on eighth-grade reading and math tests by enormous margins – 2 to 3 standard deviations. And if you want to find out how charter schools spend the money they get from taxpayers, your job isn’t easy. Neither the federal government nor the states have created a place taxpayers can go to see how much in taxes these schools get and what they do with the cash, including what happens to real estate the schools purchase with the public’s money. Leonhardt’s next howler is his assertion, “Local officials decide which charters can open and expand.” Actually, most often state boards or independent charter granting entities make the decisions to open and close charters, not local officials. If you’re a local official in most states – including Arizona, Florida, California, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and North Carolina, – you have no idea if a charter school will pop up in your district and no control over what kind of students the charter will appeal to and how the charter will impact your budget. In most states – including Florida, Tennessee, California, Illinois, Colorado, and Alabama – local officials who deny a charter application or seek to close a charter are frequently overruled by appointed boards set up by state officials whose political campaigns have been well supported by the charter school industry or its wealthy promoters. The lack of local control endemic in charter school governance is by design. In its rankings of state legal statues governing charter schools, the charter industry lists “the existence of independent and/or multiple authorizers,” not local control, as a chief determiner of whether a state gets a top grade or not. Leonhardt is wrong on this point as well: “Many charters are open to all comers.” Numerous studies have found charters tend to serve lower percentages of students who have disabilities or whose first language isn’t English. I’m sure Leonhardt can find an inclusive charter here or there, but the fact remains there are no regulatory or statutory requirements that prevent a charter school operator from saying to a family, “Your child isn’t a good fit for our school,” and any attempt to put those requirements onto charters would be fought tooth-and-nail by the charter industry and its powerful lobby. Who Really Needs “An Open Mind” Lastly, Leonhardt offers a “political compromise” of “fewer vouchers, more charters,” and he accuses anyone unwilling to take that deal of not having “an open mind.” But expanding charters comes at a considerable cost to taxpayers as many of these schools continue to fleece the public coffers while traditional public schools lose vital resources. According to the latest accounting of charter school fraud, waste, and mismanagement, conducted by the Center for Popular Democracy, public funding of charter schools has grown to $40 billion annually while oversight of these schools has languished. CPD has identified over $223 million in public fund misuse by charters but argues this is merely “the tip of the iceberg.” The total estimated loss may top $2.1 billion, CPD calculates. As charters expand, the cost to public school systems is considerable, and many districts increasingly face financial insolvency as they lose students to these schools. Maybe that’s a subject Leonhardt can open his mind to. 005902 This entry was posted in Banana republic, Dubious statistics, Free markets and their discontents, Guest Post, Media watch, Politics, Privatization, Ridiculously obvious scams, Social policy on May 6, 2017 by Yves Smith. Post navigation ← 2:00PM Water Cooler 5/5/2017 Growing Inequality Under Global Capitalism → Subscribe to Post Comments 31 comments jackiebaass May 6, 2017 at 6:13 am The NY Times isn’t alone on using Charter School propagandist. Almost all corporate media does the same. Rarely do you see anything from educational experts that have valid research to debunk the lies. I’ve watched discussions on C-Span several times concerning charters and educational reform. Just recently C-Span had a session about charter schools and the guest was the lawyer that represented a charter school friendly organization. He outright lied and wasn’t challenged about the lies by the moderator. It got so deep that I thought about putting on hip boots to keep out of the crap. The whole so called reform movement has nothing to do with improving education for all. It’s all about privatizing education in the US and world. Neoliberalism at work. What is at stake is the pot gold at the end of the privatization rainbow. Reply ↓ Code Name D May 6, 2017 at 8:19 pm Indeed. Debunking research is notoriously hard to find – assuming it ever exists at all. Reply ↓ kimsarah May 7, 2017 at 1:27 am Bingo. Reply ↓ kimsarah May 7, 2017 at 1:28 am More legalized theft. Reply ↓ Doug May 6, 2017 at 6:41 am It’s worth revisiting James Bennet’s recent justification/defense of hiring climate change denier Bret Stephens as a regular NYT Op-ed contributor: ““The crux of the question is whether (Stephens’) work belongs inside our boundaries for intelligent debate, and I have no doubt that it does,” Bennet told me. “I have no doubt he crosses our bar for intellectual honesty and fairness.” With David Leonhardt’s tarted up promotion of charters, we get to add yet one more example to Stephens’ work to better understand what Bennet characterizes as the NYT’s “bar for intellectual honesty and fairness”. Evidently, to Bennett, The Times, Leonhardt and Stephens, “intellectual honesty” does not include accurate, coherent or complete sharing of facts. The Times should rephrase its standard for purposes of clearly communicating what readers can expect. Instead of ‘intellectual honesty’, the more accurate description of the Times’ policy is ’emotional honesty’. As Rodney King may or may not have said, “Come on people. Can’t we all just get along?” For the Times and Bennet, the lesson of Trump’s election is clear: We all need to get along with other folks by being emotionally honest with one another. Facts be damned. Reply ↓ UserFriendly May 6, 2017 at 8:33 am I can’t say this is a subject I know all that much about, but the general impression I get of charter schools here in Minnesota is that they are reasonably well liked and managed. I think that in minneapolis at least parents have the option of sending their kids to any school in the district so they have used some charters / magnets (not sure if there is a difference there or not) to try and desegregate the schools. I don’t pay much attention to schools though so I could be totally wrong. I ask my friend, who is a parent, who to vote for with school board races and what not. Does anyone know off hand if their are some charter’s that are not as evil as others? Or is the whole thing just evil and I just haven’t been paying attention to the details? Reply ↓ nycTerrierist May 6, 2017 at 9:33 am I’d suggest googling ‘venture philanthropy and charter schools’. You’ll find ample background on charter schools and whose agenda they serve (hint: foundations like Walmart, Broad, Gates et al.) short summary: they replace education with testing and funnel public funds into private foundation coffers via sweetheart real estate deals. NC has covered this – perhaps a commenter can supply links to NC coverage? Reply ↓ UserFriendly May 6, 2017 at 9:46 am I know the broader charter project is evil, but I have also heard that it started off as a well intentioned idea that got hijacked, and I know that MN had the first charter schools. It’s not like it’s a pressing issue, I’m sure I could find out about it if I dug, I just thought I’d see if anyone had any off hand knowledge. Reply ↓ nycTerrierist May 6, 2017 at 10:43 am https://www.dissentmagazine.org/article/got-dough-how-billionaires-rule-our-schools Reply ↓ ejf May 6, 2017 at 11:12 am I know that in the ’90’s – can’t recall when – one or two charter schools in Mpls or St Paul got in BIG trouble with money and were forced to close. After that, I believe Minnesota had a pretty strong hand in regulating them. I haven’t heard much about Mpls or St Paul charters since. But then again I haven’t been in MN for some 10 years now. Reply ↓ Yves Smith Post authorMay 6, 2017 at 9:42 pm This was never a “well intentioned idea”. Privatization of public services = looting. Reply ↓ flora May 6, 2017 at 11:21 am Not forgetting Neil Bush and Mike Bloomberg. Unsurprising the NYT promotes anything that makes Wall St. money. ‘There’s gold in them thar students.’ Thanks for this post. Reply ↓ flora May 6, 2017 at 11:51 am adding: “…pro-voucher forces, largely funded by the Walton Family Foundation (of Walmart fame), encountered a series of stinging defeats at the ballot box and a rising tide of anti-voucher sentiment among the general public….. “For conservatives, the bipartisan unification for school choice established the slippery slope to potentially privatize public education. Moderate and lefty supporters of charter schools, on the other hand, got a Faustian bargain that gave them “education reformer” cred and the favor of Wall Street investors in exchange for colluding with the right wing.” See: Aesop’s fable The Farmer and the Snake. http://www.aesopfables.com/cgi/aesop1.cgi?2&TheFarmerandtheSnake&farmersnake.jpg&farmsnak2.ram Any wonder that Rahm called the left a bunch of idiots? Reply ↓ Paul Hirschman May 6, 2017 at 9:17 am Public education means all children are welcome to local schools. ALL. Public schools are “free and open to all.” They are run by residents elected by neighbors. It means schools are obligated to meet the needs of every student. Neither vouchers nor charters meet these basic criteria of being “free and open to all.” (And governed democratically.) What’s so damn hard for everyone to understand here? Vouchers and charters are attempts to avoid or deny “free education to all children.” Not some. All. Vouchers and charters are not required to withstand public scrutiny regarding how they operate. They are not required to keep every child in school NO MATTER WHAT, or to pay for homeschooling. Vouchers and charters select the students they want to educate, and they create methods of excluding kids they are not allowed to discriminate against out in the open. That’s not public education. Vouchers and charters are not required to teach the “hard cases.” Public schools are required to educate every child regardless of how difficult it may be to do so. Reply ↓ jackiebass May 6, 2017 at 9:23 am Magnets are a school within a school serving a special purpose and are operated by the school district. They could be called a lab school where new ideas can be tried and perhaps implemented if successful. Charters are funded by a school district but not operated by the school district. They can be operated by a for profit corporation or a so called non profit. States generally regulate charters so they are very different depending on the state. Some states carefully regulate and most states impose few or no regulations. In many states they are not accountable to anyone and become big money pits for the operators. Virtual charters or online charters are probably the worst and drain a lot of money from a school district while having a very poor track record. Research shows that very few charters do better than public schools and they are the ones that cherry pick who attends often getting rid of students that don’t fit in. A few do a as well as public schools and many charters do worse than public schools. I believe the money could be better spent on improving the public school system. A free public education for all is one of the basic things that made our country great. When our country was being settled a town usually had two things, a church and a school. Destroying our public school system would be destroying one thing that made our country great. Reply ↓ UserFriendly May 6, 2017 at 10:03 am Thank you. Reply ↓ Enquiring Mind May 6, 2017 at 10:36 am When I hear about business-oriented moderates and technocrats my mind immediately recalls all those stories about Robert McNamara best and brightest and their handiwork. Hearing that in a prior era, a few might have reached for their guns, and now a lot more reach to hold onto what is left in their wallets. Reply ↓ whiteylockmandoubled May 6, 2017 at 10:50 am silly, silly lefties. THESE people are bad parents. THEY have failed to instill proper values in their children. Since THEY took over our cities beginning in the late sixties, look at what’s happened — they’ve become sinks of corruption. And the worst sinks are the Boards of Education, where THEY take their soft PhDs and meaningless education degrees, and pretend to an intellectual and moral rigor that THEY neither have nor are capable of achieving. Not THEIR fault really, because look where THEY came from, but it would be silly to imagine that THEY could actually educate their children out of poverty for another several generations. THEY clearly need the discipline and rigor that really smart normal Americans bring to it, we who understand the order that competition and market values bring to the process of the intellectual and moral development of children. THEIR children, by the way, need a far different kind of nurturing than ours do. THEIR environment is so utterly chaotic that uniforms, military style discipline, public shaming for not understanding something, very carefully calibrated withdrawal of carefully enumerated privileges for the slightest breach of the rules, an emphasis on keeping quiet because lord knows THEY run amok at home, and just, in general, very high expectations or you’re expelled, is the only way to remedy THEIR parents’ failure. Charters and vouchers both are vehicles to remove THEIR power over failing school systems and allow those who really understand these matters to give THEIR children a chance at a successful life. And make a lot of money. /s Reply ↓ Robert Dannin May 6, 2017 at 11:25 am amen! mr. bryant is splitting hairs. it’s always been about privatization. long before the waltons got involved charters were conceived as a more expedient political route on the path to vouchers. anyone who failed to grasp that reality needs to accept their tacit complicity with the white supremacists who organized resistance to the Brown v Board of Education ruling. known variously as the CCA (Conservative Citizens of America) and CCC (Conservative Citizens Councils), their strategy evolved as a scheme to demand public money to fund private and parochial alternatives to racially integrated education. Reply ↓ CT May 6, 2017 at 11:17 am Hmmmm….no mention of the BASIS charter schools who consistently rank in the top of all schools nation and world wide. Reply ↓ Outis Philalithopoulos May 6, 2017 at 12:33 pm The focus of the post isn’t on single schools or single families of schools – this is true throughout the cited statistics. In any case, despite US News and World Report rankings, BASIS schools are fairly controversial; criticism often mentions low retention rates, intense focus on AP exams, and surprisingly high salaries for the founders. Reply ↓ Kurtismayfield May 6, 2017 at 1:30 pm Even in the public schools there is a push for everyone to take AP. The AP has really been ratcheting up the propaganda in the past few years. Reply ↓ Jeff Bryant May 6, 2017 at 2:27 pm Yep. More on how BASIS gets its “high performing” rating: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/answer-sheet/wp/2017/03/30/what-the-public-doesnt-know-about-high-performing-charter-schools-in-arizona/?utm_term=.c896d7188031 Money graph: “A close look at BASIS provides insight into how charter schools can cherry-pick students, despite open enrollment laws. It also shows how through the use of management companies profits can be made — all hidden from public view.” Reply ↓ Octopii May 6, 2017 at 11:40 am Not sure why this is a surprise — the NYT and WaPo routinely have op-ed writers distorting facts and issues for the benefit of business interests against citizens. Reply ↓ glib May 6, 2017 at 7:00 pm who reads them anymore anyway. Reply ↓ kimsarah May 7, 2017 at 1:29 am Frankly, like the Democratic Party, they are irrelevant. Reply ↓ Scott May 6, 2017 at 5:57 pm The schools are hell for the students because ignorant people want more ignorance to prevail. The Trump era will be more of private prisons and more of public money given to those interested in making money off the school system which will send more students into the prisons. Reply ↓ FiddlerHill May 6, 2017 at 7:26 pm I’ve posted before on my own positive experience in Los Angeles removing my daughter from our middle-class suburban independent school district and placing her in an LA Unified charter school. I was very involved in monitoring her charter school’s performance and operation for seven years. And while I found the founder-directors of the school autocratic and impervious to criticism or advice, the school did provide my child with significant benefits: much smaller class sizes, a more varied and challenging curriculum, and a more cohesive sense of community. She is now thriving academically, intellectually and socially in her first year at a major international university, and many of her classmates were accepted at similarly first rank schools (Brown, USC, Johns Hopkins, NYU, etc.) I find it counter-productive that so much criticism of charters dwells on the abuses of for-profit charters, when in fact they account for a small proportion of charters. “Charter schools choose their own management structure: 67 percent of all charter schools are independently run non-profit, single site schools; 20 percent are run by non-profit organizations that run more than one charter school; and just under 13 percent are run by for-profit companies.” http://www.publiccharters.org/get-the-facts/public-charter-schools/faqs/ This article by Jeff Bryant claims that local school boards in many states (including California) which deny an application for a charter school are “frequently” overruled by county or state authorities. I clicked on the link Bryant offered in support of that — and found no concrete evidence that that is true in California. I know the founders of my daughter’s charter school were turned down my our local school district 12 years ago and our local board has yet to approve a single charter school in a community of 200,000. Bryant’s link did lead me to a WaPo piece in which a columnist wrote: “Charter operators say that they want to provide school choice, but, apparently, they aren’t interested in letting local school boards in California decide what choices to offer in their own district.” First, the author confuses the wishes of the school board with the wishes of the residents. They’re often two different things, for two major reasons. The school board is being asked to voluntarily give up X thousands of dollars for every child they allow to leave the school system and attend a charter. And the local teachers’ union, with whom the local board must contend, has a vested interest in making sure the district retains as many students as possible so as to retain as many teaching positions as possible. There’s a money issue as important as the corrupt profits of for-profit charters. The long-term advantages or disadvantages of charters strikes me as an incredibly complex and difficult question to assess. And the sort of knee-jerk demonizing of them which I see in too much of the progressive press doesn’t help to trying to sort that out. Reply ↓ Marina Bart May 6, 2017 at 7:57 pm You keep conflating your family’s positive experience with the system as a whole. In fact, the way these pernicious systems expand and steal from and corrupt the commons and the common good is by first offering something that the bourgeoisie can benefit from by using their social capital to their advantage. Your child getting a great experience from a charter is no more relevant to the overall systemic problem of charters than a customer using Uber in Manhattan in its early years and raving about how great the experience was for the price paid. The whole POINT of how Uber launched was to use massive VC funding to lure drivers with better wages temporarily while keeping customer prices low temporarily. Now, those skilled, professional drivers are starting to figure out they’ve been lied to, so they’re leaving, as the wages drop and the customer pricing is rising. So the customer experience is eroding. (And there’s also the rape, murder and data theft problems.) Uber does not have a sustainable business model. It was depending on being able to outrace existing regulatory systems to create a kind of monopoly. It doesn’t look like it will succeed, but if it did, the end result would not be a better ride-hailing experience for customers, and it would be extremely bad for drivers. But for Maureen Dowd, who raved about the joys of summoning what felt like a private servant for less than the price of a traditional taxi a couple years back, it was glorious. Like her with Uber, this rapacious and destructive charter system has been glorious for your family. Every child deserves a good and safe education, so I’m happy your child received one. But it would be helpful if privileged people like yourself could recognize that your anecdote does not in any way refute the critique of charters. In fact, it is is precisely how this process works. As with gentrification and many other economic phenomena, if you can game the process so that the middle and upper class temporarily benefits, you can entrench its predatory practices and break the social contract completely. You actually made the case here that charters are good because they have small class sizes, but teachers unions are bad because they want to protect jobs for teachers. How do you think you get small classes without more teachers? Perhaps teachers are not your enemy, and the world you inhabit might actually benefit with more people employed as teachers with the greater protections and benefits a union offers. Just a thought. Reply ↓ screen screamer May 6, 2017 at 9:50 pm I’ve posted on this subject matter before. In our district, locally, the school board went on a building binge about ten years ago despite enrollment numbers that did not support the entire process. Indeed, the state and federal government disliked the idea so much that for one project, a high school, that the local board received no funding whatsoever from these entities. Instead the local tax payer footed the bill for an amount approaching $100,000,000. Not small change for our county. Ten years later, the board decided to close one of these brand new schools which now stands empty in honor of the stupidity of our local BOE. Teachers have been let go, communities changed and indeed in the events leading up to the closings of several schools, communities were heckling each other in meetings and shouting obscenities once outside the building. All done by the local BOE who wield political clout and have wasted an enormous amount of money. Given this background, is it any wonder people are weary of the locals whose job it was to protect the investment in public schooling in such a careless manner. When these types of actions are taken against the proletariat, what would be the natural outcome? Reply ↓ flora May 6, 2017 at 10:32 pm Ten years ago housing prices were rising and the tax base for local schools expanding. Then something happened: the housing crash and financial crisis. Austerity. Reduced tax revenues. It hit a lot of districts hard. Your description without the larger context fails to prove anything more than so much was spent then and now some of that expense looks to have been over expansion, in light of the financial crash that hit in 2008-9. I still remember Bernanke giving testimony in 2007 before Congress saying there was no housing bubble and low down payment without requiring mortgage insurance didn’t indicate a problem. If the Fed Chair is assuring Congress and the country that all is well it’s not surprising local BOEs would think expansion is a sound plan. Lots of communities got fooled by the the Fed’s pronouncements and expanded right before the Great Financial Crash hit. Reply ↓ Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Tip Jar Please Donate or Subscribe! Search Search for: Recent Comments clinical wasteman on Links 5/6/17now that you happen to mention stealing Gibson... bob on Links 5/6/17A more up to date version of some... different clue on Our Current Food System Is Broken and Unjust—We Need a Paradigm Shift That Values Nutrition as a Human RightHere is that boingboing video article Guy Makes... different clue on Growing Inequality Under Global CapitalismCapitalism didn't fix itself, any more than a... different clue on Links 5/6/17Since they flatter themselves as being an aristocracy... Topics Africa (20) Australia (129) Auto industry (95) Banana republic (3,047) Banking industry (4,657) Brexit (53) Carbon credits (29) CEO compensation (249) China (571) Commodities (459) Corporate governance (319) Credit cards (159) Credit markets (3,631) Curiousities (273) Currencies (908) Derivatives (689) Documents (5) Doomsday scenarios (1,484) Dubious statistics (584) ECONNED (87) Economic fundamentals (2,786) Energy markets (509) Environment (459) Europe (627) Federal Reserve (1,269) Free markets and their discontents (1,434) Garrulous insolence (67) Global warming (330) Globalization (1,108) Guest Post (6,583) Health care (395) Hedge funds (418) Income disparity (981) India (18) Infrastructure (80) Investment banks (745) Investment management (503) Investment outlook (854) Japan (204) Legal (1,907) Links (3,074) Macroeconomic policy (979) Market inefficiencies (231) Media appearances (74) Media watch (874) Middle East (148) Moral hazard (340) New McCarthyism (6) New Zealand (77) Notices (292) OCC (12) Payment system (48) Permaculture (33) Politics (5,070) Private equity (517) Privatization (70) Real estate (1,528) Regulations and regulators (3,605) Ridiculously obvious scams (458) Risk and risk management (720) Russia (240) Science and the scientific method (196) Social policy (1,028) Social values (1,798) Species loss (53) Student loans (53) Summer rerun (48) Surveillance state (122) Taxes (387) Technology and innovation (463) The destruction of the middle class (1,369) The dismal science (1,466) TPP (84) UK (120) Water Cooler (668) Blogroll Angry Bear Automatic Earth Bill Mitchell – billy blog Credit Slips Econbrowser Economic Populist Ed Harrison Eyes on Trade Health Care Renewal Lambert Strether Macro Business Marginal Revolution mathbabe Matt Stoller Michael Hudson New Economic Perspectives OilPrice Pando Daily Paul Krugman TripleCrisis Warren Mosler Wolf Richter (WolfStreet) Yanis Varoufakis Copyright © 2006 - 2017 Aurora Advisors Incorporated All Rights Reserved
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council Lenexa, KS, May 06, 2017 –(PR.com)– This past Sunday, Steven Garrish was recognized for earning the designation of CTP at the 2017 CTP Awards Ceremony held at the National Private Truck Council’s Annual Meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio. Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers, one of the nation’s leaders in Fatigue Management Programs (FMPs) for the transportation industry and other high-risk related jobs, was officially designated a Certified Transportation Professional. The CTP designation certifies the knowledge and ability to understand complex operational, financial and regulatory issues, identify and implement organizational savings and develop systems and practices that meet and exceed a company’s transportation objectives and needs. He joins 1,600 other transportation executives who have received this distinguished certification, seen by the trucking industry as a benchmark of excellence. The many years Mr. Garrish has spent in the industry at leading companies such as JB Hunt and Walmart were just the beginning of the qualifications needed to become a candidate for this rigorous certification course. Individuals seeking the designation need at least five years of fleet/transportation supervisory, management or supplier experience plus a combination of formal education, continuing education in transportation management or on-the-job experience. The curriculum focuses on five core fleet management disciplines: finance; safety; human resource; equipment and maintenance and operations with a rigorous two section exam. “The study and work required for this certification was one of the most challenging courses I’ve ever taken. The knowledge one can gain from the CTP process helps to bring deeper insights as well as opportunities to network with other industry professionals from all over the country,” said Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers. For more information about SleepSafe Drivers, visit http://www.sleepsafedrivers.com. About SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Since 2007, SleepSafe Drivers has offered a comprehensive Fatigue Management Program, including innovative ways to address sleep apnea testing and treatment, that have been developed specifically for the transportation, logistics & supply chain industry and other safety-sensitive businesses. With national coverage, the program allows for confidential diagnosis and treatment for sleep apnea in a private, convenient and cost effective manner. The management team at SleepSafe Drivers has unparalleled experience in Home Sleep Testing (HST) with patented technology, high-compliance treatment products and protocols, and a strong network with the nation’s leading sleep labs, sleep physicians, and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. The SleepSafe Drivers program is logistically efficient with a focus on minimizing testing downtime while delivering more than 96% compliance with therapy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Strollers Market Research Report 2017: Good Baby, Combi Corporation, Stokke AS, Hauck Next PostNext Duncan Firm, P.A. Selected For „AV 30th Anniversary in 2017” Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council Lenexa, KS, May 06, 2017 –(PR.com)– This past Sunday, Steven Garrish was recognized for earning the designation of CTP at the 2017 CTP Awards Ceremony held at the National Private Truck Council’s Annual Meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio. Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers, one of the nation’s leaders in Fatigue Management Programs (FMPs) for the transportation industry and other high-risk related jobs, was officially designated a Certified Transportation Professional. The CTP designation certifies the knowledge and ability to understand complex operational, financial and regulatory issues, identify and implement organizational savings and develop systems and practices that meet and exceed a company’s transportation objectives and needs. He joins 1,600 other transportation executives who have received this distinguished certification, seen by the trucking industry as a benchmark of excellence. The many years Mr. Garrish has spent in the industry at leading companies such as JB Hunt and Walmart were just the beginning of the qualifications needed to become a candidate for this rigorous certification course. Individuals seeking the designation need at least five years of fleet/transportation supervisory, management or supplier experience plus a combination of formal education, continuing education in transportation management or on-the-job experience. The curriculum focuses on five core fleet management disciplines: finance; safety; human resource; equipment and maintenance and operations with a rigorous two section exam. “The study and work required for this certification was one of the most challenging courses I’ve ever taken. The knowledge one can gain from the CTP process helps to bring deeper insights as well as opportunities to network with other industry professionals from all over the country,” said Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers. For more information about SleepSafe Drivers, visit http://www.sleepsafedrivers.com. About SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Since 2007, SleepSafe Drivers has offered a comprehensive Fatigue Management Program, including innovative ways to address sleep apnea testing and treatment, that have been developed specifically for the transportation, logistics & supply chain industry and other safety-sensitive businesses. With national coverage, the program allows for confidential diagnosis and treatment for sleep apnea in a private, convenient and cost effective manner. The management team at SleepSafe Drivers has unparalleled experience in Home Sleep Testing (HST) with patented technology, high-compliance treatment products and protocols, and a strong network with the nation’s leading sleep labs, sleep physicians, and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. The SleepSafe Drivers program is logistically efficient with a focus on minimizing testing downtime while delivering more than 96% compliance with therapy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Strollers Market Research Report 2017: Good Baby, Combi Corporation, Stokke AS, Hauck Next PostNext Duncan Firm, P.A. Selected For „AV 30th Anniversary in 2017” Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council Lenexa, KS, May 06, 2017 –(PR.com)– This past Sunday, Steven Garrish was recognized for earning the designation of CTP at the 2017 CTP Awards Ceremony held at the National Private Truck Council’s Annual Meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio. Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers, one of the nation’s leaders in Fatigue Management Programs (FMPs) for the transportation industry and other high-risk related jobs, was officially designated a Certified Transportation Professional. The CTP designation certifies the knowledge and ability to understand complex operational, financial and regulatory issues, identify and implement organizational savings and develop systems and practices that meet and exceed a company’s transportation objectives and needs. He joins 1,600 other transportation executives who have received this distinguished certification, seen by the trucking industry as a benchmark of excellence. The many years Mr. Garrish has spent in the industry at leading companies such as JB Hunt and Walmart were just the beginning of the qualifications needed to become a candidate for this rigorous certification course. Individuals seeking the designation need at least five years of fleet/transportation supervisory, management or supplier experience plus a combination of formal education, continuing education in transportation management or on-the-job experience. The curriculum focuses on five core fleet management disciplines: finance; safety; human resource; equipment and maintenance and operations with a rigorous two section exam. “The study and work required for this certification was one of the most challenging courses I’ve ever taken. The knowledge one can gain from the CTP process helps to bring deeper insights as well as opportunities to network with other industry professionals from all over the country,” said Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers. For more information about SleepSafe Drivers, visit http://www.sleepsafedrivers.com. About SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Since 2007, SleepSafe Drivers has offered a comprehensive Fatigue Management Program, including innovative ways to address sleep apnea testing and treatment, that have been developed specifically for the transportation, logistics & supply chain industry and other safety-sensitive businesses. With national coverage, the program allows for confidential diagnosis and treatment for sleep apnea in a private, convenient and cost effective manner. The management team at SleepSafe Drivers has unparalleled experience in Home Sleep Testing (HST) with patented technology, high-compliance treatment products and protocols, and a strong network with the nation’s leading sleep labs, sleep physicians, and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. The SleepSafe Drivers program is logistically efficient with a focus on minimizing testing downtime while delivering more than 96% compliance with therapy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Strollers Market Research Report 2017: Good Baby, Combi Corporation, Stokke AS, Hauck Next PostNext Duncan Firm, P.A. Selected For „AV 30th Anniversary in 2017” Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council Lenexa, KS, May 06, 2017 –(PR.com)– This past Sunday, Steven Garrish was recognized for earning the designation of CTP at the 2017 CTP Awards Ceremony held at the National Private Truck Council’s Annual Meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio. Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers, one of the nation’s leaders in Fatigue Management Programs (FMPs) for the transportation industry and other high-risk related jobs, was officially designated a Certified Transportation Professional. The CTP designation certifies the knowledge and ability to understand complex operational, financial and regulatory issues, identify and implement organizational savings and develop systems and practices that meet and exceed a company’s transportation objectives and needs. He joins 1,600 other transportation executives who have received this distinguished certification, seen by the trucking industry as a benchmark of excellence. The many years Mr. Garrish has spent in the industry at leading companies such as JB Hunt and Walmart were just the beginning of the qualifications needed to become a candidate for this rigorous certification course. Individuals seeking the designation need at least five years of fleet/transportation supervisory, management or supplier experience plus a combination of formal education, continuing education in transportation management or on-the-job experience. The curriculum focuses on five core fleet management disciplines: finance; safety; human resource; equipment and maintenance and operations with a rigorous two section exam. “The study and work required for this certification was one of the most challenging courses I’ve ever taken. The knowledge one can gain from the CTP process helps to bring deeper insights as well as opportunities to network with other industry professionals from all over the country,” said Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers. For more information about SleepSafe Drivers, visit http://www.sleepsafedrivers.com. About SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Since 2007, SleepSafe Drivers has offered a comprehensive Fatigue Management Program, including innovative ways to address sleep apnea testing and treatment, that have been developed specifically for the transportation, logistics & supply chain industry and other safety-sensitive businesses. With national coverage, the program allows for confidential diagnosis and treatment for sleep apnea in a private, convenient and cost effective manner. The management team at SleepSafe Drivers has unparalleled experience in Home Sleep Testing (HST) with patented technology, high-compliance treatment products and protocols, and a strong network with the nation’s leading sleep labs, sleep physicians, and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. The SleepSafe Drivers program is logistically efficient with a focus on minimizing testing downtime while delivering more than 96% compliance with therapy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Strollers Market Research Report 2017: Good Baby, Combi Corporation, Stokke AS, Hauck Next PostNext Duncan Firm, P.A. Selected For „AV 30th Anniversary in 2017” Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council Lenexa, KS, May 06, 2017 –(PR.com)– This past Sunday, Steven Garrish was recognized for earning the designation of CTP at the 2017 CTP Awards Ceremony held at the National Private Truck Council’s Annual Meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio. Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers, one of the nation’s leaders in Fatigue Management Programs (FMPs) for the transportation industry and other high-risk related jobs, was officially designated a Certified Transportation Professional. The CTP designation certifies the knowledge and ability to understand complex operational, financial and regulatory issues, identify and implement organizational savings and develop systems and practices that meet and exceed a company’s transportation objectives and needs. He joins 1,600 other transportation executives who have received this distinguished certification, seen by the trucking industry as a benchmark of excellence. The many years Mr. Garrish has spent in the industry at leading companies such as JB Hunt and Walmart were just the beginning of the qualifications needed to become a candidate for this rigorous certification course. Individuals seeking the designation need at least five years of fleet/transportation supervisory, management or supplier experience plus a combination of formal education, continuing education in transportation management or on-the-job experience. The curriculum focuses on five core fleet management disciplines: finance; safety; human resource; equipment and maintenance and operations with a rigorous two section exam. “The study and work required for this certification was one of the most challenging courses I’ve ever taken. The knowledge one can gain from the CTP process helps to bring deeper insights as well as opportunities to network with other industry professionals from all over the country,” said Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers. For more information about SleepSafe Drivers, visit http://www.sleepsafedrivers.com. About SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Since 2007, SleepSafe Drivers has offered a comprehensive Fatigue Management Program, including innovative ways to address sleep apnea testing and treatment, that have been developed specifically for the transportation, logistics & supply chain industry and other safety-sensitive businesses. With national coverage, the program allows for confidential diagnosis and treatment for sleep apnea in a private, convenient and cost effective manner. The management team at SleepSafe Drivers has unparalleled experience in Home Sleep Testing (HST) with patented technology, high-compliance treatment products and protocols, and a strong network with the nation’s leading sleep labs, sleep physicians, and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. The SleepSafe Drivers program is logistically efficient with a focus on minimizing testing downtime while delivering more than 96% compliance with therapy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Strollers Market Research Report 2017: Good Baby, Combi Corporation, Stokke AS, Hauck Next PostNext Duncan Firm, P.A. Selected For „AV 30th Anniversary in 2017” Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council Lenexa, KS, May 06, 2017 –(PR.com)– This past Sunday, Steven Garrish was recognized for earning the designation of CTP at the 2017 CTP Awards Ceremony held at the National Private Truck Council’s Annual Meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio. Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers, one of the nation’s leaders in Fatigue Management Programs (FMPs) for the transportation industry and other high-risk related jobs, was officially designated a Certified Transportation Professional. The CTP designation certifies the knowledge and ability to understand complex operational, financial and regulatory issues, identify and implement organizational savings and develop systems and practices that meet and exceed a company’s transportation objectives and needs. He joins 1,600 other transportation executives who have received this distinguished certification, seen by the trucking industry as a benchmark of excellence. The many years Mr. Garrish has spent in the industry at leading companies such as JB Hunt and Walmart were just the beginning of the qualifications needed to become a candidate for this rigorous certification course. Individuals seeking the designation need at least five years of fleet/transportation supervisory, management or supplier experience plus a combination of formal education, continuing education in transportation management or on-the-job experience. The curriculum focuses on five core fleet management disciplines: finance; safety; human resource; equipment and maintenance and operations with a rigorous two section exam. “The study and work required for this certification was one of the most challenging courses I’ve ever taken. The knowledge one can gain from the CTP process helps to bring deeper insights as well as opportunities to network with other industry professionals from all over the country,” said Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers. For more information about SleepSafe Drivers, visit http://www.sleepsafedrivers.com. About SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Since 2007, SleepSafe Drivers has offered a comprehensive Fatigue Management Program, including innovative ways to address sleep apnea testing and treatment, that have been developed specifically for the transportation, logistics & supply chain industry and other safety-sensitive businesses. With national coverage, the program allows for confidential diagnosis and treatment for sleep apnea in a private, convenient and cost effective manner. The management team at SleepSafe Drivers has unparalleled experience in Home Sleep Testing (HST) with patented technology, high-compliance treatment products and protocols, and a strong network with the nation’s leading sleep labs, sleep physicians, and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. The SleepSafe Drivers program is logistically efficient with a focus on minimizing testing downtime while delivering more than 96% compliance with therapy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Strollers Market Research Report 2017: Good Baby, Combi Corporation, Stokke AS, Hauck Next PostNext Duncan Firm, P.A. Selected For „AV 30th Anniversary in 2017” Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council Lenexa, KS, May 06, 2017 –(PR.com)– This past Sunday, Steven Garrish was recognized for earning the designation of CTP at the 2017 CTP Awards Ceremony held at the National Private Truck Council’s Annual Meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio. Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers, one of the nation’s leaders in Fatigue Management Programs (FMPs) for the transportation industry and other high-risk related jobs, was officially designated a Certified Transportation Professional. The CTP designation certifies the knowledge and ability to understand complex operational, financial and regulatory issues, identify and implement organizational savings and develop systems and practices that meet and exceed a company’s transportation objectives and needs. He joins 1,600 other transportation executives who have received this distinguished certification, seen by the trucking industry as a benchmark of excellence. The many years Mr. Garrish has spent in the industry at leading companies such as JB Hunt and Walmart were just the beginning of the qualifications needed to become a candidate for this rigorous certification course. Individuals seeking the designation need at least five years of fleet/transportation supervisory, management or supplier experience plus a combination of formal education, continuing education in transportation management or on-the-job experience. The curriculum focuses on five core fleet management disciplines: finance; safety; human resource; equipment and maintenance and operations with a rigorous two section exam. “The study and work required for this certification was one of the most challenging courses I’ve ever taken. The knowledge one can gain from the CTP process helps to bring deeper insights as well as opportunities to network with other industry professionals from all over the country,” said Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers. For more information about SleepSafe Drivers, visit http://www.sleepsafedrivers.com. About SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Since 2007, SleepSafe Drivers has offered a comprehensive Fatigue Management Program, including innovative ways to address sleep apnea testing and treatment, that have been developed specifically for the transportation, logistics & supply chain industry and other safety-sensitive businesses. With national coverage, the program allows for confidential diagnosis and treatment for sleep apnea in a private, convenient and cost effective manner. The management team at SleepSafe Drivers has unparalleled experience in Home Sleep Testing (HST) with patented technology, high-compliance treatment products and protocols, and a strong network with the nation’s leading sleep labs, sleep physicians, and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. The SleepSafe Drivers program is logistically efficient with a focus on minimizing testing downtime while delivering more than 96% compliance with therapy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Strollers Market Research Report 2017: Good Baby, Combi Corporation, Stokke AS, Hauck Next PostNext Duncan Firm, P.A. Selected For „AV 30th Anniversary in 2017” Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council Lenexa, KS, May 06, 2017 –(PR.com)– This past Sunday, Steven Garrish was recognized for earning the designation of CTP at the 2017 CTP Awards Ceremony held at the National Private Truck Council’s Annual Meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio. Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers, one of the nation’s leaders in Fatigue Management Programs (FMPs) for the transportation industry and other high-risk related jobs, was officially designated a Certified Transportation Professional. The CTP designation certifies the knowledge and ability to understand complex operational, financial and regulatory issues, identify and implement organizational savings and develop systems and practices that meet and exceed a company’s transportation objectives and needs. He joins 1,600 other transportation executives who have received this distinguished certification, seen by the trucking industry as a benchmark of excellence. The many years Mr. Garrish has spent in the industry at leading companies such as JB Hunt and Walmart were just the beginning of the qualifications needed to become a candidate for this rigorous certification course. Individuals seeking the designation need at least five years of fleet/transportation supervisory, management or supplier experience plus a combination of formal education, continuing education in transportation management or on-the-job experience. The curriculum focuses on five core fleet management disciplines: finance; safety; human resource; equipment and maintenance and operations with a rigorous two section exam. “The study and work required for this certification was one of the most challenging courses I’ve ever taken. The knowledge one can gain from the CTP process helps to bring deeper insights as well as opportunities to network with other industry professionals from all over the country,” said Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers. For more information about SleepSafe Drivers, visit http://www.sleepsafedrivers.com. About SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Since 2007, SleepSafe Drivers has offered a comprehensive Fatigue Management Program, including innovative ways to address sleep apnea testing and treatment, that have been developed specifically for the transportation, logistics & supply chain industry and other safety-sensitive businesses. With national coverage, the program allows for confidential diagnosis and treatment for sleep apnea in a private, convenient and cost effective manner. The management team at SleepSafe Drivers has unparalleled experience in Home Sleep Testing (HST) with patented technology, high-compliance treatment products and protocols, and a strong network with the nation’s leading sleep labs, sleep physicians, and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. The SleepSafe Drivers program is logistically efficient with a focus on minimizing testing downtime while delivering more than 96% compliance with therapy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Strollers Market Research Report 2017: Good Baby, Combi Corporation, Stokke AS, Hauck Next PostNext Duncan Firm, P.A. Selected For „AV 30th Anniversary in 2017” Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council Lenexa, KS, May 06, 2017 –(PR.com)– This past Sunday, Steven Garrish was recognized for earning the designation of CTP at the 2017 CTP Awards Ceremony held at the National Private Truck Council’s Annual Meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio. Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers, one of the nation’s leaders in Fatigue Management Programs (FMPs) for the transportation industry and other high-risk related jobs, was officially designated a Certified Transportation Professional. The CTP designation certifies the knowledge and ability to understand complex operational, financial and regulatory issues, identify and implement organizational savings and develop systems and practices that meet and exceed a company’s transportation objectives and needs. He joins 1,600 other transportation executives who have received this distinguished certification, seen by the trucking industry as a benchmark of excellence. The many years Mr. Garrish has spent in the industry at leading companies such as JB Hunt and Walmart were just the beginning of the qualifications needed to become a candidate for this rigorous certification course. Individuals seeking the designation need at least five years of fleet/transportation supervisory, management or supplier experience plus a combination of formal education, continuing education in transportation management or on-the-job experience. The curriculum focuses on five core fleet management disciplines: finance; safety; human resource; equipment and maintenance and operations with a rigorous two section exam. “The study and work required for this certification was one of the most challenging courses I’ve ever taken. The knowledge one can gain from the CTP process helps to bring deeper insights as well as opportunities to network with other industry professionals from all over the country,” said Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers. For more information about SleepSafe Drivers, visit http://www.sleepsafedrivers.com. About SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Since 2007, SleepSafe Drivers has offered a comprehensive Fatigue Management Program, including innovative ways to address sleep apnea testing and treatment, that have been developed specifically for the transportation, logistics & supply chain industry and other safety-sensitive businesses. With national coverage, the program allows for confidential diagnosis and treatment for sleep apnea in a private, convenient and cost effective manner. The management team at SleepSafe Drivers has unparalleled experience in Home Sleep Testing (HST) with patented technology, high-compliance treatment products and protocols, and a strong network with the nation’s leading sleep labs, sleep physicians, and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. The SleepSafe Drivers program is logistically efficient with a focus on minimizing testing downtime while delivering more than 96% compliance with therapy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Strollers Market Research Report 2017: Good Baby, Combi Corporation, Stokke AS, Hauck Next PostNext Duncan Firm, P.A. Selected For „AV 30th Anniversary in 2017” Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council Lenexa, KS, May 06, 2017 –(PR.com)– This past Sunday, Steven Garrish was recognized for earning the designation of CTP at the 2017 CTP Awards Ceremony held at the National Private Truck Council’s Annual Meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio. Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers, one of the nation’s leaders in Fatigue Management Programs (FMPs) for the transportation industry and other high-risk related jobs, was officially designated a Certified Transportation Professional. The CTP designation certifies the knowledge and ability to understand complex operational, financial and regulatory issues, identify and implement organizational savings and develop systems and practices that meet and exceed a company’s transportation objectives and needs. He joins 1,600 other transportation executives who have received this distinguished certification, seen by the trucking industry as a benchmark of excellence. The many years Mr. Garrish has spent in the industry at leading companies such as JB Hunt and Walmart were just the beginning of the qualifications needed to become a candidate for this rigorous certification course. Individuals seeking the designation need at least five years of fleet/transportation supervisory, management or supplier experience plus a combination of formal education, continuing education in transportation management or on-the-job experience. The curriculum focuses on five core fleet management disciplines: finance; safety; human resource; equipment and maintenance and operations with a rigorous two section exam. “The study and work required for this certification was one of the most challenging courses I’ve ever taken. The knowledge one can gain from the CTP process helps to bring deeper insights as well as opportunities to network with other industry professionals from all over the country,” said Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers. For more information about SleepSafe Drivers, visit http://www.sleepsafedrivers.com. About SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Since 2007, SleepSafe Drivers has offered a comprehensive Fatigue Management Program, including innovative ways to address sleep apnea testing and treatment, that have been developed specifically for the transportation, logistics & supply chain industry and other safety-sensitive businesses. With national coverage, the program allows for confidential diagnosis and treatment for sleep apnea in a private, convenient and cost effective manner. The management team at SleepSafe Drivers has unparalleled experience in Home Sleep Testing (HST) with patented technology, high-compliance treatment products and protocols, and a strong network with the nation’s leading sleep labs, sleep physicians, and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. The SleepSafe Drivers program is logistically efficient with a focus on minimizing testing downtime while delivering more than 96% compliance with therapy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Strollers Market Research Report 2017: Good Baby, Combi Corporation, Stokke AS, Hauck Next PostNext Duncan Firm, P.A. Selected For „AV 30th Anniversary in 2017” Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council Lenexa, KS, May 06, 2017 –(PR.com)– This past Sunday, Steven Garrish was recognized for earning the designation of CTP at the 2017 CTP Awards Ceremony held at the National Private Truck Council’s Annual Meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio. Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers, one of the nation’s leaders in Fatigue Management Programs (FMPs) for the transportation industry and other high-risk related jobs, was officially designated a Certified Transportation Professional. The CTP designation certifies the knowledge and ability to understand complex operational, financial and regulatory issues, identify and implement organizational savings and develop systems and practices that meet and exceed a company’s transportation objectives and needs. He joins 1,600 other transportation executives who have received this distinguished certification, seen by the trucking industry as a benchmark of excellence. The many years Mr. Garrish has spent in the industry at leading companies such as JB Hunt and Walmart were just the beginning of the qualifications needed to become a candidate for this rigorous certification course. Individuals seeking the designation need at least five years of fleet/transportation supervisory, management or supplier experience plus a combination of formal education, continuing education in transportation management or on-the-job experience. The curriculum focuses on five core fleet management disciplines: finance; safety; human resource; equipment and maintenance and operations with a rigorous two section exam. “The study and work required for this certification was one of the most challenging courses I’ve ever taken. The knowledge one can gain from the CTP process helps to bring deeper insights as well as opportunities to network with other industry professionals from all over the country,” said Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers. For more information about SleepSafe Drivers, visit http://www.sleepsafedrivers.com. About SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Since 2007, SleepSafe Drivers has offered a comprehensive Fatigue Management Program, including innovative ways to address sleep apnea testing and treatment, that have been developed specifically for the transportation, logistics & supply chain industry and other safety-sensitive businesses. With national coverage, the program allows for confidential diagnosis and treatment for sleep apnea in a private, convenient and cost effective manner. The management team at SleepSafe Drivers has unparalleled experience in Home Sleep Testing (HST) with patented technology, high-compliance treatment products and protocols, and a strong network with the nation’s leading sleep labs, sleep physicians, and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. The SleepSafe Drivers program is logistically efficient with a focus on minimizing testing downtime while delivering more than 96% compliance with therapy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Strollers Market Research Report 2017: Good Baby, Combi Corporation, Stokke AS, Hauck Next PostNext Duncan Firm, P.A. Selected For „AV 30th Anniversary in 2017” Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council Lenexa, KS, May 06, 2017 –(PR.com)– This past Sunday, Steven Garrish was recognized for earning the designation of CTP at the 2017 CTP Awards Ceremony held at the National Private Truck Council’s Annual Meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio. Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers, one of the nation’s leaders in Fatigue Management Programs (FMPs) for the transportation industry and other high-risk related jobs, was officially designated a Certified Transportation Professional. The CTP designation certifies the knowledge and ability to understand complex operational, financial and regulatory issues, identify and implement organizational savings and develop systems and practices that meet and exceed a company’s transportation objectives and needs. He joins 1,600 other transportation executives who have received this distinguished certification, seen by the trucking industry as a benchmark of excellence. The many years Mr. Garrish has spent in the industry at leading companies such as JB Hunt and Walmart were just the beginning of the qualifications needed to become a candidate for this rigorous certification course. Individuals seeking the designation need at least five years of fleet/transportation supervisory, management or supplier experience plus a combination of formal education, continuing education in transportation management or on-the-job experience. The curriculum focuses on five core fleet management disciplines: finance; safety; human resource; equipment and maintenance and operations with a rigorous two section exam. “The study and work required for this certification was one of the most challenging courses I’ve ever taken. The knowledge one can gain from the CTP process helps to bring deeper insights as well as opportunities to network with other industry professionals from all over the country,” said Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers. For more information about SleepSafe Drivers, visit http://www.sleepsafedrivers.com. About SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Since 2007, SleepSafe Drivers has offered a comprehensive Fatigue Management Program, including innovative ways to address sleep apnea testing and treatment, that have been developed specifically for the transportation, logistics & supply chain industry and other safety-sensitive businesses. With national coverage, the program allows for confidential diagnosis and treatment for sleep apnea in a private, convenient and cost effective manner. The management team at SleepSafe Drivers has unparalleled experience in Home Sleep Testing (HST) with patented technology, high-compliance treatment products and protocols, and a strong network with the nation’s leading sleep labs, sleep physicians, and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. The SleepSafe Drivers program is logistically efficient with a focus on minimizing testing downtime while delivering more than 96% compliance with therapy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Strollers Market Research Report 2017: Good Baby, Combi Corporation, Stokke AS, Hauck Next PostNext Duncan Firm, P.A. Selected For „AV 30th Anniversary in 2017” Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council Lenexa, KS, May 06, 2017 –(PR.com)– This past Sunday, Steven Garrish was recognized for earning the designation of CTP at the 2017 CTP Awards Ceremony held at the National Private Truck Council’s Annual Meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio. Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers, one of the nation’s leaders in Fatigue Management Programs (FMPs) for the transportation industry and other high-risk related jobs, was officially designated a Certified Transportation Professional. The CTP designation certifies the knowledge and ability to understand complex operational, financial and regulatory issues, identify and implement organizational savings and develop systems and practices that meet and exceed a company’s transportation objectives and needs. He joins 1,600 other transportation executives who have received this distinguished certification, seen by the trucking industry as a benchmark of excellence. The many years Mr. Garrish has spent in the industry at leading companies such as JB Hunt and Walmart were just the beginning of the qualifications needed to become a candidate for this rigorous certification course. Individuals seeking the designation need at least five years of fleet/transportation supervisory, management or supplier experience plus a combination of formal education, continuing education in transportation management or on-the-job experience. The curriculum focuses on five core fleet management disciplines: finance; safety; human resource; equipment and maintenance and operations with a rigorous two section exam. “The study and work required for this certification was one of the most challenging courses I’ve ever taken. The knowledge one can gain from the CTP process helps to bring deeper insights as well as opportunities to network with other industry professionals from all over the country,” said Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers. For more information about SleepSafe Drivers, visit http://www.sleepsafedrivers.com. About SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Since 2007, SleepSafe Drivers has offered a comprehensive Fatigue Management Program, including innovative ways to address sleep apnea testing and treatment, that have been developed specifically for the transportation, logistics & supply chain industry and other safety-sensitive businesses. With national coverage, the program allows for confidential diagnosis and treatment for sleep apnea in a private, convenient and cost effective manner. The management team at SleepSafe Drivers has unparalleled experience in Home Sleep Testing (HST) with patented technology, high-compliance treatment products and protocols, and a strong network with the nation’s leading sleep labs, sleep physicians, and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. The SleepSafe Drivers program is logistically efficient with a focus on minimizing testing downtime while delivering more than 96% compliance with therapy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Strollers Market Research Report 2017: Good Baby, Combi Corporation, Stokke AS, Hauck Next PostNext Duncan Firm, P.A. Selected For „AV 30th Anniversary in 2017” Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council Lenexa, KS, May 06, 2017 –(PR.com)– This past Sunday, Steven Garrish was recognized for earning the designation of CTP at the 2017 CTP Awards Ceremony held at the National Private Truck Council’s Annual Meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio. Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers, one of the nation’s leaders in Fatigue Management Programs (FMPs) for the transportation industry and other high-risk related jobs, was officially designated a Certified Transportation Professional. The CTP designation certifies the knowledge and ability to understand complex operational, financial and regulatory issues, identify and implement organizational savings and develop systems and practices that meet and exceed a company’s transportation objectives and needs. He joins 1,600 other transportation executives who have received this distinguished certification, seen by the trucking industry as a benchmark of excellence. The many years Mr. Garrish has spent in the industry at leading companies such as JB Hunt and Walmart were just the beginning of the qualifications needed to become a candidate for this rigorous certification course. Individuals seeking the designation need at least five years of fleet/transportation supervisory, management or supplier experience plus a combination of formal education, continuing education in transportation management or on-the-job experience. The curriculum focuses on five core fleet management disciplines: finance; safety; human resource; equipment and maintenance and operations with a rigorous two section exam. “The study and work required for this certification was one of the most challenging courses I’ve ever taken. The knowledge one can gain from the CTP process helps to bring deeper insights as well as opportunities to network with other industry professionals from all over the country,” said Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers. For more information about SleepSafe Drivers, visit http://www.sleepsafedrivers.com. About SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Since 2007, SleepSafe Drivers has offered a comprehensive Fatigue Management Program, including innovative ways to address sleep apnea testing and treatment, that have been developed specifically for the transportation, logistics & supply chain industry and other safety-sensitive businesses. With national coverage, the program allows for confidential diagnosis and treatment for sleep apnea in a private, convenient and cost effective manner. The management team at SleepSafe Drivers has unparalleled experience in Home Sleep Testing (HST) with patented technology, high-compliance treatment products and protocols, and a strong network with the nation’s leading sleep labs, sleep physicians, and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. The SleepSafe Drivers program is logistically efficient with a focus on minimizing testing downtime while delivering more than 96% compliance with therapy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Strollers Market Research Report 2017: Good Baby, Combi Corporation, Stokke AS, Hauck Next PostNext Duncan Firm, P.A. Selected For „AV 30th Anniversary in 2017” Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council Lenexa, KS, May 06, 2017 –(PR.com)– This past Sunday, Steven Garrish was recognized for earning the designation of CTP at the 2017 CTP Awards Ceremony held at the National Private Truck Council’s Annual Meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio. Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers, one of the nation’s leaders in Fatigue Management Programs (FMPs) for the transportation industry and other high-risk related jobs, was officially designated a Certified Transportation Professional. The CTP designation certifies the knowledge and ability to understand complex operational, financial and regulatory issues, identify and implement organizational savings and develop systems and practices that meet and exceed a company’s transportation objectives and needs. He joins 1,600 other transportation executives who have received this distinguished certification, seen by the trucking industry as a benchmark of excellence. The many years Mr. Garrish has spent in the industry at leading companies such as JB Hunt and Walmart were just the beginning of the qualifications needed to become a candidate for this rigorous certification course. Individuals seeking the designation need at least five years of fleet/transportation supervisory, management or supplier experience plus a combination of formal education, continuing education in transportation management or on-the-job experience. The curriculum focuses on five core fleet management disciplines: finance; safety; human resource; equipment and maintenance and operations with a rigorous two section exam. “The study and work required for this certification was one of the most challenging courses I’ve ever taken. The knowledge one can gain from the CTP process helps to bring deeper insights as well as opportunities to network with other industry professionals from all over the country,” said Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers. For more information about SleepSafe Drivers, visit http://www.sleepsafedrivers.com. About SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Since 2007, SleepSafe Drivers has offered a comprehensive Fatigue Management Program, including innovative ways to address sleep apnea testing and treatment, that have been developed specifically for the transportation, logistics & supply chain industry and other safety-sensitive businesses. With national coverage, the program allows for confidential diagnosis and treatment for sleep apnea in a private, convenient and cost effective manner. The management team at SleepSafe Drivers has unparalleled experience in Home Sleep Testing (HST) with patented technology, high-compliance treatment products and protocols, and a strong network with the nation’s leading sleep labs, sleep physicians, and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. The SleepSafe Drivers program is logistically efficient with a focus on minimizing testing downtime while delivering more than 96% compliance with therapy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Strollers Market Research Report 2017: Good Baby, Combi Corporation, Stokke AS, Hauck Next PostNext Duncan Firm, P.A. Selected For „AV 30th Anniversary in 2017” Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council Lenexa, KS, May 06, 2017 –(PR.com)– This past Sunday, Steven Garrish was recognized for earning the designation of CTP at the 2017 CTP Awards Ceremony held at the National Private Truck Council’s Annual Meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio. Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers, one of the nation’s leaders in Fatigue Management Programs (FMPs) for the transportation industry and other high-risk related jobs, was officially designated a Certified Transportation Professional. The CTP designation certifies the knowledge and ability to understand complex operational, financial and regulatory issues, identify and implement organizational savings and develop systems and practices that meet and exceed a company’s transportation objectives and needs. He joins 1,600 other transportation executives who have received this distinguished certification, seen by the trucking industry as a benchmark of excellence. The many years Mr. Garrish has spent in the industry at leading companies such as JB Hunt and Walmart were just the beginning of the qualifications needed to become a candidate for this rigorous certification course. Individuals seeking the designation need at least five years of fleet/transportation supervisory, management or supplier experience plus a combination of formal education, continuing education in transportation management or on-the-job experience. The curriculum focuses on five core fleet management disciplines: finance; safety; human resource; equipment and maintenance and operations with a rigorous two section exam. “The study and work required for this certification was one of the most challenging courses I’ve ever taken. The knowledge one can gain from the CTP process helps to bring deeper insights as well as opportunities to network with other industry professionals from all over the country,” said Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers. For more information about SleepSafe Drivers, visit http://www.sleepsafedrivers.com. About SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Since 2007, SleepSafe Drivers has offered a comprehensive Fatigue Management Program, including innovative ways to address sleep apnea testing and treatment, that have been developed specifically for the transportation, logistics & supply chain industry and other safety-sensitive businesses. With national coverage, the program allows for confidential diagnosis and treatment for sleep apnea in a private, convenient and cost effective manner. The management team at SleepSafe Drivers has unparalleled experience in Home Sleep Testing (HST) with patented technology, high-compliance treatment products and protocols, and a strong network with the nation’s leading sleep labs, sleep physicians, and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. The SleepSafe Drivers program is logistically efficient with a focus on minimizing testing downtime while delivering more than 96% compliance with therapy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Strollers Market Research Report 2017: Good Baby, Combi Corporation, Stokke AS, Hauck Next PostNext Duncan Firm, P.A. Selected For „AV 30th Anniversary in 2017” Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council Lenexa, KS, May 06, 2017 –(PR.com)– This past Sunday, Steven Garrish was recognized for earning the designation of CTP at the 2017 CTP Awards Ceremony held at the National Private Truck Council’s Annual Meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio. Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers, one of the nation’s leaders in Fatigue Management Programs (FMPs) for the transportation industry and other high-risk related jobs, was officially designated a Certified Transportation Professional. The CTP designation certifies the knowledge and ability to understand complex operational, financial and regulatory issues, identify and implement organizational savings and develop systems and practices that meet and exceed a company’s transportation objectives and needs. He joins 1,600 other transportation executives who have received this distinguished certification, seen by the trucking industry as a benchmark of excellence. The many years Mr. Garrish has spent in the industry at leading companies such as JB Hunt and Walmart were just the beginning of the qualifications needed to become a candidate for this rigorous certification course. Individuals seeking the designation need at least five years of fleet/transportation supervisory, management or supplier experience plus a combination of formal education, continuing education in transportation management or on-the-job experience. The curriculum focuses on five core fleet management disciplines: finance; safety; human resource; equipment and maintenance and operations with a rigorous two section exam. “The study and work required for this certification was one of the most challenging courses I’ve ever taken. The knowledge one can gain from the CTP process helps to bring deeper insights as well as opportunities to network with other industry professionals from all over the country,” said Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers. For more information about SleepSafe Drivers, visit http://www.sleepsafedrivers.com. About SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Since 2007, SleepSafe Drivers has offered a comprehensive Fatigue Management Program, including innovative ways to address sleep apnea testing and treatment, that have been developed specifically for the transportation, logistics & supply chain industry and other safety-sensitive businesses. With national coverage, the program allows for confidential diagnosis and treatment for sleep apnea in a private, convenient and cost effective manner. The management team at SleepSafe Drivers has unparalleled experience in Home Sleep Testing (HST) with patented technology, high-compliance treatment products and protocols, and a strong network with the nation’s leading sleep labs, sleep physicians, and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. The SleepSafe Drivers program is logistically efficient with a focus on minimizing testing downtime while delivering more than 96% compliance with therapy. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Strollers Market Research Report 2017: Good Baby, Combi Corporation, Stokke AS, Hauck Next PostNext Duncan Firm, P.A. Selected For „AV 30th Anniversary in 2017” Search Recent Posts GrandSouth Bancorporation (GRRB: OTCQB) | GrandSouth Bancorporation reports earnings for the first quarter of 2017 IBM Security Executives to Present at KuppingerCole European Identity & Cloud Conference Fortem Technologies, Inc. Closes Additional $5.5M Financing Led By Signia Venture Partners And Data Collective BUYINS.NET: CFX SqueezeTrigger Price is $38.74. There is $110,015,943 That Short Sellers Still Need To Cover. Fortem Technologies, Inc. Closes Additional $5.5M Financing Led By Signia Venture Partners And Data Collective RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Press Release Share      Blog Receive press releases from SleepSafe Drivers, Inc.: By Email PDF Version RSS Feeds: SleepSafe Drivers® Executive Earns His Certified Transportation Professional (CTP) Designation from the National Private Truck Council Lenexa, KS, May 06, 2017 --(PR.com)-- This past Sunday, Steven Garrish was recognized for earning the designation of CTP at the 2017 CTP Awards Ceremony held at the National Private Truck Council’s Annual Meeting in Cincinnati, Ohio. Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers, one of the nation’s leaders in Fatigue Management Programs (FMPs) for the transportation industry and other high-risk related jobs, was officially designated a Certified Transportation Professional. The CTP designation certifies the knowledge and ability to understand complex operational, financial and regulatory issues, identify and implement organizational savings and develop systems and practices that meet and exceed a company’s transportation objectives and needs. He joins 1,600 other transportation executives who have received this distinguished certification, seen by the trucking industry as a benchmark of excellence. The many years Mr. Garrish has spent in the industry at leading companies such as JB Hunt and Walmart were just the beginning of the qualifications needed to become a candidate for this rigorous certification course. Individuals seeking the designation need at least five years of fleet/transportation supervisory, management or supplier experience plus a combination of formal education, continuing education in transportation management or on-the-job experience. The curriculum focuses on five core fleet management disciplines: finance; safety; human resource; equipment and maintenance and operations with a rigorous two section exam. “The study and work required for this certification was one of the most challenging courses I’ve ever taken. The knowledge one can gain from the CTP process helps to bring deeper insights as well as opportunities to network with other industry professionals from all over the country,” said Steven Garrish, SVP of Safety and Regulatory Compliance at SleepSafe Drivers. For more information about SleepSafe Drivers, visit http://www.sleepsafedrivers.com. About SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Since 2007, SleepSafe Drivers has offered a comprehensive Fatigue Management Program, including innovative ways to address sleep apnea testing and treatment, that have been developed specifically for the transportation, logistics & supply chain industry and other safety-sensitive businesses. With national coverage, the program allows for confidential diagnosis and treatment for sleep apnea in a private, convenient and cost effective manner. The management team at SleepSafe Drivers has unparalleled experience in Home Sleep Testing (HST) with patented technology, high-compliance treatment products and protocols, and a strong network with the nation’s leading sleep labs, sleep physicians, and Durable Medical Equipment (DME) providers. The SleepSafe Drivers program is logistically efficient with a focus on minimizing testing downtime while delivering more than 96% compliance with therapy. Contact Information SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Chanda Goodemote Kramer 858-349-5040 Contact www.sleepsafedrivers.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from SleepSafe Drivers, Inc. Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
44.0° My Account Digital Account Print Account Text Alerts Planit Save Account Contact Us Sections News Local State Nation/World Crime and Courts Police Reports Government Election Central Business Education Town News and Info Corrections Sports Preps Bears Bulls Blackhawks Cubs White Sox Features Auto Food & Drink Health Lifestyle Movies and TV Music Theater McHenry County Magazine Planit Northwest Everyday Heroes Best Under 40 Best of the Fox Women of Distinction Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columnists Editorial Cartoons Share Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Club Book of Lists Business: Best Under 40 Business Milestones Campus Report Engagement Announcement Get your band featured Letters to the Editor Neighbors Connect Planit Pl@y online submission Recipe of the Week Service Report Share Your Photos Wedding Announcement Contact Us About Us Advertise Contact Us Feedback Forms Photo Store Public Notices Today's Ads More Photos and Lists Obituaries Photo Store Video News Video Live Video Events Events Calendar Promotions & Events Pro Football Weekly Election Central Market Place Jobs Wheels Real Estate Classified Digital Access Access nwherald.com from all your digital devices and receive breaking news and updates from around the area. Sign InSubscribe Home Delivery Local news, prep sports, Chicago sports, local and regional entertainment, business, home and lifestyle, food, classified and more! News you use every day! Daily, weekend and Sunday packages. Subscribe Text Alerts Stay connected to us wherever you are! Get breaking news updates along with other area information sent to you as a text message to your wireless device. Sign Up Email Newsletters We'll deliver news & updates to your inbox. Plan your weekend and catch up on the news with our newsletters. Sign Up Online Newspaper SectionsSubscribe Local Wal-Mart to offer pickup service at McHenry County stores By NORTHWEST HERALDMay 6, 2017 CRYSTAL LAKE – Wal-Mart has launched an online grocery pickup service in its three McHenry County stores. The free service allows customers to order groceries online and pick them up at the store without getting out of the car. The service features 30,000 items, including regional brands such as Halftime Pizza in Johnsburg, according to a news release from the Arkansas retailer. The service is available at the Johnsburg, Crystal Lake and Woodstock locations, along with other suburban Chicago stores. Customers can order at walmart.com/grocery or through the Wal-Mart grocery mobile app by selecting a pickup time. Each location has reserved parking spaces for pickup customers, according to the release. Related Links Judge lowers bond for Crystal Lake man prosecutors say was ringleader in drug robbery Officials warn public about new heroin strain called 'Gray Death' Wal-Mart to offer pickup service at McHenry County stores Crystal Lake police arrest suspect in theft of iPads at Bernotas Middle School Crystal Lake City Council gives OK to tattoo parlor Best Under 40 Seeking nominations for Best Under 40, recognizing professionals under the age of 40 making a difference in their profession and community. NOMINATE SOMEONE NOW! Reader Poll In which season did you get married? Spring Summer Fall Winter Vote!Show results Sponsored By AboutContactAdvertiseSubscribe Privacy PolicyEditorial PrinciplesAbout Our Ads Place a Classified AdCareersCopyright © 2017 Northwest Herald. All rights reserved. Published in Crystal Lake, Illinois, USA, by Shaw Media. FacebookTwitterCommentsEmailPrintMore Google+RedditPinterestTumblr
News Sports Living Classifieds 50° Full Menu 50° Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube E-Edition News All News Metro-east News Business Crime Belleville News Education News Violation of Trust O'Fallon Progress Highland News Leader State|Region News Nation|World News Politics and Government Scott Air Force Base Submit a News Tip Public Salaries Send Us Your Photographs Sports All Sports Cardinals Cheap Seats Blog Blues Colleges High Schools Recruiting High School Football High School Baseball/Softball High School Basketball Send Us Your Photographs Politics Politics Elections Living All Living BND Magazine Entertainment Food Horoscopes Answer Man Special Sections Records Contests Comics Puzzles & Games Celebrations Send Us Your Photographs Opinion All Opinion Editorial Glenn McCoy Letters/Sound-off Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Shopping Today's Hot Deal Grocery Coupons Today's Circulars Service Directory Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Place Ad One way to use Spray Chalk is over stencils to create designs on asphalt or concrete. It also works great on grass and is non-toxic and washes away easily. Testors spraychalkfun.com BND Magazine May 04, 2017 11:33 AM Spray Chalk will keep the kids busy while you shop at May Market By Suzanne Boyle sboyle@bnd.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Once the weather gets warmer (and drier), send the kids outside with Testors Spray Chalk. It’s just what it says it is, only better: comes in an aerosol can, so you shake and spray a fine chalk powder to create designs or lay out playing fields on grass, spray over stencils, write on glass, concrete or asphalt. Sprays 80 linear feet per can. Turn on the hose and wash it away — or let the rain do it for you! Not harmful to vegetation or pets. A colorful four-pack of 6-ounce cans is $19.99 and available in limited quantities at Target in Fairview Heights, Shiloh and Edwardsville. A check at spraychalkfun.com also says the product is sold at Ace Hardware, Home Depot, Michaels, Hobby Lobby, Walmart, Jo-Ann Fabrics and True Value, but check availability before going to one of these retailers. In case you feel the need for more security around the exterior of your home, check out the Floodlight Cam ($249). It’s touted as the “world’s only motion-activated HD security camera with two built-in LED floodlights, a 110-decibel siren alarm and two-way audio, so you can see, hear and speak to anyone on your property from anywhere.” Floodlight Cam easily replaces existing wired floodlights and connects to standard junction boxes. See more about it at ring.com/floodlightcam. Home Depot in Belleville, Fairview Height and Edwardsville have a limited supply in stock. Owner Ellen Leaf Moore’s sister, Kathie Bordner, will be at Fezziwig’s in O’Fallon selling her jewelry line, Flora Eudora, from 4-6 p.m. Friday. (She’ll also be at the May Market Home & Garden Show in Lebanon on Saturday.) The annual May Market Home & Garden Show comes to downtown Lebanon from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. on Saturday. Visit more than 60 booths specializing in spring flowers, flower baskets, yard art, gardening tips and much more. Make sure to stop at retailers along the brick street, too. Stop in at Pier 1 Imports in Fairview Heights for a special Mother’s Day event from 3-5 p.m. Saturday. See gift-basket demonstrations and enjoy refreshments. If you’re a Pier 1 Rewards member, pick up a free Magnolia Home tote bag. Effinger Garden Center in Belleville has some Mother’s Day specials going on now: Hanging baskets are $14.98, and big pots of geraniums are $19.98. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 9 days ago KMOV meteorologist teaches Belleville students about weather 2:49 9 days ago KMOV meteorologist teaches Belleville students about weather 3:27 15 days ago How to make Starbucks' new Unicorn Frappuccino — but better 2:34 23 days ago Christina Jones talks about winning teen talent competition View More Video BND Magazine Why does the ‘Lord’s Prayer’ have different endings? Lifestyle briefs for May 7 Religion briefs for May 6 Can you cover up the smell of chicken with perfume? Club News: Information about metro-east club meetings for May 7-13 BND Magazine Entertainment Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise With Us Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to main content Login Classifieds CarsHQ JobsHQ HomesHQ ApartmentsHQ Classifieds Marketplace Duluth News Tribune Search Search Sections Home news Headlines Man sought in connection with Crookston death stopped in Detroit Lakes before arrest in Twin Cities UMD graduate tells of fleeing life as a child soldier in Africa On Gunflint Trail, memories of 'devil's fire' still burn a decade later 'Rogue' employee at Grand Forks bar fired for denying drinks to Trump supporters Zbaracki announces challenge for 2nd District council More Topics crime education health iron range politics st louis county superior business Headlines Expert cautions state on costs to close PolyMet Biz Snapshot Biz Buzz Signs say Gander Mountain closing; official says no Allete posts $49 million first-quarter profit More Topics construction energy mining money shipping technology transportation sports Headlines Durant, Warriors push Jazz to brink of elimination College softball: Mizera powers Saints to UMAC title Junior hockey: Wilderness forced to Game 5 Prep Summaries Prep report: Another day, another Esko rally More Topics baseball basketball football golf hockey preps running features Headlines How to outfit your patio or balcony Homegrown Day 6 recap: Waiting for Steve DIY: Make her a bouquet this Mother's Day Brush up on exterior home painting Ask a Master Gardener: Tackling bishop's-weed without chemicals More Topics pursuits taste A&E home weekend featured columnists milestones Headlines Iliana Jaymes West Weston Brooks Eli Nicholas Myran Beckman, LeBlanc Happy 14th Birthday, Thor! More Topics weddings engagements anniversaries new arrivals 100 candles special occasions obituaries Headlines Virginia "Ginny" L. (Merritt) Olson Frances Mary (Ryan) Kozarek Janice "Jan" M. (Jacobs) Bishop Michael Gerald Terhaar Angie Lynn Tofflemeyer More Topics memorials opinion Headlines Local view: Duluth stepping up, bridging 'adventure gap' Educator's view: Colleges create economic hope for northern Minnesota An educator's view: Get kids out of classroom for real discoveries Reader's view: Better get accustomed to roundabouts Reader's view: PBMs driving up prescription drug costs More Topics columns editorial cartoons local view national view other view our view readers views outdoors Headlines River riddle: St. Louis River anglers trying to solve walleye puzzle Cold turkey: Lake Nebagamon hunters get their birds the hard way Tell us about your Nice Fish Today is fishing opener in Wisconsin Trails reopen in Duluth after seasonal closure More Topics fishing hunting community Headlines Fun with machines at old-time snowmobile festival Superior and Douglas County calling for youth representatives Mentor Duluth Moms on fire: Duluth blog honors area's best moms Grandma's Brag Book More Topics scrapbook family Weather Forecast Close Forecast Radar Man arrested in Hermantown convicted of murder in Indiana By News Tribune on May 5, 2017 at 10:02 p.m. An Indiana man who was arrested in Hermantown in 2015 after allegedly killing another man in Indiana, then abducting his estranged wife and her three young children, was convicted of those crimes this week. The Herald Bulletin of Anderson, Ind., reported that a jury on Thursday night found Mark Emerson guilty of murder and four counts of kidnapping, among other charges, after an eight-day trial. Emerson was arrested on June 22, 2015 at the Hermantown Wal-Mart — a drive of about 700 miles from Anderson — after his estranged wife managed to run and seek help. The woman told Hermantown police that she and her three daughters were kidnapped from her home in Indiana by her estranged husband, Emerson. She told police that Emerson broke into her home, fatally stabbed a man there — 25-year-old Cody Gay — and forced her and the children into a car. She said that Emerson planned to flee to Canada, and had stopped at the Wal-Mart to shoplift items to return in exchange for gift cards. When the woman was left alone in the car, she ran to the nearby Kolar car dealership to get help. The Hermantown Police Department reported that four of its officers, as well as a St. Louis County sheriff’s deputy, traveled to Indiana last week to testify at the trial. A Kolar employee who spoke with the woman after she fled the car also testified at the trial, the Herald Bulletin reported. Explore related topics:NewscrimehermantowncourtsCrime Advertisement Latest Local view: Duluth stepping up, bridging 'adventure gap'2 hours ago Educator's view: Colleges create economic hope for northern Minnesota3 hours ago An educator's view: Get kids out of classroom for real discoveries3 hours ago Durant, Warriors push Jazz to brink of elimination3 hours ago College softball: Mizera powers Saints to UMAC title3 hours ago Junior hockey: Wilderness forced to Game 53 hours ago Prep Summaries3 hours ago Prep report: Another day, another Esko rally3 hours ago more 〉 Account Manage My Account Manage Home Delivery Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions Newspaper Subscribe to the Paper Contact Contact Us Get Website Help Work With Us More JobsHQ CarsHQ HomesHQ Northland Outdoors Agweek Impact Magazine Social Areavoices Twitter Facebook RSS Feeds Forum Communications Company 3.0 © Duluth News Tribune Forum Communications Company websitesupport@forumcomm.com © Duluth News Tribune and Forum Communications Company 424 W. First St. Duluth, Minnesota 55802 Call us at (218) 723-5281 randomness
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships Education NY Times Lets a Charter School Propagandist Distort the Facts on Its Op-Ed Page "Alternative facts" are muddling the charter school debate. By Jeff Bryant / Education Opportunity Network May 5, 2017 Print Comments Photo Credit: Zócalo Public Square / Flickr President Donald Trump’s adamant promotion of “school choice” and his selection of Betsy DeVos for education secretary have put advocates for charter schools in the Democratic party in a bind, and now they’re scrambling to keep the luster of the well-polished charter school brand unblemished. Their latest tactic is to carefully distinguish charters from the system of school vouchers Trump and DeVos favor, but they serve this cause poorly by making erroneous claims about how the charter industry works in most communities and what these schools do to harm public education. The latest misfire comes from David Leonhardt’s op-ed in Monday’s New York Times in which he takes on DeVos and her preference for vouchers while denigrating charter skeptics as people who need to get “an open mind.” It’s a precarious tightrope Leonhardt attempts to walk, and he stumbles quite badly. First, A Little Background First, it’s important to understand the source of the school choice schism in the Democratic party goes back 25 years, Jeffrey Henig explains in Education Week, when proponents of school choice came up with two different ways to achieve their goals: school vouchers and charter schools. While conservatives favored vouchers, which were a creation of free-market economist Milton Friedman, political centrists and some left-leaning people became infatuated with charters because they were birthed by “business-oriented moderates and technocrats” who became the predominant force in the Democratic party during Bill Clinton’s presidential administration. Around the turn of the century, these two strains of school choice advocacy united after pro-voucher forces, largely funded by the Walton Family Foundation (of Walmart fame), encountered a series of stinging defeats at the ballot box and a rising tide of anti-voucher sentiment among the general public. Voucher advocates welcomed their union with charter school fans because it gave their cause a bipartisan aura and some support from the civil rights community. “Charter proponents … welcomed the political and philanthropic support of the pro-voucher forces,” Henig writes, because they needed rightwing leverage and money to undermine opposition coming from teachers’ unions and public school advocates. For conservatives, the bipartisan unification for school choice established the slippery slope to potentially privatize public education. Moderate and lefty supporters of charter schools, on the other hand, got a Faustian bargain that gave them “education reformer” cred and the favor of Wall Street investors in exchange for colluding with the right wing. With Trump and DeVos, the bargain Democrats made on charter schools has come due. What Leonhardt Gets Wrong So what’s a charter-loving Democrat to do? Based on what Leonhardt writes for the Times, many are choosing to re-up their support with false claims and deceptive rhetoric. Leonhardt begins his column by calling attention to a new study showing the voucher program in the District of Columbia has had a negative impact on student achievement – a worthwhile news item to note for sure. But it becomes quickly apparent Leonhardt brings the subject up not to lambast DeVos but to miscast charter school skeptics as actors in a “caricature” debate over the fate of public education. That’s a convenient strawman that leads him to state there are those who “conflate vouchers … with charter schools,” but he cites no credible sources to substantiate his belief that critics of DeVos and school choice are incapable of distinguishing between charters and vouchers. Most concerning about Leonhardt’s column, though, is the many misleading statements he makes about how charter schools operate and what their impact is. He cites a few credible studies showing positive impacts of charter schools on student achievement, but he doesn’t appear to have read credible reports that have found otherwise. For instance, the most rigorous and most expensive study of charter school performance commissioned by the US Department of Education found no overall positive effect for charter schools. A recent study of charter schools in Texas found charters overall have no positive impact on test scores and have a negative impact on earnings later in life. So it’s totally misleading for Leonhardt to argue charters have “flourished” (whatever that means) when their track record is decidedly mixed at best. Leonhardt then piles on one misleading statement after another. His assertion that “charter-school systems are subject to rigorous evaluation and oversight” is counter factual to reports from the charter industry itself that show only about 3 percent of charter schools are closed for under-performing, and even those that are closed have operated an average of 6.2 years. In Ohio, only one of 10 charter school students attend a school rated high performing. In Michigan, charter schools score worse on national assessments, known as “The Nation’s Report Card,” than their traditional public-school counterparts, yet their numbers continue to expand every year. In Louisiana, charter-school students perform worse than public schools on eighth-grade reading and math tests by enormous margins – 2 to 3 standard deviations. And if you want to find out how charter schools spend the money they get from taxpayers, your job isn’t easy. Neither the federal government nor the states have created a place taxpayers can go to see how much in taxes these schools get and what they do with the cash, including what happens to real estate the schools purchase with the public’s money. Leonhardt’s next howler is his assertion, “Local officials decide which charters can open and expand.” Actually, most often state boards or independent charter granting entities make the decisions to open and close charters, not local officials. If you’re a local official in most states – including Arizona, Florida, California, Michigan, Ohio, Pennsylvania, and North Carolina, – you have no idea if a charter school will pop up in your district and no control over what kind of students the charter will appeal to and how the charter will impact your budget. In most states – including Florida, Tennessee, California, Illinois, Colorado, and Alabama – local officials who deny a charter application or seek to close a charter are frequently overruled by appointed boards set up by state officials whose political campaigns have been well supported by the charter school industry or its wealthy promoters. The lack of local control endemic in charter school governance is by design. In its rankings of state legal statues governing charter schools, the charter industry lists “the existence of independent and/or multiple authorizers,” not local control, as a chief determiner of whether a state gets a top grade or not. Leonhardt is wrong on this point as well: “Many charters are open to all comers.” Numerous studies have found charters tend to serve lower percentages of students who have disabilities or whose first language isn’t English. I’m sure Leonhardt can find an inclusive charter here or there, but the fact remains there are no regulatory or statutory requirements that prevent a charter school operator from saying to a family, “Your child isn’t a good fit for our school,” and any attempt to put those requirements onto charters would be fought tooth-and-nail by the charter industry and its powerful lobby. Who Really Needs “An Open Mind” Lastly, Leonhardt offers a “political compromise” of “fewer vouchers, more charters,” and he accuses anyone unwilling to take that deal of not having “an open mind.” But expanding charters comes at a considerable cost to taxpayers as many of these schools continue to fleece the public coffers while traditional public schools lose vital resources. According to the latest accounting of charter school fraud, waste, and mismanagement, conducted by the Center for Popular Democracy, public funding of charter schools has grown to $40 billion annually while oversight of these schools has languished. CPD has identified over $223 million in public fund misuse by charters but argues this is merely “the tip of the iceberg.” The total estimated loss may top $2.1 billion, CPD calculates. As charters expand, the cost to public school systems is considerable, and many districts increasingly face financial insolvency as they lose students to these schools. Maybe that’s a subject Leonhardt can open his mind to. Jeff Bryant is director of the Education Opportunity Network, a partnership effort of the Institute for America's Future and the Opportunity to Learn Campaign. He has written extensively about public education policy.               Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg WATCH: Delta Flight Attendant Threatens Parents with Jail for Refusing to Give Up 2-Year-Old Son's Seat Travis Gettys / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/04/2017 - 07:35 The 'Pro-Life' Party Has Become the Party of Death: New Research on Why Republicans Hate Poor and Sick People Chauncey DeVega / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/04/2017 - 14:27 Surprising Stuff Happens to Men Who Earn Less Than Their Wives Lynn Stuart Parramore / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/04/2017 - 13:57 'It's F*cking Racist': Watch a Black Teen Confront His White Teacher Who Insists on Using the N-Word Travis Gettys / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 05/05/2017 - 07:45 Republicans' Vicious and Immoral Health Care Bill Is Just Part of a Sinister Long Game Thom Hartmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 05/05/2017 - 08:20 Stephen Colbert Lets James Comey Have It: 'You Screwed the Country' Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/04/2017 - 05:20 There's a Lot of Worry That Trump Is a Dangerous Authoritarian—Could It Be That We Barely Have a President at All? David Klion / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 05/05/2017 - 12:39 Psychopaths Are Most Likely to Study This in College Dana Dovey / Medical Daily Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/04/2017 - 16:47 Rachel Maddow Details the Carnage Trumpcare Will Inflict on Tens of Millions of Americans Egberto Willies / DailyKos Displayed Publishing Date: Fri, 05/05/2017 - 06:41 The Destructive Ignorance of Donald Trump's Supporters Appears to Know No Limits Bob Cesca / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 05/04/2017 - 07:28 Today's Top Stories News & Politics There's a Lot of Worry That Trump Is a Dangerous Authoritarian—Could It Be That We Barely Have a President at All? Media Stephen Colbert to be Investigated by FCC after 'Offensive' Trump Joke Activism Why the GOP's Vote to Repeal Obamacare Could Send a Democratic Majority to Washington in 2018 Grayzone Project French Voters Face Presidential Election Between Xenophobic Candidate & Centrist Investment Banker Human Rights This Problem Isn't Going Away: Heartless Police Shootings of Unarmed Black Americans Continue Into the Trump Era Sex & Relationships Scientific Study Reminds Us of the Deep Truth About One-Night Stands The Right Wing The Republican Party Is Sociopathic: If You Didn’t Know that Already, the Health Care Bill Should Make It Clear Personal Health America’s Health Is in the Hands of GOP Frat Boys The Right Wing Feds Are Likely Trying to 'Flip' Trump Officials to Testify Against White House Higher-Ups, Says Ex-CIA Officer Education NY Times Lets a Charter School Propagandist Distort the Facts on Its Op-Ed Page Media Here's How Web Service Cloudflare Helps Serve up Hate on the Internet That Fuels Real-Life Killings Environment Trump's Disastrous Decision to Ruin America's Prize National Monuments Activism Convicted for Laughing at Jeff Sessions? It Would Be Funny If It Weren't So Serious—This Is an Attack on Protest Itself Environment How Big Pharma Is Making Huge Profits From Torturing and Killing Horses News & Politics Republican Senator Demonstrates the Impact of Jimmy Kimmel's Appeal to Protect Those with Pre-Existing Conditions Environment Flint Water Crisis: More Than 8,000 Residents at Risk of Losing Homes After Refusing to Pay for Poisoned Water Environment Democrats Are Pulling Out All the Stops to Protect the Arctic From Trump FARK HEADLINES News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals Millennials Spend More on Coffee Than on Retirement Savings—and Now They Can Get Their Caffeine Boost in a Chewable Cube Should the Fossil Fuel Industry Have Access to the U.N. Climate Talks? 50 Preexisting Conditions That Can Make You Lose Your Insurance If Trump and GOP Have Their Way ◀ Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Two Boston doctors engaged to one another have their throats slit in their $1.9million penthouse by ex-convict, 30, who wrote a message of retribution on the wall before cops shot him Boy, 15, is shot dead by San Diego police after he pulled a BB gun from his waistband and pointed it at them in a high school parking lot Kushner family 'hopes to lure wealthy Chinese investors to the US with the promise of American visas if they invest $500,000 in their development projects' 'What motive would I have?' Manhattan 'party boy' accused of killing Hofstra graduate claims his co-defendant 'threw him under the bus' as he speaks from behind bars The dream comes true! Race favorite Always Dreaming wins 143rd Kentucky Derby on a soggy track in front of a celebrity-packed crowd of more than 158,000 at Churchill Downs One-eyed wonder horse called Patch wins the crowd's heart at the Kentucky Derby after soldiering through freak injury last summer Daddy's little lady! Anna Nicole Smith's daughter Dannielynn attends the Kentucky Derby with Larry Birkhead Brady's day out: Patriots star Tom laps up the Kentucky derby, posing with Katie Couric, rival quarterback Aaron Rodgers and retired Red Sox slugger David Ortiz 'We are not ready to make a martyr of our son': Funeral is held for 15-year-old shot dead by Dallas cop now charged with murder  Bobsledding star who won three Olympic medals after beating a disease that nearly robbed him of his eyesight is found dead in his room at US training center aged 37 All aboard! Suzanne Somers' extravagant Palm Springs hideaway complete with eight bedrooms, a waterfall and a tiny RAILWAY hits the market for $14.5 million 'Is Charles really your dad?' BBC is accused of inflicting 'deliberate pain' with 'salacious' paternity slur against Prince Harry in controversial TV show 'They're trying to murder me': Michael Jackson sent chilling letters predicting that he would soon be killed to a friend just weeks before his death  Mother-of-three is attacked and killed in her home by her 'beloved' South African Mastiff Sienna Miller joins long list of celebrities including Emma Watson to have 'X-rated photos hacked and leaked online' Hate your wife's friends? You're twice as likely to split - but women do not have to approve of their husband's mates for marriage to survive Real Time host Bill Maher is accused of crossing the line with tasteless incest joke about Ivanka Trump during his HBO show Was Trump trying to establish a back-channel to Putin through Michael Flynn? How transition team's request for CIA profile on Russian ambassador raised red flag among Obama administration 'Shame on You for Promoting!': State Department retweets post marketing Ivanka Trump's poorly-reviewed new book then deletes it after a barrage of criticism Trump is pictured on the golf course AGAIN after insisting weekend trip to his Bedminster club was because he had meetings and wanted to save taxpayers money Billionaire Warren Buffett calls Obamacare replacement 'a huge tax cut for guys like me' and says healthcare costs are eating away at the US economy like 'tapeworm' Trump could slash budget for the office controlling illegal drug use by 95 PER CENT following campaign promise to tackle opioid addiction 'Mika mouse, you're being a little stinker!' Steamy Morning Joe hosts can't keep their hands off each other as SNL pokes fun at MSNBC show - but Alex Baldwin is restricted to an off-screen phone-in 'Repeal and go f*** yourself': House Speaker Paul Ryan is unwittingly trolled by man posing for a picture at a Wisconsin fundraising event  Previous Next Caught on camera: Moment Tennessee teenager, 15, left her house and went on the run with her 50-year-old teacher for 39 days Newly revealed video shows moment Elizabeth Thomas disappeared in March  The 15-year-old spent 39 days on the run with teacher Tad Cummins, 50  Police found the pair in a cabin in Cecilville, California on April 20  Cummins faces life in prison on charge of taking minor across state line for sex Now video of Elizabeth leaving her home released ahead of Friday's ABC 20/20 By Keith Griffith For Dailymail.com Published: 21:12 EDT, 5 May 2017 | Updated: 03:46 EDT, 6 May 2017 e-mail 336 shares 185 View comments New video footage has emerged showing the moment a 15-year-old girl left her home to go on the run with a 50-year-old high school teacher for more than a month. The video, released by ABC's 20/20 ahead of a Friday night episode about the case, shows Elizabeth Thomas leaving her Columbia, Tennessee home and getting in a vehicle on the morning of March 13. The pair ended up spending 39 days on the run, leading police across the country on a nationwide manhunt. Cummins was arrested and Elizabeth found safe on April 20 in a cabin in northern California.  The video shot at 6.38am on March 13, a Monday, shows a vehicle pull into the Thomas family drive. Scroll down for videos  ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Tad Cummins, 50, (left) disappeared with 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas (right) last month and was on the run for 39 days before police caught up with them in a California cabin Elizabeth's family dog looks on as she locks the door before going on the run on March 13 Elizabeth appears casual in her manner and carries several bags as she leaves home Elizabeth puts her bags in the back of a vehicle on the morning of March 13. She then gets in the passenger seat and they drive away Moments later, Elizabeth is seen exiting her home, locking the door and walking past the family dog before appearing to put the house key in a hiding place. Elizabeth's manner appears casual and unstressed, and she carries several bags with her, which she puts in the back seat of the vehicle. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Tennessee teacher, 50, who went on the run with 15-year-old... Amber Alert teacher, 50, 'ADMITTED to his wife he slept with... Tipster will receive $10,000 reward for helping police... Teenage girl who was kidnapped by her teacher is 'left... Share this article Share 336 shares She then gets in the front passenger seat, and the car backs up and pulls away at 6.41am.  Police have said that a friend dropped Elizabeth off at a Shoney's in the area around 7.45am. Cummins was seen near the restaurant around 8am. Elizabeth and Cummins went on the run in a Nissan Rogue, which the teacher had borrowed from his wife that morning.  Her disappearance sparked a nationwide manhunt and Amber Alerts in several states before they were finally tracked down. Cummins faces life in prison on a charge of taking a minor across state lines for sex. He has not yet entered a plea to the charges, but his lawyer has released a statement saying he has 'no history of violence and no criminal history whatsoever'.  The moment Elizabeth is seen getting in the vehicle was the beginning of a 39-day life on the run for the teacher and student, which also saw them staying in Motel 8s and a nudist commune. The pair disappeared from Columbia, Tennessee, on March 13. They traveled to Alabama the next day then on to Oklahoma where they were spotted on March 15 before dropping off the radar until April 20 when they were found in a cabin in northern California  DailyMail.com revealed that the pair had previously spent ten days hiding at a hippy commune near the cabin where Cummins was arrested, the Black Bear Ranch, where they posed as a married couple and were seen 'making out' like lovers by a camp fire While at the commune the pair frequently spending entire days in bed in this attic, even though the group expects at least four hours of work a day from everyone According to an inventory of items confiscated from the cabin by the FBI, there were four bedrolls, two vacuum filters, coconut oil, and socks. The FBI also confiscated beer cans and tissues. Police got a tip about Cummins' whereabouts the night before his arrest from the caretaker of the cabin, 29-year-old Griffin Barry. Barry, who is originally from Nashville, said he let the couple stay in the cabin in exchange for work and realized who the two were when a neighbor showed him a picture of Elizabeth's missing person poster.  That's when it all came together for Barry and he called to tip off police. Looking back, he said there was something suspicious about the couple. Barry is set to receive $10,000 reward for his role in Cummins' arrest. Barry says the two first came through the area two weeks ago, looking for the Black Bear Ranch Commune, and were going by the names John and Joanna.  The couple, claiming to be 38 and 24 years old, had run out of gas and Cummins told a sad story about how they lost all of their possessions in a house fire in Colorado and didn't have any money left. So Barry decided to be a Good Samaritan, and gave Cummins money, gas and directions to the commune.   'I put some gas in his car and gave him $40 dollars and said if it doesn’t work come back I’ll feed you, you know what I mean?' Barry, 29, told WKRN.  Police say Cummins (left) switched the license plates on his car several times and disabled its GPS system to avoid detection as he fled with Thomas (right) This cabin in California was the final stop on a cross-country, 39-day life on the run for Cummins and Elizabeth Cummins and Elizabeth did in fact make it to the commune, where they spent 10 days sleeping on a filthy mattress in the attic of a communal building. But the members of the nudist colony sensed something was off with the two and decided against letting them into the group permanently. After getting kicked out of the commune, Cummins and Thomas returned to Cecilville on April 18, and Barry offered to let them sleep in one of his unfinished cabins in exchange for work. 'In my head I'm thinking he had a house fire and lost everything,' Barry said. 'I came out here on a prayer and people helped me out and got me on my feet and hopefully I can pass it on.' After his arrest, Cummins' wife claimed he had admitted he's slept with the teen and begged her forgiveness after he was caught. Jill Cummins, who filed for divorce from Tad Cummins after he ran off with Elizabeth, said her husband made the confession during a phone call from jail. Jill Cummins told Inside Edition she had asked him straight out; 'did you sleep with her?' 'Yes I did,' he replied, according to his wife who said she hadn't wanted to hear any details of their relationship, but she had already known the truth. 'I just wanted to hear it from him to me.' Jill Cummins, the wife of Tad Cummins, who went on the run with his 15-year-old student claims he admitted he's slept with the teen and begged her forgiveness after he was caught Prosecutors in Sacramento claimed that Tad Cummins changed his license plates, paid in cash and even planned to take a boat from San Diego to Mexico, to keep one step ahead of the police. Once across the border, he may have been planning to take her even further in to South America, they said. The documents, filed in federal court on April 24 ahead of his first hearing claim he admitted to switching license plates on his car several times and disabling its GPS system to avoid being caught. He paid for essentials, including chocolate for the teenager, with cash and only took back roads to avoid roadside surveillance, they claim.  'The defendant had plans to attempt to escape across the United States border to Mexico. He then planned to seek passage to countries further south of Mexico. 'In furtherance of this plan, the defendant procured a small watercraft and conducted a test run to cross into Mexico across the water from San Diego.  'The defendant also considered the feasibility of a land crossing into Mexico,' they said.  Cummins appeared in court for his first hearing. According to the prosecutors, he planned to take Thomas to Mexico, and then on to countries further south Cummins spoke only briefly in court to confirm his identity, and agreed to be returned to Tennessee to face trial there, according to WAAY TV. Judge Kendall Newman agreed that Cummins should not be allowed any release terms after being told by the prosecution that he had played a 'cat and mouse game' with officers who were hunting him. Assistant US attorney Jason Hitt added that Cummins had used 'his position of trust as a school teacher' to commit the alleged crime. That - and Cummins allegedly having two guns in the vehicle when he and the missing girl were found - make him a danger, he said. He also had at least seven pills of erectile dysfunction drug Cialis, they said.  'During his flight, the defendant engaged in a daring cat-and-mouse run from law enforcement in order to further his own prurient desires while engaging in a number of sophisticated maneuvers to avoid being caught,' prosecutors said in the documents. 'His actions in evasion were criminal.' THE PAIR'S FLIGHT FROM JUSTICE January 23: Tad Cummins is spotted kissing Elizabeth Thomas, his student at Culleoka High School, by another student. He denies the claim, saying that they are friends; she is taken out of his classes February 3: Cummins is reprimanded by the school principal after Elizabeth is found to have entered his classroom for around 30 minues February 6: Cummins is suspended  c. March 9: He takes out a $4,500 loan on his car March 12: Cummins buys hair dye from Walmart in Columbia, TN March 13, 7:45am: Thomas is dropped off at Shoney's in Columbia by a friend March 13, 8am: Cummins is seen pumping gas in Columbia March 13, noon: Cummins and Elizabeth are seen together in Decatur, AL, around  70 miles from Columbia. He is fired from his job this same day March 15: Cummins and Thomas are seen buying food at a Walmart. They are sporting dyed hair. This is their last sighting for more than a month March 30: Tad Cummins' wife of 31 years, Jill, files for divorce April 19: The Tennessee Bureau of Investigation (TBI) is contacted by caretaker Griffin Barry, who says the paid is staying on his property in Cecilville, California April 20:  Police converge on the remote cabin, arrest Cummins and confirm that Elizabeth is safe Read more: Tad Cummins to return to Tennessee to face charges | Amber Alert | waaytv.com Tad Cummins' Wife: He Told Me He Slept With Teenage Student, Asked for Forgiveness Elizabeth Thomas Ate Wildflowers to Survive: Lawyer Retracing Elizabeth Thomas, Tad Cummins' steps in the California wilderness after they disappeared: Reporter's Notebook - ABC News Share or comment on this article e-mail 336 shares Most watched News videos Zoe Ball gives late boyfriend Billy Yates a kiss in London in January Model filming an underwater shoot is BITTEN by a shark in U.S Moment landlord is caught on CCTV showing someone round Seeing double: Can man spot he's chatting up identical twins Comedian says PM might have Alzheimer's after repeating herself Heart breaking moment bride surprises ill sister in hospital Brazen Australian man jumps into ocean to wrestle with SHARK King Charles III teaser trailer sees the current Prince reign Foul!: Is this the most violent football club in the world? Tear-jerking moment disabled girl is reunited with RAF father Scaredy cat! Moto the lion gets spooked by popping bubble German tourist savagely beaten and sexually assaulted in Harlem Smiling Meghan Markle applauds Prince Harry as the... 'We are sending you the biggest of hugs': Zoe Ball's... 'I refused to marry my cousin after the death of my baby... Student who installed security camera in her rented... Who was so vain? Does 'lost' fourth verse point to... Free at last! Joy as 82 kidnapped Nigerian schoolgirls... Son stabs his father to death with kitchen knife for... 'Is Charles really your dad?' BBC is accused of... Mother-of-three is attacked and killed in her home by her... Angel from hell: Nun is arrested for helping five priests... The face of luxury: First sneak peek inside Russian... Blooming lovely for the big day, Pippa? Kate's sister... Saudi women will no longer need a man's permission to... 'Private and hard to read': Melania Trump's signature... 'They're trying to murder me': Michael Jackson sent... France's would-be First Lady, 64, greets her husband... Irish police investigate Stephen Fry for BLASPHEMY after... Theresa May steps in after dead soldier's £120,000 Army... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 185 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Tom Brady enjoys his Kentucky Derby, posing with teammates, Katie Couric, quarterback Aaron Rodgers and retired Red Sox slugger David Ortiz  Let your body go with the flow! Madonna poses nude on Instagram and shares topless throwback photo of herself with a gleaming grill Suzanne Somers's extravagant Palm Springs hideaway complete with eight bedrooms, a waterfall and a RAILWAY hits the market for $14.5 million Sending temperatures soaring! Halle Berry rocks sheer ensemble while Kelly Rowland takes the plunge at VH1's Dear Mama event Star-studded event Smiling Meghan Markle applauds Prince Harry as the loved-up couple attend their FIRST ever public event together as he plays polo at exclusive Ascot club  On the town! Scott Disick and rumored new girlfriend Ella Ross spotted out at hotspot TAO on Cinco De Mayo Rumors they have become an item Family photo! Ciara posts sweet photo of the hospital bracelets she, Russell Wilson, and her son Future wore for new baby Sienna's birth Gave birth last week Doing her part! Amy Schumer keeps it casual in cropped trousers as she headlines starry cast of attendees at City Year LA nonprofit event Cool in copper! Debra Messing turns heads in shimmering off-the-shoulder jumpsuit as stars arrive for GLAAD Media Awards in New York  Lacy lady! Jessica Simpson sizzles in flirty mini dress as she hosts fashion gathering with family at her home state of Texas  Family affair Friendly exes! Naomi Watts promotes former partner Liev Schreiber's new film on Instagram... after ending their 11-year relationship Split in September Looking divine! Gwyneth Paltrow dons skirt with thigh-high split to join Hollywood royalty at UCLA Mattel Children's Hospital Gala White hot Showing some skin! Kim Zolciak showcases legs in lace dress as she hosts Kentucky Derby Hat Contest alongside husband Kroy Biermann White hot! Julianne Hough shows off svelte physique in crop top as she dances alongside brother Derek for Move Beyond tour  Brother-sister duo Giddy up! Nina Agdal and Chanel Iman flash their toned tums as they bring the beauty to Usain Bolt's Kentucky Derby bash Famed horse race She can't hide! Blac Chyna leaves little to the imagination in sheer camouflage print ensemble as she hosts pool party  Showed off her curves Cowgirl chic? Olivia Culpo wears little black dress and six inch heels to the iHeart Radio Country Music Festival The 24-year-old put on a leggy display Did Chris Rock cheat on ex-wife with Kerry Washington? Comic's 'secret six-month fling' revealed in new report Chris married Malaak in 1996 Date night! Robert Pattinson keeps things casual in beanie and blazer as he takes fiancée FKA Twigs to celebrity hot spot Craig's Another day, another bikini! Larsa Pippen flashes her bountiful curves as she posts yet another swimsuit snap She just wrapped up a tropical vacation Girls' day! Maria Shriver celebrates pal's baby shower with daughters Katherine and Christina at Jessica Beale's restaurant Au Fudge Hell for leather! Jaime King flings chic coat over lacy floral dress as she poses with husband Kyle Newman at UCLA Mattel Children's Hospital Gala Windswept! Mandy Moore bundles up in a trench coat as she battles strong breeze during day out in LA She did her best to fight against the weather Bringing the flower power! Molly Sims dazzles in rose themed gown at benefit gala...just months after welcoming third child She looked radiant Shop 'til you drop! Sofia Richie bundles up in beanie and sweatshirt as she gets in some retail therapy Spotted emerging from Barneys New York Date night! Naya Rivera, 30, and David Spade, 52, step out together for romantic dinner at Catch LA Spotted leaving a romantic dinner Still just Jenny from the block! Jennifer Lopez rocks a casual look as she heads out in New York The 47-year-old dressed and looked half her age Steamy Morning Joe hosts can't keep their hands off one another as SNL pokes fun at NBC stablemates - but Alec Baldwin only appears via phone  Paris Hilton's brother Conrad arrested for 'attempting to break into ex-girlfriend's house who had a restraining order against him' He's 23 years old A chip off the old block! Will Ferrell 'playing Jason Momoa's TV FATHER in untitled Paramount movie about sitcom stars' Playing father and son Sienna Miller joins long list of celebrities including Emma Watson to have 'X-rated photos hacked and leaked online' Latest celebrity 'There seems to be hope': Mariah Carey and Nick Cannon ignite reconciliation speculation as they continue to spend time together Daddy's little lady! Anna Nicole Smith's daughter Dannielynn attends the Kentucky Derby with Larry Birkhead On the red carpet What no bathtub? Rumer Willis covers up after THAT saucy and soapy lesbian sex scene on Empire The 28-year-old headed to the hairdressers Ariel's bear! Winter goes topless as she cuddles her teddy in bed for Snapchat selfie The 19-year-old shared a topless selfie from her bed on Friday night Scheana Marie hits the red carpet with new beau Robert Valletta... days after finalizing her divorce from Mike Shay Vanderpump Rules star stood by Valletta's side  'Tat!' Bella Thorne, 19, shows off a new smiley face tattoo after getting inked at a house party The 19-year-old shared her new smiley face tattoo on Snapchat Let's do lunch! Paris Jackson slips on colorful hoodie with ripped denim for afternoon outing Stepped out for lunch with her gal pals 'Woah, mama!' Kelly Rowland and Kristen Bell team up to host Baby2Baby Mother's Day party Kelly just wrote a book about mothering 'I have never gone back in the ex category': Flip Or Flop's Christina El Moussa says she hasn't hooked up with Tarek since calling it quits They split last year 'Friends Forever!' Jenna Fischer reunites with The Office co-star Rainn Wilson as actors take playful selfie  The Office has been off the air for four years 'I'm praying for everyone!' The Bachelor's Nick Viall speaks out about Chris Soules' deadly crash Opened up about his thoughts on Soules' recent arrest Kenny Goss admits he used to flush former lover George Michael's drugs down the toilet... and reveals intimate details about late singer's funeral Pop legend Michael's daughter Paris Jackson is 'favorite to play Madonna in big screen biopic Blonde Ambition' Biopic of her life set in 1980s New York 'I didn't shave my legs!': Carmen Electra was unaware she would be wearing a swimsuit during her Baywatch audition Awkward moment 'Shame on You for Promoting!': State Department retweets post marketing Ivanka Trump's poorly-reviewed new book then deletes it after a barrage of criticism Curves ahead! Charlotte McKinney flaunts her ample cleavage in low-cut mini dress for Las Vegas pool party The Baywatch babe A little too out of hand! Bill Maher accused of crossing the line with tasteless incest joke about Ivanka Trump About Ivanka Trump's relationship with Donald 'He loves the theme songs to Rocky and Dallas': Former NBA star Dennis Rodman says his friend Kim Jong-un 'doesn't want to bomb anyone' 'I feel a little responsible!' Gisele Bundchen jokes that her meditating helped Tom Brady win the Super Bowl Greatest comeback in Super Bowl history 'I respect ALL artists who speak the truth': Miley defends controversial hip-hop comments after online backlash Bites back 'They're trying to murder me': Michael Jackson sent chilling letters predicting that he would soon be killed to a friend just weeks before his death  She's a cool mom! Reese Witherspoon goes casual in floral top and flared jeans while out with lookalike daughter Ava and son Tennessee in LA At last! Mick Jagger falls for a fellow wrinkly - but the star's love for a 750-year-old tree could land him in trouble with Special Branch Bucks the trend 'Mummy and me'! Harper cuddles up to Victoria Beckham wearing matching dressing gowns in heartwarming mother and daughter snap It runs in the family! Lisa Rinna looks lovely in black lace while joined by daughters Delilah and Amelia at Race To Erase MS Gala She is 53 Making Kourtney jealous? Scott Disick steps out in LA with rumoured new girlfriend Ella Ross... after being left 'devastated' by pictures of his ex out with toyboy  Blooming lovely for the big day, Pippa? Kate's sister checks out the flowers being prepared for her wedding  The bride-to-be had a box of flowers delivered  Up in arms! Sofia Vergara links with Joe Manganiello as they take a stroll... after slamming cheating rumors The actress showed off her famous curves in fitted skinny jeans  'Is Charles really your dad?' BBC is accused of inflicting 'deliberate pain' with 'salacious' paternity slur against Prince Harry in controversial TV show Titanic generosity! Leonardo DiCaprio hides under his hat as he supports old pal Sean Penn at charity dinner He's an outspoken activist   'You can't sit with us!' Lindsay Lohan relives her Mean Girls days in jacket bearing famous phrase Her satin black jacket sported the phrase 'Private and hard to read': Melania Trump's signature reveals she is a 'sharp and fast thinker' but did she get some help to make it look just like Donald's? Warning: How Jennifer Aniston's 'no-scapel facelift' puts you at risk of looking OLDER  Non-invasive 'facelift' procedure Ultherapy has won celebrity plaudits  The Human Ken Doll Rodrigo Alves goes sightseeing in Delhi... as he prepares for 58th cosmetic surgery to alter his eye color It's a risky operation Rugged Tom Hardy shows off his muscular frame in a low-key look as he attends Audi Polo Challenge at Ascot Looking handsome in a truckers hat and green t-shirt  Bare beauty! Ashley Graham goes completely NUDE as she shares a series of racy Instagram shots She's never shy about displaying her bombshell body Instagram snap lands Alice Eve in race row: Cyber trolls upbraid Star Trek actress for 'culturally appropriating' corn row hair Controversy 'He's against everything I stand for': Ellen DeGeneres says Donald Trump is not welcome on her talk show   The popular host 'Their resilience is so inspiring': Priyanka Chopra meets kids in Zimbabwe in her role as UNICEF goodwill ambassador... as she speaks out against child sexual violence American Idol has 'closed deal' with ABC... as Ryan Seacrest is likely set to host The Disney-owned network is set to make the announcement 'The view is good up here': Kate's half-sister Lottie Moss sets pulses racing by showing off her pert derriere in TINY thong bikini as she poses against Tokyo skyline Ed Sheeran reveals how Eminem cured his stammer - and the despair that nearly made him quit pop music to work in a shop  Revealed his struggle 'I saw Philip the snarling tiger in close quarters and he's the last of a rare species': ANDREW MARR on the Duke of Edinburgh  Announced his retirement Christmas came early! Uma Thurman wraps up in a Santa suit while shooting War With Grandpa She started her career as a model Clockstopping good looks! Salma Hayek, 50, wishes George Clooney a happy 56th birthday with throwback photo of the pair with Will Smith Posted a vintage picture  'If you don't like him change the channel:' Fox News anchor Sean Hannity defends Stephen Colbert's controversial Donald Trump joke The Lord is your (house hunting) shepherd! Scott Disick to host new house-flipping show executive produced by Kris Jenner Teaming up Clint Eastwood's daughter Francesca teases a look at her incredibly taut torso... as she steals the show while out with her famous father at their annual family fundraiser Peru Two drugs mule Michaella McCollum is pictured with her $3,000 Chanel bag after returning from her Spanish holiday - just days after being spotted outside the job center Who was so vain? Does 'lost' fourth verse point to crack-smoking English womaniser who broke Carly Simon's heart as the song's mystery man?  'Think Thin is not a slogan we need associated with a fierce warrior': Outrage over Wonder Woman's cross promotion with diet products 'Everything is fake except my cheeks!' Chrissy Teigen admits she has had extensive plastic surgery - including liposuction to get rid of her ARMPIT fat 'I would have charged more!' Emma Roberts sells Hollywood estate to Sarah Paulson... who finds a hidden pool during renovations 'So much more' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Jude Law's ex Catherine Harding displays her curves in a tiny white bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados Showing off her curves Double take! Ireland Baldwin smolders as she channels mom Kim Basinger in 9 1/2 Weeks She wasn't even born when her mother starred in the film 91/2 Weeks Film moguls told Chaplin: Drop the name, silly walks and moustache in newly discovered message from Universal studio  What Hollywood executives told the actor 'Auntie Koko loves you!' Khloe Kardashian enjoys a cuddle session with brother Rob's daughter Dream The 32-year-old enjoyed some bonding time  Sheer genius! Joanna Krupa takes the plunge in flirty dress with peek-a-boo panels She works hard for her world-class figure and loves to flaunt it Lindsay Lohan wraps up warm as she dines out in Mayfair with a male friend... after judge orders her to pay $28,000 to a former chauffeur Sealed with a kiss! Amber Rose shares provocative throwback video of her making out with Amy Schumer at the MTV Movie Awards Two years ago  Orange is the new black! Laura Haddock takes the plunge in dramatic tangerine dress as she enjoys the polo at Ascot All eyes were on her The online pop group that's putting Rihanna in the shade: The Zeamus launch antidote to raunchy online videos  Aimed at elementary school children He's on the list for this one! Eddie Redmayne is joined by wife Hannah Bagshawe at the polo... days after being turned away from Rihanna's Met Gala after-party Irish police investigate Stephen Fry for BLASPHEMY after he called God 'capricious, mean-minded and stupid' on TV Irish police probe That's one for the blooper reel! Bradley Cooper takes an awkward tumble... while Lady Gaga nurses her hand with an ice-pack on the set of A Star Is Born Appearance of Princess Diana's GHOST in controversial royal drama King Charles III 'will be agonising for Wills and Harry' warned star before he died Has Chloe found her coven? Olivia Newton-John's daughter posts group TOPLESS photo on social media after bizarrely claiming to be a WITCH Never out of bloom! Dame Helen Mirren, 71, stuns in vase-inspired floral dress as she visits haunted house after completing work on a new supernatural thriller She's sizzling hot! Victoria's Secret model Georgia Fowler flaunts her enviable physique in sun-kissed selfie during Mexico photoshoot  She's an angel 'Someone's getting a smack!' Lennon Gallagher is teased by brother Gene for wearing a Blur T-shirt... despite Oasis star dad Liam's fierce Britpop rivalry with the band Brave and beautiful: Jamie-Lynn Sigler wipes away her tears as she gets emotional while being honored at MS fundraiser The 35-year-old actress She's got specs appeal! Model Shanina Shaik stuns in sexy tortoiseshell glasses as she reveals she has been 'practicing script' for mystery project EXCLUSIVE: 'They went back and forth having sex, screaming yelling, having sex.' This is the college professor who Barack Obama loved and lost They're lovebirds! Kris Jenner can't stop smiling as she snuggles up to beau Corey Gamble at Race to Erase MS Gala The picture of happiness No wonder Scott's jealous! Braless Kourtney Kardashian shows off her incredible figure in a clinging tank top Dating Younes Bendjima Make-up free Alessandra Ambrosio reveals her clear complexion as she steps out in ripped jeans for lunch date with pals Model behavior 'We are sending you the biggest of hugs': Zoe Ball's radio stand-in says station is behind star after her partner, 40, is found hanged  Ex-wife of DJ Fat Boy slim  Justin Bieber looks in high spirits while chatting to a mystery bikini-clad beauty as he hits the pool during his day off in Dubai Set fans' pulses racing  So in love! Bachelor star Nick Viall cosies up to fiancee Vanessa Grimaldi at Beverly Hills gala The Bachelor reality TV personality Heavily pregnant Beyonce celebrates Cinco de Mayo as she emerges from restaurant in giant sombrero and maraca in-hand  All that glitters! Paris Hilton looks sensational in a glitzy floor-length dress... as she puts on a very loved-up display with her boyfriend Chris Zylka Heaven on earth! Miranda Kerr cuts angelic figure in chic white mini dress at watch launch event Thee Panthere De Cartier watch launch  Owen and Luke Wilson's TV executive father Robert, who brought Monty Python to the USA, dies aged 75 after a long battle with Alzheimer's      DON'T MISS Ivanka Trump balances baby Theodore on her hip as she and her family arrive in New York on Air Force One - before jetting off again on Marine One for a weekend away Charlie Sheen 'suffered borderline dementia from his old HIV drugs' - that he says was cured by new drug in a clinical trial Symptoms disappeared Brokenhearted but still smiling! Jennifer Garner beams as she gets a workout in while wearing a symbolic sweater   Could not stop smiling Tom Brady and the Patriots stars fly to the Kentucky Derby on a private jet and meet up with Aaron Rodgers They traveled to the derby in style Flashing the flesh! Kim Kardashian celebrates Cinco De Mayo with mom and sisters in plunging top... but Kanye West is nowhere to be seen As Australian as a two dollar bill! Wolverine star Hugh Jackman gets handed rare currency as he enjoys a baseball game in New York Taking to Instagram  Jealous! Scott Disick is 'devastated' after seeing Kourtney Kardashian with hunky beau Younes because 'he thought she wanted to reconcile' They have three kids Back on set! Jessica Alba dons fake baby bump and powder blue dress to shoot scene for latest project She returned to her acting roots  Dakota Johnson cuts a chic and sophisticated figure in an understated black dress as she steps out for star-studded Cartier launch in LA Fabulous in florals! Newlywed Samira Wiley rocks off-the-shoulder dress at OITNB screening...a month after tying the knot to a writer on the show Leggy display! Laverne Cox dazzles in two-tone drop-hem mini-dress at Orange Is The New Black screening She portrays Sophia Burset in the Netflix series New dad Liam Payne celebrates fatherhood as he hits the town for a night out with pals... after revealing his baby son has been named BEAR Nazi troops march down street of quiet north Devon town (don't panic though, it's only for a Lily James movie)  The Downton Abbey actress Bye bye baby! Casual Liv Tyler dresses down in a polo neck as she leaves son Sailor, two, and fiancé David Gardner to go to work Looking relaxed Ritzy night out! Lily Collins displays toned legs in high-low dress at Cartier watch launch When it comes to beauty, she has an Old Hollywood vibe Poppy Delevingne flashes her cleavage in daring red trouser suit as she puts on a ravishing display at star-studded watch launch in Los Angeles 'Mate, what the hell?' Niall Horan pranks an impersonator devoted to One Direction star during live appearance on British breakfast radio show Hot wheels! Aquaman star Jason Momoa takes customized all-terrain bike for spin... before grabbing a coffee with trainer Mada Abdelhamid Country music icon Loretta Lynn recovering in hospital after suffering from a stroke at home in Tennessee Recently celebrated her 85th birthday Simply stunning! Sienna Miller gleams in silky silver tank top and trousers as she leads the stars at watch launch Showstopper Cool customer! Alexander Skarsgard puts sculpted arms on display as he steps out in white top and blue jeans Spotted in New York Sparkle and shine! Naya Rivera dazzles in sequin tiered gown at Race to Erase MS Gala She sparkled in a tiered, gray gown, adorned with silver sequins Back to the production line! Lara Bingle dons a hairnet and high-vis jacket as she visits The Base's Sydney factory to test new products  Married to Sam Worthington Stylish singer! Troye Sivan dons ripped skinny jeans and a camel coat at the Panthere de Cartier watch launch in Los Angeles If you've got it! Khloe Kardashian shows off her revenge body in skin tight blue jeans as she steps out on Cinco de Mayo She looked stunning Fashion runs in the family! Gigi Hadid steps out arm-in-arm with father Mohamed as they match in leather for dinner in New York Dinner with dad Puppy love! Natural beauty Gisele Bundchen cuddles up to a litter of pooches during her appearance on The Tonight Show Adorable moment Stephen Colbert under FCC scrutiny after 'homophobic' joke about Donald Trump and Putin FCC Chairman Ajit Pai said the agency has received complaints Kylie Jenner shows off her natural hair after ditching the wig... as she gives fans a look at new glam room Most of it was wound in a bun Spreading the love! Courteney Cox keeps her cool in heart-themed top as she heads to Jimmy Kimmel Live! Carried a designer black purse Nailed it! Ashley Greene gets herself a Beverly Hills pedicure and steps out in a chic colorful ensemble Spotted enjoying some pampering What happened to girl code? Amber Rose sexily gets up close and personal with Blac Chyna's ex Future in his new music video for single Mask Off  Are these Britain's most successful PRE-TEENS? UK answer to smash hit US pop group launches with 'child-friendly' versions of chart hits  Biker chic! Sofia Richie dons Harley-Davidson hoodie with pageboy cap as she heads out in Beverly Hills 18-year-old daughter of Lionel Richie Life of luxury! Christina El Moussa enjoys shopping and champagne before driving home from Rodeo Drive in her Bentley Revenge of the Nerds star Robert Carradine admits being in a psychotic state during crash but claims wife is to blame for cutting off his bipolar medication Mirror, mirror! Jourdan Dunn showcases envy-inducing physique in plunging bathing suit as she admires reflection in bathroom Flaunting her figure Top of the crops! Ariel Winter shows off bare midriff in grey tank during grocery run with beau Levi Meaden Stepped out in her native Los Angeles Paris Jackson, 19, and godfather Macaulay Culkin, 36, enjoy night at Harlem jazz club 'until 4am'... before she's 'named new face of Calvin Klein' Fabulously fit! Chloe Grace Moretz shows off her slim figure in workout clothes as she steps out for lunch She's spent time getting into shape lately New gig! Kristin Cavallari's husband Jay Cutler takes broadcasting job with Fox Sports For the upcoming NFL season Deal is 'in place' for American Idol to find new home at ABC...but Fox 'isn't giving up hope for a homecoming' Revival appears more imminent than ever Mark Hamill surprises Star Wars superfan Adam Scott on Kimmel... and apologizes for snubbing his second birthday party Finally apologized Sporty and chic! Hailey Baldwin wraps up in track suit as Bella Hadid rocks designer wear for outing in New York The famous pals were spotted in NYC  Bound to be the butt of a few jokes! Liam Hemsworth goes for a surf in Malibu before a wipeout sees him take a big spill on his rugged rump Kim Kardashian reveals VERY pricey new kids line and boasts Kanye drew the logo... but rapper mysteriously deletes social media on day it goes on sale Kristin Cavallari's husband Jay Cutler becomes the second quarterback in the off-season to make the transition to TV as he joins Fox's team Bachelorette party gone wrong! Scarlett Johansson stars as bride-to-be whose bash goes terribly wrong in new trailer for Rough Night  Wild thing! Dakota Johnson bundles up in animal print coat as she jets back into LA The 27-year-old actress took a walk on the wild side 'That's a wrap!' Lady Gaga shows off her natural beauty as she films A Star Is Born Let her natural beauty shine through in a minimal make-up selfie All that glitters! Naomi Campbell dazzles in a sequinned fishtail gown as she attends Haiti charity dinner in New York 46-year-old supermodel Fuller House alert! Lori Loughlin and John Stamos rock matching sunglasses as they step out for lunch They are happy to be friends Thigh's the limit! Hailey Baldwin steps out in outrageous black PVC boots and long funky sweatshirt for outing in New York Killer heels 'We don't feel pressure': The Bachelorette's Kaitlyn Bristowe and Shawn Booth celebrate 'Longest Engagement Ever' Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell share the secrets to their 30 year love story They got together on the set of their 1983 movie Swing State PLATELL'S PEOPLE: Wills needs a lesson in duty from his grandad Prince Philip's children and grandchildren must now step up to the plate. Particularly William Today's headlines Most Read Two Boston doctors engaged to one another have their throats slit in their $1.9million penthouse by... Trump is pictured on the golf course AGAIN after insisting trip to Bedminster was to save taxpayers money Kushner family 'hopes to lure wealthy Chinese investors to the US if they invest $500,000 in their... 'What motive would I have?' Manhattan 'party boy' accused of killing Hofstra graduate claims his... Boy, 15, is shot dead by San Diego police after he pointed a BB gun at them in a high school parking lot 'We are not ready to make a martyr of our son': Funeral is held for 15-year-old shot dead by Dallas cop now... Bobsledding star who won three Olympic medals after beating a disease that nearly robbed him of his eyesight... Race favorite Always Dreaming wins 143rd Kentucky Derby at a canter on a soggy track in front of a... One-eyed wonder horse called Patch loses the Kentucky Derby after winning the crowd's heart and becoming a... Daddy's little lady! Anna Nicole Smith's daughter Dannielynn attends the Kentucky Derby with Larry Birkhead Tom Brady enjoys his Kentucky Derby, posing with teammates, Katie Couric, quarterback Aaron Rodgers and... 'They're trying to murder me': Michael Jackson sent chilling letters predicting that he would soon be killed... 'Think Thin is not a slogan we need associated with a fierce warrior': Outrage over Wonder Woman's cross... All aboard! Suzanne Somers's extravagant Palm Springs hideaway complete with eight bedrooms, a waterfall and... 'Is Charles really your dad?' BBC is accused of inflicting 'deliberate pain' with 'salacious' paternity slur... Never remember a face? Study says you must have been a tiny baby as it links birth weight to impairments in... Mother-of-three is attacked and killed in her home by her 'beloved' South African Mastiff Sienna Miller joins long list of celebrities including Emma Watson to have 'X-rated photos hacked and leaked... Hate your wife's friends? You're twice as likely to split - but women do not have to approve of their... Real Time host Bill Maher is accused of crossing the line with tasteless incest joke about Ivanka Trump Was Trump trying to establish a back-channel to Putin through Michael Flynn? How transition team's request... 'Shame on you for promoting!': State Department retweets post marketing Ivanka Trump’s poorly-reviewed new... 'Mika mouse, you're being a little stinker!' Steamy Morning Joe hosts can't keep their hands off one another... Billionaire Warren Buffett calls Obamacare replacement 'a huge tax cut for guys like me' and says healthcare... Trump could slash budget for the office controlling illegal drug use by 95 PER CENT following campaign... 'Repeal and go f*** yourself': House Speaker Paul Ryan is unwittingly trolled by man posing for a picture at... 'Private and hard to read': Melania Trump's signature reveals she is a 'sharp and fast thinker' but did she... Did Obama illegally wiretap Rand Paul? Kentucky senator requests information on whether former president... Paris Hilton's brother Conrad arrested for 'attempting to break into ex-girlfriend's house who had a... MORE HEADLINES Smiling Meghan Markle applauds Prince Harry as the loved-up couple attend their FIRST ever public event together as he plays polo at exclusive Ascot club in front of star-packed crowd Who was so vain? Does 'lost' fourth verse point to crack-smoking English womaniser who broke Carly Simon's heart as the song's mystery man?  Two Boston doctors engaged to one another have their throats slit in their $1.9million penthouse by ex-convict, 30, who wrote a message of retribution on the wall before being shot by cops 'Private and hard to read': Melania Trump's signature reveals she is a 'sharp and fast thinker' but did she get some help to make it look just like Donald's? Mother-of-three is attacked and killed in her home by her 'beloved' South African Mastiff Race favorite Always Dreaming wins 143rd Kentucky Derby at a canter on a soggy track in front of a celebrity-packed crowd of more than 158,000 'Is Charles really your dad?' BBC is accused of inflicting 'deliberate pain' with 'salacious' paternity slur against Prince Harry in controversial TV show Hard day? The Mets tweet a photo of T.J. Rivera that accidentally shows a large sex toy in the locker behind him 'He loves the theme songs to Rocky and Dallas so much a live band played the two tunes for four HOURS': Former NBA star Dennis Rodman says karaoke-loving 'average Joe' Kim Jong-un 'doesn't want to bomb anyone' Leaked drone footage reveals fishing boats and vacationers on jet-skiers in Florida are being used as 'dummy targets' by the US military Real Time host Bill Maher is accused of crossing the line with tasteless incest joke about Ivanka Trump France's would-be First Lady, 64, greets her husband Emmanuel Macron's supporters as election bosses battle to stop massive data leak blamed on the Russians from torpedoing presidential battle with Le Pen  'They're trying to murder me': Michael Jackson sent chilling letters predicting that he would soon be killed to a friend just weeks before his death  Free at last! Joy as 82 kidnapped Nigerian schoolgirls are reunited with their families - THREE YEARS after being abducted by Boko Haram jihadists  Angel from hell: Nun is arrested for helping five priests 'sexually abuse' dozens of deaf children at Argentinian Catholic school after victim said she made her wear a diaper to cover up horrific injuries Married Michigan mother, 38, who 'had sex up to 15 times' with 14-year-old boy will go to trial next month on 13 charges of criminal sexual conduct Irish police investigate Stephen Fry for BLASPHEMY after he called God 'capricious, mean-minded and stupid' on TV Blooming lovely for the big day, Pippa? Kate's sister checks out the flowers being prepared for her wedding  Double trouble: Would you notice if your date switched place with a TWIN? Our experiment proves you may not pay as much attention to people as you think  Going to pot: Trump signs $1trillion spending bill safeguarding medical marijuana but then warns he may CRACK DOWN on the 29 states where it is legal Suspect detained in double murder in Belize is the 'best friend' of 52-year-old Canadian victim found dead in a sugar cane field with her US marine vet boyfriend One-eyed wonder horse called Patch loses the Kentucky Derby after winning the crowd's heart and becoming a sentimental favorite Appearance of Princess Diana's GHOST in controversial royal drama King Charles III 'will be agonising for Wills and Harry' warned star before he died 'Shame on you for promoting!': State Department retweets post marketing Ivanka Trump’s poorly-reviewed new book then deletes it after a barrage of criticism The face of luxury: First sneak peek inside Russian oligarch's £360million Super Yacht A shows chair in the shape of a giant HEAD 'We are sending you the biggest of hugs': Zoe Ball's Radio 2 stand-in Kate Thornton says station is behind star after her partner, 40, is found hanged  Angry Merkel slaps down Juncker for inflaming Brexit talks after claiming Theresa May is 'in another galaxy'  Student who installed security camera in her rented bedroom is left shocked when she 'catches landlord on CCTV sneaking in to show around new tenant while she was out for coffee' Tom Brady enjoys his Kentucky Derby, posing with teammates, Katie Couric, quarterback Aaron Rodgers and retired Red Sox slugger David Ortiz  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Consumer May 5, 2017 9:05 pm Updated: May 6, 2017 12:16 pm Arizona woman finds note from ‘Chinese prisoner’ in Walmart purse By Rahul Kalvapallé National Online Journalist  Global News WATCH: Arizona woman speaks about ‘Chinese prisoner’ note found in Walmart purse. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen An Arizona woman made a harrowing discovery when she opened the zipper pouch of a purse she purchased from Walmart — what appeared to be a note written by a stricken Chinese prison labourer. Story continues below Christel Wallace of Sierra Vista, Arizona found the note in the purse she bought for her daughter-in-law Laura Wallace, KVOA reports. READ MORE: Rana Plaza disaster: Canadian Tire, other major brands urged to fully report supply chains The note, which Laura shared on Facebook, claims to be a cry for help from an inmate languishing in Yingshan Prison in Guangxi, China, according to this translation provided by the Huffington Post: “Inmates in the Yingshan Prison in Guangxi, China are working 14 hours daily with no break/rest at noon, continue working overtime until 12 midnight, and whoever doesn’t finish his work will be beaten. Their meals are without oil and salt. Every month, the boss pays the inmate 2000 yuan [about $290], any additional dishes will be finished by the police. If the inmates are sick and need medicine, the cost will be deducted from the salary. Being a prisoner in China is even worse than being a horse, cow, sheep, pig or dog in the U.S.” The authenticity of the note hasn’t been verified. Walmart’s supplier standards state that all labour involved in producing and supplying products for sale at its stores must be voluntary. A spokesperson told KVOA that the retail giant is unable to comment on the note “because we have no way to verify the origin of the letter.” READ MORE: U.S. bans import of goods produced by slave labour Laura Wallace told KVOA that she hopes the note will help raise awareness about working conditions in penal labour camps. “I don’t want this to be an attack on any store… That’s not the answer,” she said. “This is happening at all kinds of places and people just probably don’t know.” © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Report an error China chinese Chinese Prison Chinese prisoner note labour camp Prison Prison Labour prison labourer purse Walmart Walmart purse Walmart purse note Walmart supply chain Editor's Picks Lifestyle The couples who found love on an app destined for casual hook-ups Canada Marijuana will be legal, but for many activists the fight isn't over Canada Why Canada wins, but many Torontonians lose, from Ontario's new housing measures Canada Inside Canada's flexible work economy. Who's the real winner here? Canada Analysis: Canada’s Charter remains a flawed document that no politician dares try to fix Canada Could you handle a 33 per cent interest-rate hike on your debt? If not, start paying it off now Canada Analysis: On the eve of Malala visit, it’s clear we could use more feminist prime ministers FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now SNL mocks engaged 'Morning Joe' co-hosts as Alec Baldwin's Trump calls into show 23981 85-year-old man dies trying to regain title of oldest person to scale Mount Everest 5339 This wedding photo is so beautiful, even the photographer cried 2899 Arizona woman finds note from 'Chinese prisoner' in Walmart purse 2172 Stephen Colbert in hot water with FCC over 'homophobic' Trump joke 2146 Sponsored content Popular Videos Alec Baldwin plays dual role on SNL’s take of ‘the O’Reilly Factor’ WATCH NOW Alec Baldwin back as Donald Trump in ‘SNL’ to ‘junk’ tough questions at town hall WATCH NOW B.C. fisherman catches rare sturgeon WATCH NOW Florida man arrested after being identified as administrator of world’s largest child porn site WATCH NOW Alec Baldwin’s Trump plays ‘Apprentice’ with Jimmy Fallon’s Jared Kushner and Steve Bannon WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Hamilton Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us @ Newsletter Youtube Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
null
News Opinion Sports Entertainment 49° Full Menu 49° Home Customer Service Customer Service About Us Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Newspaper in Education Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Business Crime Databases Death Notices Education Local News Military News Obituaries Politics & Government State Traffic Watchdog Weather Opinion Opinion Cartoons Editorials Letters to the Editor Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Sports Sports College High School Preps Stats Mariners Seahawks Sounders UW Huskies Politics Politics Living Living Announcements Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Travel Entertainment Entertainment Arts & Culture Comics Puzzles & Games Events Calendar Horoscopes Movies Restaurants Outdoors Outdoors Fishing Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:27 New Tumwater UPS store delivers multiple services Pause 1:26 Lacey Spring Fair is full of family fun 0:38 Downed power lines trap motorist after Lacey lightning storm 0:48 New class of State Patrol troopers sworn in 1:25 Tenino home destroyed by falling tree 0:38 Condon Cougars still hopeful for state berth after district loss to Mountain View 3:08 "It would be a disservice to our students." Principal opposes bill to end standardized testing 3:05 News conference about incident at Hawkins Middle School 2:09 U.F.O.s: What does the government know? 2:19 Violent Wind Storm Leaves Lacey Broken Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Jack Graham has opened a UPS store franchise at 5729 Littlerock Road in Tumwater and offers a variety of services including shipping, printing and private mailboxes. Steve Bloom sbloom@theolympian.com Business May 06, 2017 2:24 PM Business owner feels right at home in Tumwater By Rolf Boone rboone@theolympian.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story In some ways, the decision to open a UPS store in Tumwater is kind of a homecoming for franchise owner Jack Graham. Graham grew up in Port Angeles and once lived in Puyallup, so what’s the connection to Tumwater? Years ago he spent his summers working at the Tyee Motor Inn, a once-popular Tumwater destination for lawmakers. It was known for hosting large, convention-style gatherings. Graham said he remains forever impressed to have once seen 600 people seated for dinner. That was in 1979 and 1980, after which Graham completed his degree in hotel administration at Washington State University in 1982. From there, Graham pursued his chosen career: He worked for a hotel in Des Moines; he worked as an assistant general manager and general manager at Godfather’s Pizza; he worked for a McDonald’s food distributor; he managed a Starbucks. He later had the opportunity to become a franchise owner of a UPS store in Redmond and stuck with it, enjoying the connections he made with customers. But he also had a girlfriend in Lewis County, and the Redmond to Chehalis commute was a doozy, he said. He finally decided to move closer by selling his UPS store and his condominium, and now he lives in Curtis, Lewis County. The store location works well because it’s in the heart of Tumwater’s retail core, he said. It has the right traffic count, and it’s across from Costco, Walmart and Fred Meyer. After that, it’s up to Graham and his employees to offer the best customer service. Graham said he learned that from his father, a former bank president of First Federal Savings and Loan in Port Angeles. “Your word is your bond,” said Graham, 57. Among his services: domestic and international shipping, wide-format printing, packaging, and mailbox and postal services. He also rents mailboxes that will have 24/7 access once he gets the security gate in place. It’s a UPS store, so UPS trucks stop by twice a day for air and ground shipping. The U.S. Postal Service visits daily as well. There are more than 4,000 UPS store locations throughout the U.S., and the company is based in San Diego, he said. As a franchise owner, Graham said, “you work for yourself, but not by yourself,” citing the support he gets from the company. Still, opening a franchise or any small business requires a significant investment. “You put it all on the table,” Graham said. Rolf Boone: 360-754-5403, @rolf_boone The UPS Store Tumwater ▪ Owner: Jack Graham. ▪ Location: 5729 Littlerock Road SW, No. 107, Tumwater ▪ Years in business: New. Store opened April 19. ▪ Type of business: Offers a variety of services tied to shipping, packing, copying and mailing. ▪ Employees: Two, with plans to add staff. ▪ Online: tinyurl.com/Tumwater-UPS. ▪ Hours: 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. Mondays through Fridays and 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturdays. ▪ Did you know? Jack Graham owned a UPS store in Redmond for six years before he sold the business and bought the Tumwater location. “I’m looking forward to making some new friends,” he said. Jack Graham has opened a UPS store at 5729 Littlerock Road in Tumwater and offers a variety of services including shipping, printing and private mailboxes. Steve Bloom sbloom@theolympian.com Jack Graham has opened a UPS store at 5729 Littlerock Road in Tumwater and offers a variety of services including shipping, printing and personal mailboxes. Steve Bloom sbloom@theolympian.com 1 of 2 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:27 New Tumwater UPS store delivers multiple services Pause 1:26 Lacey Spring Fair is full of family fun 0:38 Downed power lines trap motorist after Lacey lightning storm 0:48 New class of State Patrol troopers sworn in 1:25 Tenino home destroyed by falling tree 0:38 Condon Cougars still hopeful for state berth after district loss to Mountain View 3:08 "It would be a disservice to our students." Principal opposes bill to end standardized testing 3:05 News conference about incident at Hawkins Middle School 2:09 U.F.O.s: What does the government know? 2:19 Violent Wind Storm Leaves Lacey Broken Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 11 hours ago New Tumwater UPS store delivers multiple services 1:27 11 hours ago New Tumwater UPS store delivers multiple services 2:23 10 days ago Cafe 186 Opens at Olympia Elks Lodge 1:31 14 days ago Tuned In Academy hits the right note with new expanded studio View More Video Business Amazon tries out a radical new concept — a brick-and-mortar bookstore French cybersecurity agency to probe Macron hacking attack French watchdog: large amount of Macron data leaked S. Koreans want new leader to create jobs minus corruption Crumbling roads and bridges bring higher taxes and fees Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store RSS Feeds Contests Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Submit a Photo Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
× Get WND's mobile app for free. Simply tap the button below, and choose "Add to Home Screen" The mobile shortcut will then be added as an icon on your home screen. Press your menu button and find the option to bookmark this page (a star icon for some browsers). Then choose the option to add this bookmark to your home screen. APP Frontpage   |  Subscribe   |  ADVERTISE WITH US Follow Frontpage Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education WND TV WND TV Exclusive The Underground IT'S SUPERNATURAL! with Sid Roth The Glazov Gang Focus on Israel with Laurie Cardoza-Moore Survival Tips with Manny Edwards The Watchers Just The Facts with Richard Rives The Heavens Declare with David Rives Opinion Commentary Email to the Editor Cartoons Commentator Lineup Money Market Overview Sectors Stocks Mutual Funds & ETF's Currencies Diversions TV Guide MovieGuide Reviews Joke of the Day Superstore Books Video Magazines Desktop & Journals Home Bath & Body Accessories & Jewelry Health Preparedness Christmas Patriotic Homeschool Games & Puzzles Gift Wrap Donations WND EXCLUSIVE Unraveling the stunning prophecy in the New Testament A queen, prostitute and cold-blooded killer riding a beast with 7 heads Published: 4 hours ago Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print “Mystery Babylon: Unlocking the Bible’s Greatest Prophetic Mystery” is an in-depth look at the prophecy of Revelation 17 and 18. Now bestselling author Joel Richardson dissects the longest prophecy in the New Testament to make sense of its deeply elusive and profoundly controversial passages. At once a queen, a prostitute and a cold-blooded killer, the great harlot in the prophecy waves a golden cup filled with blood. Adorned in purple, scarlet, gold and precious stones, she seduces the kings of the earth with luxury. Most commonly known is that she rides a beast with seven heads and 10 horns. Her title is Mystery, Babylon the Great, the mother of all harlots and of the abominations of the earth. From the early days of Christianity, believers have struggled to understand the mystery of the great harlot. Scholars and students alike have arrived at many different conclusions. Richardson’s “Mystery Babylon” has been praised by CBN’s Chris Mitchell, who said “best-selling author Joel Richardson connects the geo-political and prophetic dots and presents a compelling, straightforward, and redemptive case for one of the Bible’s most enigmatic prophecies.” “If you want to understand the times like the Sons of Issachar, I heartily recommend Joel’s latest excellent work!” In his characteristically easy-to-understand style, Richardson works through the history of Christian interpretation of Mystery Babylon, weighing the strengths and weaknesses of each view, making a powerful case for an interpretation that will rock the prophecy world. Divided into three parts, Richardson exposits Scripture in part 1, examines the more common positions in part 2 and invites the reader to a powerful conclusion in part 3. Keep both your Bible and your mind open as you read this book not simply with an intellectual curiosity, but with much prayer and a truly contrite and trusting heart, believing indeed that the Lord will open up his secrets to all “those who fear Him” (Ps. 25:14). Tom Horn, best-selling author and CEO of SkyWatch TV, praises “Mystery Babylon.” “Once again, Joel Richardson has shaken the foundations of the prophecy world and just about everything we thought we knew about Mystery Babylon. This highly original and thought-provoking book just may provide the solution to this age-old mystery that we’ve been searching out for millennia.” Richardson is the author of the New York Times bestseller “Islamic Antichrist: The Shocking Truth About the Real Nature of the Beast.” He also wrote “Mideast Beast” and “When a Jew Rules the World,” and is the director of the WND Films documentaries “End Times Eyewitness” and “Global Jesus Revolution.” He is an internationally recognized expert on biblical prophecy, the Middle East and Islam, and is a human rights activist and a commentator for WND. Save $21, get “Mystery Babylon: Unlocking the Bible’s Greatest Prophetic Mystery” for only $4.95! We’ve been listening to you! And your message is clear. More and more of our eight million monthly visitors to WND have been telling us the same thing. “We love WND,” they say. “But can I pay to get your content without being bombarded by advertising and putting up with loads times on audio and video spots?” We have answered the call. The product is called WND Weekly– and, that’s right, it contains no ads, just a very reasonable annual subscription cost. Each week, all the original content from WND.com is collected, repackaged with spectacular designs and beautifully illustrated, and delivered to your computer, tablet, or phone for you to read, browse, check out, examine, inspect, peruse, pore over, scan, search, skim, study, AND KEEP FOREVER … absolutely ad-free! Print it, save it, or share it. And each weekly issue costs less than a song on iTunes, a new razor from a monthly shave club, five 4×6 photo prints at Walmart, an ATM fee, a souvenir penny, a cheap beer, a junior cheeseburger deluxe at Wendy’s, a slice of pizza in New York City, or even a house in Detroit (Seriously! Google it!) Whether you’re taking a Sunday drive, planning a Sunday brunch, or wearing your Sunday best, start your favorite day with a cuppa coffee and a no-nonsense, matter-of-fact, down-to-earth, nitty-gritty, nuts-and-bolts, brass-tacks, meat-and-potatoes issue of WND Weekly. Of course, when news is breaking big time – like by the minute – we still hope those who take us up on this offer will come back to WND.com to catch up. Actually, it’s not a new product. We’ve been doing it for years. But we’ve dramatically lowered the subscription cost on this weekly digital magazine delivered to your inbox to make it more affordable for everyone. We also welcome you to sample one issue FREE of all cost or obligation because we know you will love this easy, convenient, efficient way to read our news and commentary at your leisure. In an age of “fake news” being presented as fact, WND.com strives to be the best source of powerful, truthful investigative journalism you’ve come to expect from the No. 1, original pioneering independent news agency dedicated to draining the swamp of Washington, D.C., since we started publishing back in 1997. A simple-to-access and easy way to digest the news, WND Weekly is a platform for a download of the week’s worth of content when you want it and as often as you want it. Instead of constantly refreshing WND.com to see what’s the newest, breaking story, WND Weekly allows you see a beautiful presentation of the week’s hottest stories in a diligently packaged and fully illustrated manner so you can catch up on all the news in one visual production. And, did we forget to tell you, it’s ad-free? Try it now – for free. If you like what you see, pay only $29.99 for a full year of this service. NOTE: For this offer, your credit card will be charged only for the price of the items you have ordered and your free WND Weekly trial will begin. Also included with your merchandise will be your renewal notice for a one-year WND Weekly subscription. NOTE: If you want to renew, do nothing, and your credit card will be debited for the low annual renewal rate of $29.99. At any time during the year, you can cancel your new subscription for a full refund on the unused portion. To keep WND Weekly coming in future years, do nothing and we’ll renew your subscription automatically at the low prevailing rate by charging your credit or debit card. You may cancel by calling 1-800-4WNDCOM (800-496-3266) or by emailing canceltrial-WB@wnd.com. This offer is valid for credit card purchases and does not apply to purchasers of WND Weekly subscriptions in the previous 365 days as the offer’s intent is to introduce non-subscribers to the digital magazine. Order your copy “Mystery Babylon: Unlocking the Bible’s Greatest Prophetic Mystery” for only $4.95. This offer expires tonight at 10 p.m. Pacific, so order now.   Click here for reuse options! Share on Facebook Share on Twitter ShareEmail  Print Follow WND On Facebook: Twitter:Follow @worldnetdaily Contribute Contact Us Send a Link Send Corrections Send a Tip Send Photos/Videos Send comments Note: Read our discussion guidelines before commenting. WND Exclusive Commentary BETWEEN THE LINES Joseph Farah What's the most liberal city in America? Real America Patrice Lewis When God closed the door, WND opened the window MAKING POLITICS PERSONAL Carl Jackson Even socialists like nice things THE ME-GOSPEL Michael Brown The porn star who thinks she's a Christian REAL JOURNALISM Larry Klayman My salute to Joseph Farah and WND More Commentary » Deal of the Day Hottest book of 2017, 'Stealth Invasion' – $4.95 today only! World War III has begun: 'Muslim Conquest Through Immigration and Resettlement Jihad' Trial / Monthly / ANNUAL Subscribe / Gift / Renew sections WND TV Commentary Politics U.S. World Faith Health Education Money Diversions features American Minute Cartoons Reviews Email to the Editor Petitions Joke of the Day resources About WND Advertising Commentator Lineup Donate to WND News Alerts G2 Bulletin WND Superstore WND Books Whistleblower column WND Weekly Who Reads Us Who's Who at WND WND History WND Scoops Mobile WND Contact WND Advertising Inquiries Corrections Email to the Editor News Tips Testimonials Questions © Copyright 1997-2017. All Rights Reserved. WND.com. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Desktop Site Mobile Site
Obituaries Penn State Football Sports Buy & Sell 42° Full Menu 42° Home E-Edition Customer Service Customer Service Contact Us Plus E-Edition Newsletters Subscribe About Us News Local Penn State Sandusky Scandal Communities Crime Business Education Politics Public Records State Nation/World Weird News Sports Sports College Golf High School MLB Motorsports NFL NHL Outdoors Penn State State College Spikes Politics Politics Elections Penn State Sports PSU Sports PSU Football PSU Basketball PSU Baseball PSU Hockey PSU Soccer PSU Volleyball PSU Wrestling Nittany Lines Blog Penn State Football Living Living Announcements Family Pages Living Here Guide Home & Garden Entertainment Entertainment Weekender Comics Games & Puzzles Celebrities Horoscopes Movie News & Reviews Music TV Opinion Opinion Editorial Cartoons Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Cars Homes Place An Ad Veronica Gower gets emotional on Saturday as she talks about her child who died last year from a heroin overdose. Gower cherishes a photo of Jeremy as Jennyand Jeremy’s favorite hat. Abby Drey adrey@centredaily.com Local May 06, 2017 10:07 PM Her only child was about to begin a new life. Addiction took it all away By Shawn Annarelli sannarelli@centredaily.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story GREGG TOWNSHIP Jeremy and Jenny Alterio were almost exactly alike. Jeremy made friends easily with the same smile and laugh, was quick to put the happiness of others first and always seemed to know what to say when someone else needed help. He also spent his life wanting to be Jenny and had only just begun to show the world on the outside who he was on the inside. “They were the same in every way except Jenny loved playing with makeup, dressing up (and) online shopping for more feminine things,” his half-sister Taneaka Alterio said. “He/she described it best, ‘If you look at my room it’s half RuPaul, half game nerd and the rest comic nerd.’ The outside appearance was the only difference between the two.” Jeremy shocked some people in March 2016, about a month before his death. He picked a blonde wig, wore one of his favorite dresses and put on pink nail polish for a selfie and posted it to Facebook. He had opened up to a few friends and family in the years leading up to that moment, but not everyone knew. “I had no idea that she was gonna do that,” his mother, Veronica Gower, said. “She was happy. She called me (and said), ‘Mum. I’m so happy. I’m so happy,’ and I was so proud. That was the proudest moment I have of her. That took guts. That took courage. Everybody should have that same courage.” Jeremy, 30, had decided to pursue becoming a woman — just as soon as the ankle monitor was off. ———— There were some things his mom didn’t know. “I don’t think he ever wanted to disappoint me,” Gower said. Jeremy didn’t tell his mother about the ankle monitor and house arrest until he had to. He had been found guilty of driving under the influence. The situation prompted Gower to have Easter dinner at her Spring Mills home three weeks before the holiday to make sure he was included. He dressed as Jenny that day — the last time they would be together. There, he confided in his mom again about the emotional toll he was going through. The acceptance and support of many could not block out the rejection of others. “Jenny sat next to me on my couch, laid her head on my shoulder and just cried,” Gower said. “She didn’t understand how people who loved her could be so mean.” Gower didn’t know the full story until after Jeremy died April 7, 2016, in his bedroom. An ex-girlfriend, she learned, introduced heroin to him about a decade before his fentanyl-laced heroin overdose. Gower said she never knew he had an addiction, but friends and some family did. “I was preparing him for a life without me,” Gower said. “Every night that I wrote in my journal for her I wrote at the end, ‘I love my son.’ I was just gonna start writing ‘I love my daughter.’ I thought she’d know how much I loved her. I haven’t picked up that book since (she died).” ———— Jenny had a lot to look forward to in 2016 — her transformation, plans to move out of her grandma’s Bellefonte house and being in her mother’s and Taneaka’s weddings. “We were planning on her attending my wedding as my sister, Jenny,” Taneaka said. “I even got her to agree to buy a brunette wig instead of her bright blonde wig. We were so excited to see the resemblance between the two of us all dolled up together.” Jeremy told Taneaka about Jenny in 2006, but there were always signs. He secretly jammed out to TLC with Taneaka when they were children, tried on his mother’s clothes when he was a teenager and let friends put makeup on him when he was an adult. They thought the makeup was Jeremy’s way of giving everyone a good laugh, but it was an outlet for him to be Jenny, even for a few moments. “My most favorite moment is one night after work, we met up for a late night trip to Wal-Mart, since there’s not many people around late at night,” Taneaka said. “I got to help her pick out a cute outfit and some nail polish for a date she had.” Jeremy was happiest as Jenny, his mother and sister said, but some loved ones would not accept him as her. “He could hide his track marks and reasonably function when he was on some kind of high,” Taneaka said. “You can’t hide a bleach blonde wig and bright pink lipstick. He spoke very candidly to me about why. (He said), ‘Doing something, getting high, makes me not care as much about the whole trans thing. I don’t have any other way to block out how I feel and a big part of me never wanted to be like this. I don’t know if I’d rather be a normal junkie (or) a clean and sober trans person.’ ” ———— Gower has struggled with the unknown. Why did Jeremy agree to get high the first time? Why didn’t anyone tell her? Could she have persuaded him to get help? She would have tried. “When you are addicted, you are addicted,” Gower said. “Even when he presented himself as Jenny, she was still using heroin. Once it has you in its grip, there is no getting out without professional help.” Gower has dedicated herself to getting addicts professional help and making others more aware of the signs of addiction. She has sent letters to every politician, media outlet and talk show host she can think of, made a video in memory of Jeremy and joined Centre County HOPE Initiative — a local group that shares her mission. The initiative, which stands for Heroin and Opioid Education and Prevention, pits parents, former addicts, elected officials, police and local organizations against substance abuse. The group’s site lays out the facts. There have been about 60 overdose deaths since 2013 in Centre County. More than one-third of Centre County youth in sixth through 12th grade have taken “prescription drugs from a family member” in their home. Pennsylvania ranks No. 1 for overdose deaths for males ages 12 to 24. HOPE’s mission is Gower’s mission, and she has ideas about what can be done for addicts. She wants a treatment center in Bellefonte; she wants people to learn about addiction; and she wants people who are addicted to get lifelong professional help. “They need to learn how to deal with it, because it’s a lifelong battle,” she said. “Their body will crave it for the rest of their lives. They need to learn how to deal with that craving and how to fight. It’s something you can’t do on your own.” ———— There were friends who tried to stop Jeremy from using drugs. Others were addicts like him. And some still are — they could be next. “There will never be a day where we don’t have to worry about loved ones experimenting in recreational drug usage,” Taneaka said. “However, we can teach more in schools. I feel that while growing up, I learned more about drugs and sex from my friends and the internet than we did in school. ... I can’t speak for right now, but then there was very little support for LGBT kids and you learned the basics about the different drugs and ‘just say no.’ Knowledge and support, I think, are the key to the possibly finding a solution one day.” Part of the answer, Taneaka said, is also re-evaluating pain management programs. The evidence supports her — according to the American Society of Addiction Medicine, 80 percent of heroin addicts first abused prescription medication. And sometimes you have to ask, like Gower once asked Jeremy if he’d ever used drugs. But he didn’t want to disappoint her. So, he kept what masked his pain a secret. “It bothers me that Jeremy spent the majority of his life suffering in silence, not being able to be who he wanted to be, to be Jenny,” Gower said. “Because I’ll bet there are more Jennys out there. I want them to know it’s OK. I want them to know that people love you, that people will love you no matter what. What’s so hard to believe a person could be born with the wrong sex? I want people to know her. I’m proud of her, and I don’t want her to be forgotten.” Centre County LGBTA Groups ▪ Centre LGBTQA Support Network info@centrelgbtqa.org ▪ Central PA GLBT Potluck Dinners glbtpotluck@yahoo.com ▪ The Brunch Club for Gay and Bi Men info@thebrunchclub.org ▪ The Lesbian Connection TLCcentralPA@gmail.com Centre County Prevention and Treatment Providers and Counseling ▪ Centre Parents of Addicted Children Come Together 234-8222 ▪ Centre County Drug and Alcohol Office 355-6744 ▪ Clear Concepts Counseling 355-7629 ▪ Crossroads Counseling 231-0940 ▪ Penn State EPISCenter episcenter.psu.edu ▪ Quest Services 342-6740 ▪ State College Medical 235-6988 ▪ United Against Heroin Addiction 866-691-4192 Centre County Mental Health Groups ▪ Community Help Centre Call 235-1890 ▪ Crisis Intervention Team Coordinator 933-7101 ▪ Centre County Mental Health Intervention 355-6786 Veronica Gower puts on her son’s favorite hat, on which she said she used to be able to smell him. Jeremy Alterio died last year from a heroin overdose. Abby Drey adrey@centredaily.com Veronica Gower wears Jeremy’s favorite hat, and holds a photo of him as Jenny. Abby Drey adrey@centredaily.com Veronica Gower’s mantel has a photo collage of her child, Jeremy, who passed away last year from a heroin overdoes. Abby Drey adrey@centredaily.com 1 of 3 LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 days ago No parent should have to go through this, Jim Piazza says 3:47 2 days ago No parent should have to go through this, Jim Piazza says 3:30 4 days ago Strong winds sweep State College 0:25 5 days ago Monday's thunderstorm approaches Bellefonte View More Video Local Woman charged for allegedly stealing clothes from Macy’s Former Bellefonte Area valedictorian was Penn State commencement speaker, student marshal BEA student allegedly pulls down pants on school bus Jay Paterno: ‘This is about the future’ Man charged after allegedly impersonating a police officer Local Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Photo Store Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile & Apps Facebook Twitter YouTube Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Place an Obituary Today's Circulars More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site Archive Soggy Kentucky Derby day doesn't dampen party for some fans Saturday May 6, 2017 at 8:50 PM May 6, 2017 at 8:50 PM Bruce Schreiner The Associated Press LOUISVILLE, Ky. — Danielle Bunker's flowery hat drooped and rain dripped from her pink poncho as she settled into the waterlogged Churchill Downs infield, but she wasn't going to let gloomy weather dampen her Kentucky Derby bachelorette party. "It's all in the experience," Bunker, 28, said Saturday morning as she munched on a pretzel and prepared for a daylong party with nine friends who set up lawn chairs near the giant videoboard looming over the infield. "We're bummed but we're from Ohio, so we're used to it," she said of the unfavorable weather. "We'll make do." Morning rain, combined with steady rainfall the day before, turned part of the sprawling infield into a muddy pit hours before the Derby on Saturday. But hardy fans staked out spots to watch what for some was a first-time experience and for many was a yearly pilgrimage to the world's most famous horse race. The early rain didn't spoil the party for the crowd of 158,070 — the seventh-largest in the race's 143-year history — that watched Always Dreaming win the Run for the Roses. The rain clouds departed before the race. Ponchos and rain boots were in fashion on a day usually devoted to sundresses, fancy suits and people-watching between horse races. Sunshine emerged by early afternoon, but fans endured another round of late-afternoon showers, briefly forcing them to break out rain gear again. The rain moved out of the area well before the Derby went off in the early evening. The last Derby run on a sloppy track was 2013 when Orb splashed home in front. While the well-heeled and those with the right connections stayed dry under cover, fans on the infield endured a wet, cold morning when temperatures were in the 40s. Bobby McGohon from nearby Lexington, attending his 33rd straight Derby, constructed a makeshift tent with lawn chairs and tarps to stay dry. Another tarp served as a floor to keep his feet dry. "We've got it down," he said. "We've been preparing for this. We've got everything we need." Erin Smith and Melissa Logan made a run for cover on the infield as the morning rain poured. "This is totally cramping my style," said Logan, a 37-year-old from Colorado, a coat zipped up over the dress she bought new for her first Derby. They made their own fascinators in blue and yellow, piled high with feathers and price tags exceeding $100. Smith lives in Louisville and was attending the Derby for the seventh time. "This is the absolute worst one," she moaned over the rain. "Usually I worry whether I brought enough sunscreen. (Saturday), I bought a $15 poncho." Many fans wore multiple layers of clothes to contend with the cold, damp conditions. Kelly Stariha, a Kentucky native, has a three-footwear strategy for braving the infield during dreary Derbies that she shared with her two friends visiting from Michigan. Each woman wore rain boots, then tucked a pair of heels and a pair of flip flops in their purse. "So when we want to feel posh, we can leave the galoshes here," she said from their muddy camp along the fence at the backstretch. "We wear flips through the mud to the grandstand, then change into heels and pretend for a while." Sherry Vigeant drove from Massachusetts so her daughter, Sophie, could celebrate her 14th birthday at the Derby. Mom and daughter sported new outfits and hats, but a last-minute purchase at Wal-Mart was their most practical one as they prepared for a wet day in the grandstand. "Our 99-cent ponchos are probably the most important thing that we have here," Sherry Vigeant said. Tyler Lavoie, a 23-year-old soldier from nearby Fort Knox, draped a plastic poncho over his multicolored suit. He decided to attend his first Derby before shipping out for his next Army assignment in Alaska later in the month. "It kind of sucks," he said of the foul weather. "But we're still going to bet, still going to drink. So we'll be fine." Lavoie said he's used to being out in tough weather conditions as a soldier, but planned to find cover at the track. "We've been in the rain a lot," he said. "But it doesn't mean we like to be." Amid the usual Derby fare of celebrities, pomp and fashion, there was a quirky side. Peggy Miller plodded around the track dressed as a trash can filled with empty beer cans. "I'm representing all the partiers," the 59-year-old Derby regular said. The rain inspired Smith and Logan to think up a moneymaking strategy, in case it rains again for their next Derby. The friends bought their ponchos for less than a dollar at Wal-Mart. "They're selling them for $15 here," Smith said. "Forget betting. That's how to make some money." About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Advertise With Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse Sports Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds Trib Total Media Contact Us ShareThis Page Home Local Local Front - - - - - Allegheny Westmoreland Valley News Dispatch Regional - - - - - Carnegie/Bridgeville Fox Chapel Hampton/Shaler Monroeville Murrysville North Hills Norwin Penn Hills Penn-Trafford Plum/Oakmont Sewickley South Hills Sports Sports Front - - - - - Steelers / NFL Penguins / NHL Pirates / MLB - - - - - High Schools - - - - - Kevin Gorman - - - - - Pitt Penn State WVU Duquesne Robert Morris District Colleges - - - - - Golf Outdoors Local U.S./World Sports SportsTalk SportsBlogs Riverhounds News News Front - - - - - Pennsylvania Business Investigative U.S./World Health Now Education Politics Our Stories Blogs Videos Opinion Opinion Front - - - - - Columnists Editorials Cartoons Letters Send a Letter A&E A&E Front - - - - - Theater & Arts Movies/TV Music Books More A&E Museums Player's Advantage Crosswords Sudoku Lottery Lifestyles Lifestyles Front - - - - - Doug Oster Food & Drink Fanfare Out & About Home & Garden Health & Fitness More Lifestyles Fashion History Travel Video - - - - - Trib Videos Featured Videos Obituaries Obituaries Front - - - - - Pittsburgh Tribune Review Tribune Review Valley News Dispatch Penn Hills Progress Monroeville Times Express Advance Leader Penn-Trafford Star Norwin Star McKnight North Journal Bridgeville Area News Sewickley Herald Murrysville Star South Hills Record The Herald Hampton Journal Shaler Journal Pine Creek Journal Triblive Online Only Subscribe Place Ad Buy Trib Photos Sportstalk Contests - - - - - Jobs Homes Autos Classifieds - - - - - Trib Total Media Contact Us Feedback Blogs Email Newsletters eTrib Digital Replica Our Publications eFeatures Buy Trib Photos Where to Buy the Paper Featured Commentary Trump's taxing problem Peter Morici | Saturday, May 6, 2017, 9:00 p.m. AP Photo Email Newsletters Sign up for one of our email newsletters. Updated 6 hours ago Donald Trump won the presidency in significant measure on a promise to deliver more robust economic growth and better jobs. As things stand, his efforts and GOP prospects for the midterm elections will hinge on accomplishing tax reforms that encourage more investment. Stronger growth could be greatly assisted by reducing health care costs, regulatory burdens and the trade deficit. But the failure of Speaker Paul Ryan's ObamaCare replacement, legal barriers to quickly deconstructing Obama-era regulations and the complexity of renegotiating international trade arrangements leave cutting taxes as the most viable path for Republicans to accomplish progress quickly. Unfortunately, Trump and the Republicans are hung up by conflicting objectives and special interests that make the prospects for success difficult. U.S. corporate taxes are much higher than those imposed by rivals like the United Kingdom, Germany, Ireland and China because other nations rely more on consumption than income taxes — usually, value added taxes (VATs). The U.S. code is riddled with special interest credits and exemptions whose net effect is to impose very high taxes on some businesses while others pay not much at all. Ways and Means Committee Chairman Kevin Brady, R-Texas, is pushing a plan to lower the top corporate tax rate from 35 to 20 percent by ripping away many special-interest provisions and shifting the basis for business taxation from where products are made to where those are consumed. To yield the same revenue as the current law and be consistent with the latter principle, it would not impose taxes on products made in the United States for export, and collect the 20 percent tax on imports. Retailers like Wal-Mart strongly oppose such border tax adjustments (BTAs) on imports because they allege it would raise prices on imported consumer goods by 20 percent. That may sound plausible but is unlikely because retailers would also be paying lower taxes on their warehousing, distribution and merchandising activities. Nevertheless, retailers have found many allies among Republicans in the Senate to oppose the Brady plan. Most U.S. businesses — even some large ones like Chrysler and Bechtel — are organized as limited liability corporations and pay taxes through the personal income tax code. Hence, lowering the top marginal tax rates of 39.6 and 35 percent is also essential to stimulating more investment in the United States. Lowering those rates significantly without losing revenue and increasing budget deficits will be tough because Trump has promised a middle-class tax cut. And the latter necessarily involves shifting more of the tax burden onto the top quarter of taxpayers, who already pay more than 85 percent of personal income taxes collected. The only way out for Republicans is to impose a new tax to finance lower corporate and personal income taxes — notably, a VAT as applied by most other advanced industrialized countries. My bet is Trump and the Republicans won't accomplish much more than marginal changes in the tax code — and 2018 will be a good year for the Democrats. Peter Morici is an economist and business professor at the University of Maryland. More Featured Commentary Restoring America's infrastructure Defeating an 'evil empire' Optimism & the Pa. economy Break the chains Can Trump mend Obama's Middle East errors? TribLIVE commenting policy You are solely responsible for your comments and by using TribLive.com you agree to our Terms of Service. We moderate comments. Our goal is to provide substantive commentary for a general readership. By screening submissions, we provide a space where readers can share intelligent and informed commentary that enhances the quality of our news and information. While most comments will be posted if they are on-topic and not abusive, moderating decisions are subjective. We will make them as carefully and consistently as we can. Because of the volume of reader comments, we cannot review individual moderation decisions with readers. We value thoughtful comments representing a range of views that make their point quickly and politely. We make an effort to protect discussions from repeated comments either by the same reader or different readers We follow the same standards for taste as the daily newspaper. A few things we won't tolerate: personal attacks, obscenity, vulgarity, profanity (including expletives and letters followed by dashes), commercial promotion, impersonations, incoherence, proselytizing and SHOUTING. Don't include URLs to Web sites. We do not edit comments. They are either approved or deleted. We reserve the right to edit a comment that is quoted or excerpted in an article. In this case, we may fix spelling and punctuation. We welcome strong opinions and criticism of our work, but we don't want comments to become bogged down with discussions of our policies and we will moderate accordingly. We appreciate it when readers and people quoted in articles or blog posts point out errors of fact or emphasis and will investigate all assertions. But these suggestions should be sent via e-mail. To avoid distracting other readers, we won't publish comments that suggest a correction. Instead, corrections will be made in a blog post or in an article. Trending UPMC doctor killed by daughter who was re-enacting "Mummy" movie, police say Apple buys more company debt than the world's biggest bond funds Gorman: Capitals rally to escape elimination  Twitter Feed A Twitter List by TribLIVE staff Featured Photography Ngoepe, the first African-born player in MLB A curated collection of photojournalism from around the region, nation and world. Subscribe Place an Ad Feedback Contact Us Blogs | Mobile App | Email Newsletters | eTrib Digital Replica | Our Publications | eFeatures | Buy Trib Photos | Where to Buy the Paper | Circulars Images and text copyright © 2017 Trib Total Media, LLC | Reproduction or reuse prohibited without written consent. | Terms of Service
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 61° Overcast North Andover, MA (01845) Today Showers ending early. Tonight Rain showers this evening with overcast skies overnight. Low around 50F. Winds S at 5 to 10 mph. Chance of rain 90%. Updated: May 6, 2017 @ 7:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Video Magazines Salute to Seniors Special Report: The Heroin Crisis Merrimack Valley featured Crunching the numbers +2 By Zoe Mathews zmathews@eagletribune.com 21 hrs ago Central Catholic's Nault resigns after investigation Hillie football star charged with car breaks in Groveland Lawrence man fighting deportation will be released A Taste of Greater Salem is on the plate for Tuesday Ex-Patriot Hernandez’ suicide note to fiancee says she’s ‘rich’ Haverhill man named director of Waltham YMCA Firefighters train for emergency drug-related births Seabrook pizza parlor flasher pleads guilty Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Hoops Tourney 17 Sports Curious case of Avery Bradley Kyle Gaudette 4 hrs ago Sports in a Minute: Solimine’s change of heart Why no more Cinderellas at the Derby? Friday's High School Boxscores Final score: Connolly, Hillies sweep Methuen Merrimack Roundup: Warriors to host title game ... in Providence Area High School Schedule Sox fall on Mauer walk-off homer Records: Aaron Hernandez was member of Bloods street gang Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Community Calendar Apr 30, 2017 Club News Reunions Reunions Club News Community Calendar Club News Community Calendar Reunions Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Opinion State should broaden lead testing beyond schools 36 min ago Sound Off House shifts health care attention to Senate No way to make sense of death of black teen in Texas Censorship of conservative speakers at colleges a problem Trump doesn't pay attention to details of his administration, and neither should you Sound Off Democrats need serious reform plan Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusetts Public Notices AP Soggy Kentucky Derby day doesn't dampen party for some fans By BRUCE SCHREINER Associated Press May 6, 2017 Updated 35 min ago LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — Danielle Bunker's flowery hat drooped and rain dripped from her pink poncho as she settled into the waterlogged Churchill Downs infield, but she wasn't going to let gloomy weather dampen her Kentucky Derby bachelorette party. "It's all in the experience," Bunker, 28, said Saturday morning as she munched on a pretzel and prepared for a daylong party with nine friends who set up lawn chairs near the giant videoboard looming over the infield. "We're bummed but we're from Ohio, so we're used to it," she said of the unfavorable weather. "We'll make do." Morning rain, combined with steady rainfall the day before, turned part of the sprawling infield into a muddy pit hours before the Derby on Saturday. But hardy fans staked out spots to watch what for some was a first-time experience and for many was a yearly pilgrimage to the world's most famous horse race. The early rain didn't spoil the party for the crowd of 158,070 — the seventh-largest in the race's 143-year history — that watched Always Dreaming win the Run for the Roses. The rain clouds departed before the race. Ponchos and rain boots were in fashion on a day usually devoted to sundresses, fancy suits and people-watching between horse races. Sunshine emerged by early afternoon, but fans endured another round of late-afternoon showers, briefly forcing them to break out rain gear again. The rain moved out of the area well before the Derby went off in the early evening. The last Derby run on a sloppy track was 2013 when Orb splashed home in front. While the well-heeled and those with the right connections stayed dry under cover, fans on the infield endured a wet, cold morning when temperatures were in the 40s. Bobby McGohon from nearby Lexington, attending his 33rd straight Derby, constructed a makeshift tent with lawn chairs and tarps to stay dry. Another tarp served as a floor to keep his feet dry. "We've got it down," he said. "We've been preparing for this. We've got everything we need." Erin Smith and Melissa Logan made a run for cover on the infield as the morning rain poured. "This is totally cramping my style," said Logan, a 37-year-old from Colorado, a coat zipped up over the dress she bought new for her first Derby. They made their own fascinators in blue and yellow, piled high with feathers and price tags exceeding $100. Smith lives in Louisville and was attending the Derby for the seventh time. "This is the absolute worst one," she moaned over the rain. "Usually I worry whether I brought enough sunscreen. Today, I bought a $15 poncho." Many fans wore multiple layers of clothes to contend with the cold, damp conditions. Kelly Stariha, a Kentucky native, has a three-footwear strategy for braving the infield during dreary Derbies that she shared with her two friends visiting from Michigan. Each woman wore rain boots, then tucked a pair of heels and a pair of flip flops in their purse. "So when we want to feel posh, we can leave the galoshes here," she said from their muddy camp along the fence at the backstretch. "We wear flips through the mud to the grandstand, then change into heels and pretend for a while." Sherry Vigeant drove from Massachusetts so her daughter, Sophie, could celebrate her 14th birthday at the Derby. Mom and daughter sported new outfits and hats, but a last-minute purchase at Wal-Mart was their most practical one as they prepared for a wet day in the grandstand. "Our 99-cent ponchos are probably the most important thing that we have here," Sherry Vigeant said. Tyler Lavoie, a 23-year-old soldier from nearby Fort Knox, draped a plastic poncho over his multicolored suit. He decided to attend his first Derby before shipping out for his next Army assignment in Alaska later in the month. "It kind of sucks," he said of the foul weather. "But we're still going to bet, still going to drink. So we'll be fine." Lavoie said he's used to being out in tough weather conditions as a soldier, but planned to find cover at the track. "We've been in the rain a lot," he said. "But it doesn't mean we like to be." Amid the usual Derby fare of celebrities, pomp and fashion, there was a quirky side. Peggy Miller plodded around the track dressed as a trash can filled with empty beer cans. "I'm representing all the partiers," the 59-year-old Derby regular said. The rain inspired Smith and Logan to think up a moneymaking strategy, in case it rains again for their next Derby. The friends bought their ponchos for less than a dollar at Wal-Mart. "They're selling them for $15 here," Smith said. "Forget betting. That's how to make some money." ___ Reporters Dylan Lovan and Claire Galofaro contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Tags General News Sports Horse Racing Shoes Fashion Accessories Fashion Beauty And Fashion Lifestyle Kentucky Derby Thoroughbred Racing Weather Locations Louisville Kentucky United States North America We have recently upgraded our commenting system. If you wish to comment please login using your social ID or create a new account. ADVERTISERS North of Boston Magazines Our magazines highlight people, places and events in our North of Boston communities.Read Our Magazines Featured Homes of the Week Trading places in New Hampshire Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles UPDATE: First responders fall ill at scene of man's death Methuen mother charged after son dies in July car accident UPDATE: Police find body in Merrimack River Methuen couple to head to Fatima on 100th anniversary of reported apparition UPDATE: Man found dead inside Salem, NH, home Central Catholic sex abuse demonstration will unveil new allegations from 1960s incidents Nault resigns from Central Catholic after misconduct investigation Two held on high bail after heroin arrests Suspended Central Catholic staffers identified Windham man who attempted suicide in police station parking lot dies at local hospital Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. First Amendment: Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or prohibiting the free exercise thereof; or abridging the freedom of speech, or of the press; or the right of the people peaceably to assemble, and to petition the Government for a redress of grievances. Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Sections News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather © Copyright 2017 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/6/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 239% 70% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 112% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 47% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/6/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Ubiquiti's Amplifi Now on a Shelf Near You. Can Consumer Wi-Fi Be a New Growth Driver? Formerly enterprise and online-only, Ubiquiti is bringing its newest product to a brick-and-mortar retailer near you. Billy Duberstein (Dubs82) May 6, 2017 at 6:36PM One of the hardest things to value in a company are future products and markets. For instance, who could have predicted Amazon would become a leader in IT infrastructure back in 2000? Or that Apple would be a phone-maker, back in the 90s? However, it is precisely these types of less predictable innovations that can lead to Amazon and Apple-like returns. Lesser-known Ubiquiti Networks (NASDAQ:UBNT) recently rolled out a new business segment, and it's coming to a retail store near you. If you haven't heard of the company, that is because it is mostly known for its high-performance radios that form the backbone of WISP networks (wireless internet service providers). In more rural parts of the U.S. and emerging markets, service providers are selling broadband wirelessly via Ubiquiti's radios. In 2011, Ubiquiti ventured inside small businesses and schools with its Unifi product -- its line of enterprise-grade access points, switches, and routers. That segment has been a huge success, posting 87% year over year gains last quarter, and it is now almost as big as the service provider segment. Next up: Amplifi In 2016, Ubiquiti entered the consumer home Wi-Fi market with its next new product line called Amplifi. Amplifi's mesh-Wi-Fi system is geared to give your home enterprise-grade Wi-Fi speeds and fill pesky dead spots, all at consumer prices. This type of home solution had previously been the realm of low-cost consumer routers made by Netgear or Google, but these days, greater capability is need to handle the increased data requirements for connected home devices and video streaming. Therefore, Ubiquiti thought consumers might now have use for its high-powered technology. With the consumer in mind, the company constructed the router to look cool, with a blue-light touchscreen, and also made the system very easy to set up. Owners can set up a network in minutes, easily add or drop devices to their networks, and check network speeds all from the easy-to-use app. source: Amplifi.com Last week, Ubiquiti announced that Amplifi would now be available at Sam's Club, Best Buy, and Gamestop. Despite being unveiled a year ago , Amplifi was only previously available via Amazon or the Amplifi online Store. The reason for the hold-up lies in Ubiquiti's ultra-lean business model. The company does little to no sales or marketing efforts, instead utilizing its online community where tech-savvy enterprise customers can commiserate the lack of availability of its devices, then only ramping up volumes when demand is assured. The average consumer is much less savvy. So, instead of rolling the product out nationwide and risking an inventory buildup, the company sold product first through its own store, then the largest online destination, Amazon, in conjunction with an initial PR rollout. Now, the company is ready to get the product in front of people in a physical store. In many ways, this will be the ultimate test as to whether consumers will snatch up these advanced offerings. Sam's Club is part of Wal-Mart, still the largest retailer in the U.S. by a wide margin. Despite years of revenue declines, Best Buy is still the leading electronics retailer in North America, and could be boosted further by bankruptcies among rivals. It also has the all-important Geek Squad, which can educate laymen about mesh networks. The most interesting placement is in Gamestop. Gamers require very high speeds, so Ubiquiti is making a statement that these high-end applications require its high-end technology. Will Amplifi move the needle? Right now, Amplifi is lumped in with Ubiquiti's Unifi segment when the company reports revenues, due to the segment being new. If the new retail push can gain traction, it could become material, especially if the glowing reviews like this from App Advice are any indication of consumer sentiment.  A system consisting of the main router and two mesh points ranges anywhere from the standard $199 system to the $349 HD system. Users can also buy the router or mesh points separately. Assuming the company can sell 100,000 systems per year, that would equate to around $30 million, which would be about 4% of current revenues. However, it is likely Ubiquiti will expand internationally if the product sells well in the years to come, and establishing the brand may also allow the company to follow with more products for the Internet of Things and increasingly, the connected home. As Amazon and Apple taught us with cloud computing and the iPhone, entirely new products can sometimes be even more material than older core businesses. Investors should keep an eye on how Amplifi catches on this year. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Billy Duberstein owns shares of Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, Apple, and Ubiquiti Networks. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (C shares), Amazon, Apple, Netflix, and Ubiquiti Networks. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Billy Duberstein (Dubs82) None Article Info May 6, 2017 at 6:36PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Ubiquiti Networks NASDAQ:UBNT $47.21 down $-2.96 (-5.90%) Read More Why Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. Briefly Fell 11% on Friday Why Yelp, Organovo Holdings, and Ubiquiti Networks Slumped Today Ubiquiti Networks Inc. Reports Meager Growth Why Shares of Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. Are Soaring Today Can Ubiquiti’s Run Continue in 2017? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Ubiquiti's Amplifi Now on a Shelf Near You. Can Consumer Wi-Fi Be a New Growth Driver? @themotleyfool #stocks $UBNT
Share 1 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-05-06 MTV Movie & TV Awards 2017: Complete List Of Nominees Entertainment 2017-05-06 2017 ‘MTV Movie And TV Awards’ Hosted By Adam Devine Airs Live On May 7 Entertainment 2017-05-06 How Ryan Seacrest Could Juggle ‘American Idol,’ Kelly Ripa, And New Radio Deal Entertainment 2017-05-06 Metallica: Lars Ulrich To Host Weekly Radio Show Called ‘It’s Electric!’ News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-05-07 Boko Haram Terrorists Free 82 Chibok Girls Three Years After Mass Abduction, Nigerian Government Says News, Rumors 2017-05-06 ‘Friends’ Reunion Rumors Swirl On Anniversary Of Sitcom’s Series Finale News 2017-05-06 Steven Holcomb, 37, U.S. Bobsled Gold Medalist, Found Dead In Room At U.S. Olympic Training Center News 2017-05-06 Iran-North Korea Military Link And Missile Collaboration Poses Major Threat To U.S. Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-05-07 WWE Rumors: Creative Plans Revealed For Chris Jericho’s WWE Return, Rivalry With Kevin Owens Will Continue Sports 2017-05-07 Watch England Vs. Ireland 2nd ODI Cricket Live Stream: Start Time, Preview — Historic Lord’s Debut For Ireland Basketball 2017-05-06 NBA Playoffs: Golden State Warriors Defeat Utah Jazz In Sloppy Game 3 Wrestling 2017-05-06 Former WWE World Champion Batista Shares His Favorite ‘WrestleMania’ Match, Thoughts On Triple H Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-05-05 What Is Cinco De Mayo Really About? Avocados And Beer Lifestyle 2017-05-04 What Is Cinco De Mayo And Why Does It Mean Avocados Are More Expensive? Lifestyle 2017-05-04 The Odyssey of ‘The Jaguar’s Love’: Artist Chris Bleicher Discusses Sculpture’s Epic Journey To ArtExpo Lifestyle 2017-05-04 Breaking Games Release Four New Board Games In Conjunction With Barnes & Noble Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-05-06 Tick-Borne Powassan Virus — Possibly Deadlier Than Lyme Disease — On The Rise Health 2017-05-06 Aunt Jemima Recall: Frozen Waffles, French Toast Slices Possibly Positive For Listeria Monocytogenes Health 2017-04-30 Sherri Kent: Calgary Mom Shares Photo Of Son Dying Of Fentanyl Overdose To Warn Others About Opioid Abuse Health 2017-04-30 Autism Linked To Maternal Grandmother’s Smoking During Pregnancy, New Study Says Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-05-06 ‘Prey’ Reviews Are Rolling In — What Do Critics Have To Say? Technology 2017-05-06 WhatsApp Went Down Worldwide: Here Are Some Messaging Alternatives Technology 2017-05-06 Google Docs Phishing Scam: How You Should Protect Yourself Gaming 2017-05-06 ‘Tom Clancy’s The Division’ Is Free To Play All Weekend, Will It Help Bring Players Back? BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-05-06 Raven Osborne: Indiana Teen Receives Bachelor’s Degree Two Weeks Before Her High School Graduation BuzzWorthy 2017-05-06 Porn Star Attacked By Shark Filming Sexy Ad Off Florida Coast – Video Goes Viral BuzzWorthy 2017-05-06 Juan Pedro Franco: World’s Heaviest Man Who Has Spent 7 Years In Bed Set To Undergo Gastric Bypass Surgery BuzzWorthy 2017-05-06 ‘Baby Holding IUD’ Photo Is Still A Fake, But Can Women Get Pregnant Despite IUD? SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Kentucky Derby 2017: Katie Couric, Kid Rock, Justin Hartley, And More Party At Pre-Race Galas: See The Pics Celebrity News 1 0 0 May 6, 2017 Kentucky Derby 2017: Katie Couric, Kid Rock, Justin Hartley, And More Party At Pre-Race Galas: See The Pics Victoria Miller Kentucky Derby day means the stars are in Louisville, Kentucky, for pre-race parties, and also to witness the annual extravaganza live at Churchill Downs, of course. For the 143rd Run for the Roses, the stars came out in droves for the annual Barnstable Brown Gala, including Green Bay Packers quarterback Aaron Rodgers, news journalist Katie Couric, comedian Tracy Morgan, singers Joey Fatone and Travis Tritt, and many more. According to Forbes, New England Patriots quarterback Tom Brady attended both the Barnstable Brown bash and the 7th annual Fillies and Stallions party, where he hung out with former Dallas Cowboys quarterback Tony Romo. At the Barnstable Brown party, the Super Bowl champ posed with Couric and Rodgers. Ran into Tom Brady and @AaronRodgers12! #kentuckyderby ???????????? pic.twitter.com/3CMMHeWYGt — Katie Couric (@katiecouric) May 6, 2017 Ahead of the 2017 Kentucky Derby, the streets of Louisville were filled with musicians, including rock stars Kid Rock, Sammy Hagar, and ex-Bon Jovi guitarist Richie Sambora and his longtime girlfriend Orianthi, who all jammed at the Barnstable Brown Gala. Welcome back to Louisville @TheRealSambora and @orianthi. #KYDerby #KyDerby2017 #KYDerby143 #Barnstablebrown pic.twitter.com/uPEfj2kAO3 — Wade Harris (@camsixteen) May 6, 2017 My partner in crime! Me and Kid Rock getting ready to head to Churchill Downs for Derby Day! pic.twitter.com/0jYRgVxN0S — Travis Tritt (@Travistritt) May 6, 2017 Larry Birkhead posted a photo of himself and his daughter, Dannielynn, at the Barnstable Brown party, which is also the site where he met his daughter’s late mom, Anna Nicole Smith, back in 2003. Dannielynn b4 she raided the dessert room at the Barnstable-Brown Party where I met her Mom in 2003 #lifefullcircle #BarnstableBrownParty pic.twitter.com/hcaGBYrXR1 — Larry Birkhead (@larrybirkhead) May 6, 2017 Other stars spotted at the Kentucky Derby festivities included This is Us star Justin Hartley, who was with his fiancé Chrishell Stause, actor Jessie Eisenberg, celebrity chef Giada De Laurentiis, and Derby staple Jeff Bridges. Happy Derby Day!!!! ???????????? @justinhartley #KYDerby pic.twitter.com/Wr2L4RHsso — Chrishell Stause (@Chrishell7) May 6, 2017 Spotted at Churchill Downs: Actor Jesse Eisenberg. Of all his films, Zombieland tops the list for me. #kyderby pic.twitter.com/ktMzeNJO6W — Morgan Watkins (@morganwatkins26) May 6, 2017 Jeff Bridges tells me his #KyDerby money is on Always Dreaming pic.twitter.com/jhV8BAf0Bv — Morgan Eads (@MorganEads1) May 6, 2017 According to Bustle, comedian Tracy Morgan had the Kentucky Derby festivities on his bucket list. The 30 Rock actor brought along his wife, Megan Wollover, to Churchill Downs this year because he wanted to cross the Kentucky Derby off of his bucket list following the 2015 car accident with a Walmart truck that nearly killed him. Always a jokester, Morgan reportedly said he was picking Secretariat to win the Kentucky Derby this year. Tracy Morgan joked that he was picking Secretariat in the #kentuckyderby pic.twitter.com/44Dq96Oaa4 — Rich Copley (@copiousnotes) May 6, 2017 And while they may seem like an unlikely Kentucky Derby foursome, Vanderpump Rules stars Jax Taylor, Brittany Cartwright, Ariana Madox, and Tom Sandoval dressed to the nines and then posed for a photo at Churchill Downs. But maybe it’s not so surprising to see these Cali kids in Kentucky, considering Cartwright is from the southern state and recently filmed a Bravo reality show with Taylor in her home town. #Thurby ✨ @kyderbyfestival #jaxbrittanyarianatomtakekentucky A post shared by ???? Ariana Madix ???? (@ariana252525) on May 4, 2017 at 11:34am PDT Harry Connick, Jr., who’s set to perform the National Anthem ahead of the Kentucky Derby race, also posed for a snap with his wife, former supermodel Jill Goodacre. Connick called is wife his “beautiful Derby girl.” with my beautiful derby girl! #kentuckyderby A post shared by Harry Connick Jr (@harryconnickjr) on May 5, 2017 at 10:25am PDT The prize for best Kentucky Derby hat could go to actress Mira Sorvino, or maybe the guy standing behind her. Ok I thought I found the perfect #Derbyhat and then I saw this guy! If only!! #Kentuckyderby143 pic.twitter.com/nuWhEKQz18 — Mira Sorvino (@MiraSorvino) May 6, 2017 Speaking of Sorvino, the actress and her famous dad, Paul, aka the man in the hat, were two of many stars who attended the sixth annual pre-Derby Unbridled Eve Gala at the Galt House in Louisville. The charity included a cocktail reception with 19 specialty drinks, a surf-and-turf dinner, and a silent auction, according to USA Today. Celebrity entertainers included singer Taio Cruz and Morris Day and the Time. In addition to the Sorvinos, actor Beau Bridges, Triple Crown winning jockey Victor Espinoza, and Jennifer Lawrence’s mother, Karen Lawrence, turned up for the charity event. “There are so many great people here, just getting to know people from around the country, and they’re all here for the Derby but also to support this important cause,” Mira Sorvino said of the party, which raises money for more than 17 charities. In addition, Esquire‘s Derby Eve Gala had a guest list that included chef Bobby Flay and actor Adrian Grenier. Take a look at the video below to see more celebrities who have attended the Kentucky Derby over the years. [Featured Image by Gustavo Caballero/Getty Images for Churchill Downs] Now Watch This: Brad Pitt Opens Up About Life After Angelina Jolie Now Read This: Zakk Wilde Balancing Ozzy Osbourne, Black Label Society, Zakk Sabbath And Solo Work [Opinion] Share 1 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Victoria Miller Tags: harry connick jr., katie couric, kentucky derby, tracy morgan May 6, 2017 Microsoft Surface Pro 5 Release Date Set For May 23? Company Teases ‘What’s Next’ May 6, 2017 ‘The Originals’ Season 4, Episode 8: What Does This ‘The Vampire Diaries’ Crossover Have In Store For Fans? Comments LATEST HEADLINES 900 Pedophiles Across Europe and America Arrested. ‘It’s Not a Game. Kids Are Being Abused’ Says FBI Gwen Stefani And Blake Shelton Make Slime With Gwen’s Sons, Blake Reveals Mother’s Day Plans WWE Rumors: Creative Plans Revealed For Chris Jericho’s WWE Return, Rivalry With Kevin Owens Will Continue Watch England Vs. Ireland 2nd ODI Cricket Live Stream: Start Time, Preview — Historic Lord’s Debut For Ireland ‘American Horror Story’ Reveals Season 7 ‘Big-Bad’ Villain Boko Haram Terrorists Free 82 Chibok Girls Three Years After Mass Abduction, Nigerian Government Says Florida Man Says Penis Killed Girlfriend In Oral Sex Murder Mishap, Asks To Show Member To Jury Alex Rodriguez Is The Best, Says Jennifer Lopez Kourtney Kardashian Betrayed Me, Says Scott Disick Kelly Ripa Set Up For Another Betrayal With Ryan Seacrest Hosting ‘American Idol’? Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Fire Colbert: Trump Supporters Want CBS To Fire Stephen Colbert For Joke About Trump And Putin 25.3k 0 0 Ellen DeGeneres Says Donald Trump Not Welcome On Her Show 5.4k 0 0 ‘Little People, Big World’ Baby Update: Tori And Zach Roloff Reveal Their Son’s Adorable Nursery 2.2k 0 0 North Carolina Amber Alert: 15-Year-Old Cassidy Bottoms Allegedly Abducted By Two Men 2.1k 0 0 James Comey Confirms Trump Russia Prosecutors: Collusion Scandal May End With Indictments, Impeachment 1.8k 0 0 WWE News: Batista Says He Wants To Return To WWE, But Only Under One Condition 1.6k 0 0 Recent Videos Movie Trailers ‘The Dark Tower’ First Trailer Released Music Chinese Female Boy-Band Challenges Gender Stereotypes Music ‘The Eagles’ Sue ‘Hotel California’ Celebrity News Val Kilmer Reveals He Is ‘Healing Of Cancer’ Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 1-5, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 1-5, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Thursday night, northbound traffic will be shifted to the two outside lanes beginning at 9 p.m. and the inside lane will be closed to traffic. This shift will allow the contractor to complete work in the median strip. Motorists traveling that section of Route 29 between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday should anticipate congestion and brief delays due to the traffic switch and associated work to restripe the pavement and realign traffic signal heads. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious VDOT TO IMPROVE TRAFFIC FLOW ON COOL SPRINGS ROAD AT ROUTE 3 IN STAFFORD COUNTY – New pavement markings will create safer turning environment and shorten traffic backups Next PostNext RT. 655 BRIDGE TO CLOSE FOR REHABILITATION APRIL 17 – Use alternate routes during four-week closure of Rappahannock County bridge Search Recent Posts PARTNER WITH VDOT FOR SAFETY IN WORK ZONES – National Work Zone Awareness Week is April 3-7 VDOT, FAMILY TO HONOR FALLEN HIGHWAY WORKER AT WORKERS’ MEMORIAL VIGIL TONIGHT ON AFTON MOUNTAIN – VDOT veteran’s name added to memorial this year   VDOT ANNOUNCES NEW RICHMOND DISTRICT ENGINEER – Bart Thrasher to oversee construction, maintenance and operations for roads in 14 counties VDOT SELECTS NEW CHIEF OF INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY – Cary to Lead Agency into the Future of Transportation VDOT LIFTS LANE CLOSURES DURING EASTER TRAVEL – Download the free VDOT 511 app for current traffic and road conditions RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Friday night, northbound traffic will be shifted to the two outside lanes beginning at 9 p.m. and the inside lane will be closed to traffic. This shift will allow the contractor to complete work in the median strip. Motorists traveling that section of Route 29 between 9 p.m. Friday and 6 a.m. Saturday should anticipate congestion and brief delays due to the traffic switch and associated work to restripe the pavement and realign traffic signal heads. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Tuesday and Wednesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org. (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious VDOT TO IMPROVE TRAFFIC FLOW ON COOL SPRINGS ROAD AT ROUTE 3 IN STAFFORD COUNTY – New pavement markings will create safer turning environment and shorten traffic backups Next PostNext RT. 655 BRIDGE TO CLOSE FOR REHABILITATION APRIL 17 – Use alternate routes during four-week closure of Rappahannock County bridge Search Recent Posts PARTNER WITH VDOT FOR SAFETY IN WORK ZONES – National Work Zone Awareness Week is April 3-7 VDOT, FAMILY TO HONOR FALLEN HIGHWAY WORKER AT WORKERS’ MEMORIAL VIGIL TONIGHT ON AFTON MOUNTAIN – VDOT veteran’s name added to memorial this year   VDOT ANNOUNCES NEW RICHMOND DISTRICT ENGINEER – Bart Thrasher to oversee construction, maintenance and operations for roads in 14 counties VDOT SELECTS NEW CHIEF OF INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY – Cary to Lead Agency into the Future of Transportation VDOT LIFTS LANE CLOSURES DURING EASTER TRAVEL – Download the free VDOT 511 app for current traffic and road conditions RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 7 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 17-21, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 17-21, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. Route 29 widening – Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Tuesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. Bad weather on Tuesday will postpone the closure until Wednesday. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – A portion of Line Drive was opened to travel on April 5.  Line Drive at Zan Road remains closed in preparation for roundabout construction, scheduled to begin Monday. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org. (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 24-28, 2017 Next PostNext May 1 – 7: Bristol’s Weekly Traffic Alert Search Recent Posts PARTNER WITH VDOT FOR SAFETY IN WORK ZONES – National Work Zone Awareness Week is April 3-7 VDOT, FAMILY TO HONOR FALLEN HIGHWAY WORKER AT WORKERS’ MEMORIAL VIGIL TONIGHT ON AFTON MOUNTAIN – VDOT veteran’s name added to memorial this year   VDOT ANNOUNCES NEW RICHMOND DISTRICT ENGINEER – Bart Thrasher to oversee construction, maintenance and operations for roads in 14 counties VDOT SELECTS NEW CHIEF OF INNOVATION AND TECHNOLOGY – Cary to Lead Agency into the Future of Transportation VDOT LIFTS LANE CLOSURES DURING EASTER TRAVEL – Download the free VDOT 511 app for current traffic and road conditions RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Right now Today's high Today's low Full weather report Full traffic report Kentucky Derby Weather Traffic Newsletters Go Skip to Main Window News Business Breaking News California Crime Education Environment Local Local Elections Lottery Results Nation and World Politics Transportation Sports Angels Chargers Clippers College Columnists Dodgers Ducks Football Golf High School High School Football Kings Lakers Motorsports Olympics Rams Soccer UCLA USC Entertainment Celebrities Comics Dining Dining Directory Events Games Horoscopes Movies & TV Music Theater Lifestyle Food Health Hiking Home + Garden Religion Travel Obituaries Obituaries Place an Obituary Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Editorial Board Endorsements The Cannifornian Marketplace Special Sections Readers Choice Classified Jobs Place An Ad Real Estate Weekly Ads Services Subscriber Services Subscribe e-Edition Contact us Share Your News Work for Us Mobile apps Email Newsletter Sign up Submit Ad # Twitter Reddit Pinterest ... Email Print Tumblr LinkedIn StumbleUpon Tweet Follow @https://twitter.com/ladailynews Home â Entertainment â Kentucky Derby Soggy Kentucky Derby day doesn’t dampen party for some fans Fans arrive for the 143rd running of the Kentucky Derby horse race at Churchill Downs Saturday, May 6, 2017, in Louisville, Ky. AP Photo/John Minchillo By BRUCE SCHREINER, Associated Press Posted: 05/06/17, 3:25 PM PDT | Updated: 2 hrs ago # Comments Horses walk on a muddy track before the 143rd running of the Kentucky Derby horse race at Churchill Downs Saturday, May 6, 2017, in Louisville, Ky. AP Photo/Charlie Riedel LOUISVILLE, Ky. >> Danielle Bunker’s flowery hat drooped and rain dripped from her pink poncho as she settled into the waterlogged Churchill Downs infield, but she wasn’t going to let gloomy weather dampen her Kentucky Derby bachelorette party. “It’s all in the experience,” Bunker, 28, said Saturday morning as she munched on a pretzel and prepared for a daylong party with nine friends who set up lawn chairs near the giant videoboard. “We’re bummed but we’re from Ohio, so we’re used to it,” she said of the unfavorable weather. “We’ll make do.” Morning rain turned part of the infield into a muddy pit hours before the Derby. But hardy fans staked out spots to watch what for some is a first-time experience and for many is a yearly pilgrimage to the world’s most famous horse race. Ponchos and rain boots were in fashion on a day usually devoted to sundresses, fancy suits and people-watching between horse races. Sunshine emerged by early afternoon, but fans endured another round of late-afternoon showers, briefly forcing them to break out rain gear again. Forecasters said the rain was moving out of the area well before the Derby went off in the early evening. The last Derby run on a sloppy track was 2013 when Orb splashed home in front. While the well-heeled and those with the right connections stayed dry under cover, fans on the infield endured a wet, cold morning when temperatures were in the 40s. Bobby McGohon from nearby Lexington, attending his 33rd straight Derby, constructed a makeshift tent with lawn chairs and tarps to stay dry. Another tarp served as a floor to keep his feet dry. “We’ve got it down,” he said. “We’ve been preparing for this. We’ve got everything we need.” Erin Smith and Melissa Logan made a run for cover on the infield as the morning rain poured. “This is totally cramping my style,” said Logan, a 37-year-old from Colorado, a coat zipped up over the dress she bought new for her first Derby. They made their own fascinators in blue and yellow, piled high with feathers and price tags exceeding $100. Smith lives in Louisville and was attending the Derby for the seventh time. “This is the absolute worst one,” she moaned over the rain. “Usually I worry whether I brought enough sunscreen. Today, I bought a $15 poncho.” Many fans wore multiple layers of clothes to contend with the cold, damp conditions. Kelly Stariha, a Kentucky native, has a three-footwear strategy for braving the infield during dreary Derbies that she shared with her two friends visiting from Michigan. Each woman wore rain boots, then tucked a pair of heels and a pair of flip flops in their purse. Advertisement “So when we want to feel posh, we can leave the galoshes here,” she said from their muddy camp along the fence at the backstretch. “We wear flips through the mud to the grandstand, then change into heels and pretend for a while.” Sherry Vigeant drove from Massachusetts so her daughter, Sophie, could celebrate her 14th birthday at the Derby. Mom and daughter sported new outfits and hats, but a last-minute purchase at Wal-Mart was their most practical one as they prepared for a wet day in the grandstand. “Our 99-cent ponchos are probably the most important thing that we have here,” Sherry Vigeant said. Tyler Lavoie, a 23-year-old soldier from nearby Fort Knox, draped a plastic poncho over his multicolored suit. He decided to attend his first Derby before shipping out for his next Army assignment in Alaska later in the month. “It kind of sucks,” he said of the foul weather. “But we’re still going to bet, still going to drink. So we’ll be fine.” Lavoie said he’s used to being out in tough weather conditions as a soldier, but planned to find cover at the track. “We’ve been in the rain a lot,” he said. “But it doesn’t mean we like to be.” Amid the usual Derby fare of celebrities, pomp and fashion, there was a quirky side. Peggy Miller plodded around the track dressed as a trash can filled with empty beer cans. “I’m representing all the partiers,” the 59-year-old Derby regular said. The rain inspired Smith and Logan to think up a moneymaking strategy, in case it rains again for their next Derby. The friends bought their ponchos for less than a dollar at Wal-Mart. “They’re selling them for $15 here,” Smith said. “Forget betting. That’s how to make some money.” Reporters Dylan Lovan and Claire Galofaro contributed to this report. Click here to subscribe to Digital & Home Delivery - 50% off Top Stories ‹ › MOST POPULAR Day Week News Sports Biz A&E Email Life No results found Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. LA Daily News Facebook Twitter Google+ RSS Feed Copyright © LA Daily News Copyright notice Privacy Policy Site Map Arbitration Digital First Media
Home News Grand Rapids Allegan County Barry County Ionia County Kent County Kzoo and BC Muskegon County Montcalm County Ottawa County Southwest Mich Michigan National To The Point Live video Photo Galleries Gas Prices Traffic Conditions Report It Weather Alerts Almanac Bill’s Blog Closings & Delays Current Conditions Forecast Lake Michigan Beach and Boating Power Outages Radar Rivers Satellite SatRad Severe Webcams Target 8 Report It Sports Michigan Sports Scores Griffins Tigers Whitecaps River Bank Run Football Frenzy NCAA Football Lions Red Wings Pistons NCAA Hoops High School eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal A New You Contests Entertainment Social Sizzle Community Connecting With Community Awards Calendar Pet of the Week Contests More Email Alerts Text Alerts School Closing Emails Weather Warn Emails Submit Your Closing About Us Contact Us Work For Us Our Staff TV Schedule Drone 8 Obituaries 40° F Clear Hi: 58° F Lo: 40° F Forecast Radar Bill’s Blog 4 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Grand Rapids Allegan County Barry County Ionia County Kent County Kzoo and BC Muskegon County Montcalm County Ottawa County Southwest Mich Michigan National To The Point Live video Photo Galleries Gas Prices Traffic Conditions Report It Featured: News Links Weekly Quiz Latest Headlines Crews battling 2-house fire in Rockford Saturday May 6, 2017 Firefighters are responding to a fire involving two houses in Rockford Saturday night. Teen charged in shooting that wounded 2 Chicago officers May 6, 2017 An 18-year-old has been charged for his alleged role in a shooting that wounded two plainclothes Chicago police officers. Troubled history for suspect in fire that killed 13 horses May 6, 2017 US bobsledder Steven Holcomb, 37, found dead May 6, 2017 Earthquake hits part of Alaska’s Aleutian Islands chain May 6, 2017 Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Bill’s Blog Closings & Delays Current Conditions Forecast Lake Michigan Beach and Boating Power Outages Radar Rivers Satellite SatRad Severe Webcams Current Conditions 40° F Clear Feels Like: 33° F Wind: NW 12 Humidity: 53% Dewpoint: 24° F Sunrise: 6:29 AM Sunset: 8:49 PM Grand Rapids Weather Forecast Radar Currently Webcams Sponsored by: Target 8 Report It Sports Sports Michigan Sports Scores Griffins Tigers Whitecaps River Bank Run Football Frenzy NCAA Football Lions Red Wings Pistons NCAA Hoops High School Latest Headlines Rosales’ 2-run single off Rodriguez in 9th lifts A’s over Tigers Updated: 4 mins ago Adam Rosales figured he would see a fastball at some point in his first career at-bat against Detroit closer Francisco Rodriguez. Griffins take 2-1 series lead over Wolves May 6, 2017 The Grand Rapids Griffins take Game 3 of their Calder Cup playoff series with the Chicago Wolves. Mud in your eye: Always Dreaming wins Kentucky Derby in slop May 6, 2017 Fulmer stays sharp a day later, Tigers beat A’s May 6, 2017 Cougars beat Whitecaps to start series May 5, 2017 eightWest eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal A New You Contests Entertainment Social Sizzle Latest Headlines Get the full “Dutch experience” at Veldheer Tulip Gardens May 5, 2017 This family-run garden provides a wide variety of tulips, Dutch pottery, wooden shoes, and so much more. Everything you need to create the perfect outdoor space May 4, 2017 Harder and Warner will draw up a landscaping plan for your yard, including step-by-step instructions for you to follow. Melanoma Awareness Month: how to keep your skin safe this spring May 4, 2017 Get rid of excess fat at Skin Envy Non-Surgical Weight Loss Centers May 3, 2017 Complimentary consultation for estate planning at Verity Law May 3, 2017 Community Community Connecting With Community Awards Calendar Pet of the Week Latest Headlines “Rhythm and Race” CWC Awards Finalist May 5, 2017 Telling untold stories about Grand Rapids music history KCAS pets of the week: Kimba and Mr. Pickles May 5, 2017 Meet Kimba and Mr. Pickles, this week’s featured pets from the Kent County Animal Shelter. Soldier, survivor, competitor brings message to Grand Rapids May 5, 2017 Community Rebuilders, Salvation Army & Veterans Administration: CWC Awards Finalist April 28, 2017 KCAS Pets of the Week: Amazon and Milo April 28, 2017 Contests More Email Alerts Text Alerts School Closing Emails Weather Warn Emails Submit Your Closing About Us Contact Us Work For Us Our Staff TV Schedule Drone 8 Obituaries Search for: Search the site 40° F Clear Hi: 58° F Lo: 40° F Mud in your eye: Always Dreaming wins Kentucky Derby in slop BETH HARRIS, AP Racing Writer Published: May 6, 2017, 6:42 pm Updated: May 6, 2017, 7:57 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) John Velazquez rides Always Dreaming to victory in the 143rd running of the Kentucky Derby horse race at Churchill Downs Saturday, May 6, 2017, in Louisville, Ky. (AP Photo/David J. Phillip) LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) — Always Dreaming splashed through the slop to win the Kentucky Derby by 2 3/4 lengths on Saturday, giving trainer Todd Pletcher and jockey John Velazquez their second victories in the race but their first together. Pletcher and Velazquez have teamed up often over the years and are the sport’s leading money winners. On their own, they were a combined 2 for 63 coming into America’s greatest race. In this image made with a tilt-shift lens, horses run through the first turn during the 143rd running of the Kentucky Derby horse race at Churchill Downs Saturday, May 6, 2017, in Louisville, Ky. (AP Photo/Matt Slocum) Together, they were unbeatable on a cool and rainy at Churchill Downs. Sent off at 9-2 odds, Always Dreaming made it the fifth straight year that a Derby favorite has won, the longest such stretch since the 1970s. Always Dreaming was followed across the finish line by a pair of longshots: 33-1 Lookin At Lee and 40-1 Battle of Midway. Always Dreaming ran 1 1/4 miles in 2:03.59 and paid $11.40, $7.20 and $5.80. Lookin At Lee returned $26.60 and $18.20, while Battle of Midway was another five lengths back in third and paid $20.80 to show. Pletcher won his first Derby in 2010 with Super Saver; Velazquez won the following year with Animal Kingdom. Going into his 17th Derby, Pletcher saddled the post-time favorite for the first time. Much had been made of his 1 for 45 Derby record. Altogether, he’s had 48 runners, tying mentor D. Wayne Lukas for the most in Derby history. “It’s becoming a little more respectable now,” Pletcher said. John Velazquez rides Always Dreaming to victory in the 143rd running of the Kentucky Derby horse race at Churchill Downs Saturday, May 6, 2017, in Louisville, Ky. (AP Photo/Morry Gash) Velazquez used his colt’s speed out of the gate to get good position early in a chaotic start that saw several horses, including Classic Empire, get sandwiched. He steered Always Dreaming into an ideal trip behind pacesetter State of Honor, with mud flying in all directions on a track that resembled creamy peanut butter. On the final turn, Always Dreaming took command as State of Honor faded. Despite chasing a quick early pace, Always Dreaming was still full of run. No other horses threatened him down the stretch and Velazquez furiously pumped his right arm as they crossed the finish line. Always Dreaming earned his fourth straight victory, proving that his five-length win in the Florida Derby was no fluke. By winning the Derby, he accomplished something his sire Bodemeister couldn’t do. Bodemeister finished second in the 2012 race. Classic Empire finished fourth, followed by Practical Joke, Tapwrit, Gunnevera, McCraken, Gormley and Irish War Cry. Hence was 11th, followed by Untrapped, Girvin, one-eyed Patch, J Boys Echo, Sonneteer, Fast And Accurate, Irap, and State of Honor. Pletcher also trains Tapwrit and Patch. Thunder Snow, the Dubai-based entry, didn’t finish. He broke poorly out of the starting gate and began bucking. He was caught by the outrider and he walked back to the barn on his own.   Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest More LinkedIn Tumblr Reddit Related Posts W MI wheelchair basketball team wins championship US bobsledder Steven Holcomb, 37, found dead Photos: Cardboard Bobsled Derby 2017 River Bank Run course is dry, ready for race Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending now on WOODTV.com Photo Galleries Photos: Party for the Planet 2017 Photos: Armed Forces Thanksgiving 2017 Photos: United Way’s 100 years in Kent Co. celebration Photos: March for Babies 2017 Photos: Excellence in Business Gala 2017 Featured on eightWest Get the full “Dutch experience” at Veldheer Tulip Gardens Everything you need to create the perfect outdoor space Melanoma Awareness Month: how to keep your skin safe this spring Get rid of excess fat at Skin Envy Non-Surgical Weight Loss Centers Complimentary consultation for estate planning at Verity Law Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WOODTV.com © 1998-2017 woodtv.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Community eightWest Ask The Expert Reveal a New You Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File Closed Captioning Concerns EEO Report Children’s TV Report Partners WOTV 4 Women Media General Station About Us Contact Us Our Staff TV Schedule Work For Us Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
WSOC Charlotte LIVE http://www.wsoctv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WSOC Charlotte SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wsoc profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12388525 Home 12388579 News National & World News Report Breaking News WSOC-TV apps Recalls Taxes Vote Live 12388531 Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Video Sign Up! Closing Alerts Viewer Weather Pics Current Closings Report Closings Closings Instructions WSOC-TV Weather Apps 12388633 Traffic NC Traffic Cameras SC Traffic Cameras Gas Prices Flight Tracker 12388669 Sports Big 22 Charlotte Hornets NASCAR HSFB Scoreboard High School Football Carolina Panthers 12388795 9 Investigates Action 9 Whistleblower 9 Chopper 9 Skyzoom 12388717 Video WSOC-TV Live Live Breaking News 187156215 9 Food Drive Family Focus 9 School Tools Books for Kids Black Heritage 12388819 Entertainment GoCarolinas Contests 12388873 More About Us Contact Us TV64 Toyota of North Charlotte The Daily Two Advertise With Us Closed Captioning What's On Channel 9 What's On TV64 Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Meet The Staff Talent Request Form More Soggy Kentucky Derby day doesn't dampen party for some fans by: BRUCE SCHREINER, Associated Press Updated: May 6, 2017 - 7:36 PM Twtter LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - Danielle Bunker's flowery hat drooped and rain dripped from her pink poncho as she settled into the waterlogged Churchill Downs infield, but she wasn't going to let gloomy weather dampen her Kentucky Derby bachelorette party. "It's all in the experience," Bunker, 28, said Saturday morning as she munched on a pretzel and prepared for a daylong party with nine friends who set up lawn chairs near the giant videoboard looming over the infield. "We're bummed but we're from Ohio, so we're used to it," she said of the unfavorable weather. "We'll make do." Morning rain, combined with steady rainfall the day before, turned part of the sprawling infield into a muddy pit hours before the Derby on Saturday. But hardy fans staked out spots to watch what for some was a first-time experience and for many was a yearly pilgrimage to the world's most famous horse race. The early rain didn't spoil the party for the crowd of 158,070 - the seventh-largest in the race's 143-year history - that watched Always Dreaming win the Run for the Roses. The rain clouds departed before the race. Ponchos and rain boots were in fashion on a day usually devoted to sundresses, fancy suits and people-watching between horse races. Sunshine emerged by early afternoon, but fans endured another round of late-afternoon showers, briefly forcing them to break out rain gear again. The rain moved out of the area well before the Derby went off in the early evening. The last Derby run on a sloppy track was 2013 when Orb splashed home in front. While the well-heeled and those with the right connections stayed dry under cover, fans on the infield endured a wet, cold morning when temperatures were in the 40s. Bobby McGohon from nearby Lexington, attending his 33rd straight Derby, constructed a makeshift tent with lawn chairs and tarps to stay dry. Another tarp served as a floor to keep his feet dry. "We've got it down," he said. "We've been preparing for this. We've got everything we need." Erin Smith and Melissa Logan made a run for cover on the infield as the morning rain poured. "This is totally cramping my style," said Logan, a 37-year-old from Colorado, a coat zipped up over the dress she bought new for her first Derby. They made their own fascinators in blue and yellow, piled high with feathers and price tags exceeding $100. Smith lives in Louisville and was attending the Derby for the seventh time. "This is the absolute worst one," she moaned over the rain. "Usually I worry whether I brought enough sunscreen. Today, I bought a $15 poncho." Many fans wore multiple layers of clothes to contend with the cold, damp conditions. Kelly Stariha, a Kentucky native, has a three-footwear strategy for braving the infield during dreary Derbies that she shared with her two friends visiting from Michigan. Each woman wore rain boots, then tucked a pair of heels and a pair of flip flops in their purse. "So when we want to feel posh, we can leave the galoshes here," she said from their muddy camp along the fence at the backstretch. "We wear flips through the mud to the grandstand, then change into heels and pretend for a while." Sherry Vigeant drove from Massachusetts so her daughter, Sophie, could celebrate her 14th birthday at the Derby. Mom and daughter sported new outfits and hats, but a last-minute purchase at Wal-Mart was their most practical one as they prepared for a wet day in the grandstand. "Our 99-cent ponchos are probably the most important thing that we have here," Sherry Vigeant said. Tyler Lavoie, a 23-year-old soldier from nearby Fort Knox, draped a plastic poncho over his multicolored suit. He decided to attend his first Derby before shipping out for his next Army assignment in Alaska later in the month. "It kind of sucks," he said of the foul weather. "But we're still going to bet, still going to drink. So we'll be fine." Lavoie said he's used to being out in tough weather conditions as a soldier, but planned to find cover at the track. "We've been in the rain a lot," he said. "But it doesn't mean we like to be." Amid the usual Derby fare of celebrities, pomp and fashion, there was a quirky side. Peggy Miller plodded around the track dressed as a trash can filled with empty beer cans. "I'm representing all the partiers," the 59-year-old Derby regular said. The rain inspired Smith and Logan to think up a moneymaking strategy, in case it rains again for their next Derby. The friends bought their ponchos for less than a dollar at Wal-Mart. "They're selling them for $15 here," Smith said. "Forget betting. That's how to make some money." ___ Reporters Dylan Lovan and Claire Galofaro contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Soggy Kentucky Derby day doesn't dampen party for some fans Mud in your eye: Always Dreaming wins Kentucky Derby in slop Historic Calumet Farm back in Kentucky Derby with 3 entrants The Latest: Always Dreaming wins Kentucky Derby in slop Kentucky Derby lacks dominant runner, chance of early rain News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WSOC-TV Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WSOC - TV What's on WSOC - TV Closed Captioning WSOC - TV EEOC Statement WSOC - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WSOC - TV Public File WAXN - TV EEOC Statement WAXN - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WAXN - TV Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Latest Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip Things to Do TV Movies Arts Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Health Biz Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business Investing Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe news — Nation and World Soggy Kentucky Derby day doesn't dampen party for some fans Updated: May 6, 2017 — 6:36 PM EDT Facebook icon 0Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Popular Stories Eagles haven't fully addressed cornerback needs May 6 - 9:30 AM Eagles see Nate Gerry as a linebacker now May 5 - 8:54 PM Fans arrive for the 143rd running of the Kentucky Derby horse race at Churchill Downs Saturday, May 6, 2017, in Louisville, Ky. (AP Photo/John Minchillo) by BRUCE SCHREINER, The Associated Press Close icon BRUCE SCHREINER The Associated Press LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - Danielle Bunker's flowery hat drooped and rain dripped from her pink poncho as she settled into the waterlogged Churchill Downs infield, but she wasn't going to let gloomy weather dampen her Kentucky Derby bachelorette party. Slideshow Soggy Kentucky Derby day doesn't dampen party for some fans Advertisment of Gallery: Facebook icon Twitter icon Pinterest Mail icon "It's all in the experience," Bunker, 28, said Saturday morning as she munched on a pretzel and prepared for a daylong party with nine friends who set up lawn chairs near the giant videoboard looming over the infield. "We're bummed but we're from Ohio, so we're used to it," she said of the unfavorable weather. "We'll make do." Morning rain, combined with steady rainfall the day before, turned part of the sprawling infield into a muddy pit hours before the Derby on Saturday. But hardy fans staked out spots to watch what for some was a first-time experience and for many was a yearly pilgrimage to the world's most famous horse race. The early rain didn't spoil the party for the crowd of 158,070 - the seventh-largest in the race's 143-year history - that watched Always Dreaming win the Run for the Roses. The rain clouds departed before the race. Ponchos and rain boots were in fashion on a day usually devoted to sundresses, fancy suits and people-watching between horse races. Sunshine emerged by early afternoon, but fans endured another round of late-afternoon showers, briefly forcing them to break out rain gear again. The rain moved out of the area well before the Derby went off in the early evening. The last Derby run on a sloppy track was 2013 when Orb splashed home in front. While the well-heeled and those with the right connections stayed dry under cover, fans on the infield endured a wet, cold morning when temperatures were in the 40s. Bobby McGohon from nearby Lexington, attending his 33rd straight Derby, constructed a makeshift tent with lawn chairs and tarps to stay dry. Another tarp served as a floor to keep his feet dry. "We've got it down," he said. "We've been preparing for this. We've got everything we need." Erin Smith and Melissa Logan made a run for cover on the infield as the morning rain poured. "This is totally cramping my style," said Logan, a 37-year-old from Colorado, a coat zipped up over the dress she bought new for her first Derby. They made their own fascinators in blue and yellow, piled high with feathers and price tags exceeding $100. Smith lives in Louisville and was attending the Derby for the seventh time. "This is the absolute worst one," she moaned over the rain. "Usually I worry whether I brought enough sunscreen. Today, I bought a $15 poncho." Many fans wore multiple layers of clothes to contend with the cold, damp conditions. Kelly Stariha, a Kentucky native, has a three-footwear strategy for braving the infield during dreary Derbies that she shared with her two friends visiting from Michigan. Each woman wore rain boots, then tucked a pair of heels and a pair of flip flops in their purse. "So when we want to feel posh, we can leave the galoshes here," she said from their muddy camp along the fence at the backstretch. "We wear flips through the mud to the grandstand, then change into heels and pretend for a while." Sherry Vigeant drove from Massachusetts so her daughter, Sophie, could celebrate her 14th birthday at the Derby. Mom and daughter sported new outfits and hats, but a last-minute purchase at Wal-Mart was their most practical one as they prepared for a wet day in the grandstand. "Our 99-cent ponchos are probably the most important thing that we have here," Sherry Vigeant said. Tyler Lavoie, a 23-year-old soldier from nearby Fort Knox, draped a plastic poncho over his multicolored suit. He decided to attend his first Derby before shipping out for his next Army assignment in Alaska later in the month. "It kind of sucks," he said of the foul weather. "But we're still going to bet, still going to drink. So we'll be fine." Lavoie said he's used to being out in tough weather conditions as a soldier, but planned to find cover at the track. "We've been in the rain a lot," he said. "But it doesn't mean we like to be." Amid the usual Derby fare of celebrities, pomp and fashion, there was a quirky side. Peggy Miller plodded around the track dressed as a trash can filled with empty beer cans. "I'm representing all the partiers," the 59-year-old Derby regular said. The rain inspired Smith and Logan to think up a moneymaking strategy, in case it rains again for their next Derby. The friends bought their ponchos for less than a dollar at Wal-Mart. "They're selling them for $15 here," Smith said. "Forget betting. That's how to make some money." ___ Reporters Dylan Lovan and Claire Galofaro contributed to this report. Published: May 6, 2017 — 4:48 PM EDT | Updated: May 6, 2017 — 6:36 PM EDT Thanks for your continued support... We recently asked you to support our journalism. The response, in a word, is heartening. You have encouraged us in our mission — to provide quality news and watchdog journalism. Some of you have even followed through with subscriptions, which is especially gratifying. Our role as an independent, fact-based news organization has never been clearer. And our promise to you is that we will always strive to provide indispensable journalism to our community. Subscriptions are available for home delivery of the print edition and for a digital replica viewable on your mobile device or computer. Subscriptions start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. Continue Reading More in news Eagles Now Buffalo Bills interview Eagles' college scouting director Blue Cross Broad Street Run After losing 225 pounds, Philly woman tackles Broad Street Run Phillies Phillies catchers have been 'OK,' but more is needed Sapong and Blake propel Union to first win Always Dreaming wins Kentucky Derby Love of the game takes Parc chef to Camden, where he feeds the 76ers Mo'ne Davis still a star on the diamonds Doctor is a Fierce competitor in the Broad Street Run Who are the Penn State students facing manslaughter charges? Saying goodbye to Montrose Street, and its cast of characters Dick Vermeil, Michael Bloomberg, Little Steven: The who’s who of 2017 college graduation speakers Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor Soggy Kentucky Derby day doesn't dampen party for some fans Sports & Leisure Associated Press · Louisville, Ky. · May 6, 2017 Danielle Bunker's flowery hat drooped and rain dripped from her pink poncho as she settled into the waterlogged Churchill Downs infield, but she wasn't going to let gloomy weather dampen her Kentucky Derby bachelorette party. "It's all in the experience," Bunker, 28, said Saturday as she munched on a pretzel and prepared for a daylong party with nine friends who set up lawn chairs near the giant videoboard. "We're bummed but we're from Ohio, so we're used to it. We'll make do." Steady rain turned part of the sprawling infield into a muddy pit hours before the Derby. But some hardy fans staked out spots to watch what for some is a first-time experience and for many is a yearly pilgrimage to the world's most famous horse race. Ponchos and rain boots were in fashion on a day usually devoted to sundresses, fancy suits and people-watching between horse races. Rain was predicted to end hours before the Derby went off in the early evening. The last Derby run on a sloppy track was 2013 when Orb splashed home in front. Skies were clearing by early afternoon on Saturday. While the well-heeled and those with the right connections stayed dry under cover, fans on the infield endured a wet, cold morning. Bobby McGohon from nearby Lexington, attending his 33rd straight Derby, constructed a makeshift tent with lawn chairs and tarps to stay dry. Another tarp served as a floor to keep their feet dry. "We've got it down," he said. "We've been preparing for this. We've got everything we need." Erin Smith and Melissa Logan made a run for cover on the infield as the rain poured. "This is totally cramping my style," said Logan, a 37-year-old from Colorado, a coat zipped up over the dress she bought new for her first Derby. They made their own fascinators in blue and yellow, piled high with feathers and price tags exceeding $100. Smith lives in Louisville and was attending the Derby for the seventh time. "This is the absolute worst one," she moaned over the rain. "Usually I worry whether I brought enough sunscreen. Today, I bought a $15 poncho." Many fans wore multiple layers of clothes to contend with the cold, damp conditions. Kelly Stariha, a Kentucky native, has a three-footwear strategy for braving the infield during dreary Derbies that she shared with her two friends visiting from Michigan. Each woman wore rainboots, then tucked a pair of heels and a pair of flip flops in their purse. "So when we want to feel posh, we can leave the galoshes here," she said from their muddy camp along the fence at the backstretch. "We wear flips through the mud to the grandstand, then change into heels and pretend for a while." Sherry Vigeant drove from Massachusetts so her daughter, Sophie, could celebrate her 14th birthday at the Derby. Mom and daughter sported new outfits and hats, but a last-minute purchase at Wal-Mart was their most practical one as they prepared for a wet day in the grandstand. "Our 99-cent ponchos are probably the most important thing that we have here," Sherry Vigeant said. Tyler Lavoie, a 23-year-old soldier from nearby Fort Knox, draped a plastic poncho over his multicolored suit. He decided to attend his first Derby before shipping out for his next Army assignment in Alaska later in the month. "It kind of sucks," he said of the foul weather. "But we're still going to bet, still going to drink. So we'll be fine." Lavoie said he's used to being out in tough weather conditions as a soldier, but planned to find cover at the track. "We've been in the rain a lot," he said. "But it doesn't mean we like to be." The rain inspired Smith and Logan to think up a moneymaking strategy, in case it rains again for their next Derby. The friends bought their ponchos for less than a dollar at Wal-Mart. "They're selling them for $15 here," Smith said. "Forget betting. That's how to make some money." Stay Informed The news on your schedule from MPR News Update Email Address* Zip Code MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous Pentagon says Navy SEAL was killed in Somalia operation 3 hours ago Next Pro-Trump rally draws other clashing groups 53 minutes ago Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
News Sports Business Real Estate 65° Full Menu 65° Home Customer Service Customer Service Archives Buy Photos and Pages Contact Us E-edition Newsletters Subscribe Subscriber Services News News Crime Local Databases Education Lakewood Ranch Herald Lottery Nation & World Politics Special Projects Submit a News Tip Weather Weird News Blogs & Columnists Breaking News Blog I Am Woman Hear Me Write Sports All Sports Rays Spring Training Bucs High Schools FSU UF USF Outdoors Tennis Blogs & Columnists David Wilson Alan Dell Jason Dill Politics Politics Elections Business All Business Real Estate News Retail Small Business Port Manatee Living All Living Food & Drink Health Pets Religion Blogs & Columnists Cooking With Local Chefs Gulf Coast Cooking Cravings by Janelle O'Dea Entertainment All Entertainment Arts & Culture Fairs & Festivals Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Restaurants Local Events Movies Music TV Blogs & Columnists Marty Clear Opinion All Opinion Editorials Editorial Cartoons Letters Opinion Columns Submit a Letter Obituaries Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Place An Ad About Us Business May 06, 2017 2:01 PM Independent liquor stores fight 'Whiskey and Wheaties Bill' The Associated Press LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story ORLANDO, Fla. Owners of small, independent liquor stores in central Florida are asking customers to support their efforts urging the governor to veto a bill allowing the sale of spirits in grocery stores. A proposal nicknamed the "Whiskey and Wheaties Bill" (SB 106) would allow grocery stores, big box retailers and other stores to sell liquor alongside wine, beer and other products. Gov. Rick Scott could sign the bill into law, after it passed the Florida Legislature last month with a one-vote margin in the House. Since Prohibition ended, Florida law has required retailers to sell liquor apart from other products in side stores separated by a wall. Independent liquor store owners opposed the bill, saying supermarkets and big box stores could drive them out of business as they gradually add liquor to their shelves, starting in 2018. "Not only do they have a price and convenience advantage, but grocery stores will have the power to kick us out when our lease is up," Bully's Liquor owner Steve Park told the Orlando Sentinel (http://bit.ly/2qbhaAj ). "If our landlord had to choose between us and the grocery store next door, we would be gone." At Park's stores last week, employees asked every customer to sign the petition asking Scott to veto the bill. "If we lose 20 percent of our business, we don't have the money to turn the lights on," Park said. Jason Unger, a lobbyist for Target who testified in a Florida Senate hearing in January, said the bill allows supermarkets and big box retailers to meet their customers' demands. The bill is the latest legislative proposal to change how beer, liquor and wine can be made, distributed and sold in Florida. For example, brewers and distillers now can sell their products directly to consumers in pubs and in takeout jugs called growlers. There are 209 active liquor stores in Orange, Seminole, Osceola and Lake counties, according to data from the Florida Department of Business and Professional Regulations. Most are run by large chains, such as Publix or ABC Fine Wine and Spirits. In recent years, large retailers such as Publix and Wal-Mart have expanded the number of liquor stores attached to their existing grocery stores. Orlando-based ABC Fine Wine and Spirits is not worried about competition, said CEO Charles Bailes, but he opposed the "Whiskey and Wheaties Bill" because he said it would increase access to alcohol for minors. Publix officials also opposed the bill because of similar concerns. George Knightly, a founder of the Florida Independent Spirits Association, said he wasn't sure how his five Knightly Spirits in the Orlando would compete with larger retailers. "Big-box stores have an enormous amount of leverage and clout. If you go into most grocery store plazas, you don't see any butchers or florists because there is a no-compete clause," he said. Bully's Liquor customer Leona Hutchinson of Orlando said she didn't mind making a stop in a separate store just to buy liquor. "It seems like the grocery should stay with the groceries and the liquor with the liquor," she said. "I don't understand the big deal." LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago COMMERCIAL: Kraft Mac & Cheese celebrates swearing 'like a mother' 1:36 a day ago COMMERCIAL: Kraft Mac & Cheese celebrates swearing 'like a mother' 2:32 5 days ago United Airlines CEO apologizes again at hearing on customer service concerns 2:16 10 days ago Long-time Bradenton civic volunteer and businessman retiring View More Video Business French cybersecurity agency to probe Macron hacking attack French watchdog: large amount of Macron data leaked Crumbling roads and bridges bring higher taxes and fees Congressman faces angry constituents after health care vote Make way for transcontinental highway, CANAMEX Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions E-Edition (Digital Replica) Subscriber Services Newsletters Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Instagram Mobile Advertising Place a Classified Ad Advertise with Us Shopping Local Deals Special Sections Public Notices More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor Soggy Kentucky Derby day doesn't dampen party for some fans Sports & Leisure Associated Press · Louisville, Ky. · May 6, 2017 Danielle Bunker's flowery hat drooped and rain dripped from her pink poncho as she settled into the waterlogged Churchill Downs infield, but she wasn't going to let gloomy weather dampen her Kentucky Derby bachelorette party. "It's all in the experience," Bunker, 28, said Saturday as she munched on a pretzel and prepared for a daylong party with nine friends who set up lawn chairs near the giant videoboard. "We're bummed but we're from Ohio, so we're used to it. We'll make do." Steady rain turned part of the sprawling infield into a muddy pit hours before the Derby. But some hardy fans staked out spots to watch what for some is a first-time experience and for many is a yearly pilgrimage to the world's most famous horse race. Ponchos and rain boots were in fashion on a day usually devoted to sundresses, fancy suits and people-watching between horse races. Rain was predicted to end hours before the Derby went off in the early evening. The last Derby run on a sloppy track was 2013 when Orb splashed home in front. Skies were clearing by early afternoon on Saturday. While the well-heeled and those with the right connections stayed dry under cover, fans on the infield endured a wet, cold morning. Bobby McGohon from nearby Lexington, attending his 33rd straight Derby, constructed a makeshift tent with lawn chairs and tarps to stay dry. Another tarp served as a floor to keep their feet dry. "We've got it down," he said. "We've been preparing for this. We've got everything we need." Erin Smith and Melissa Logan made a run for cover on the infield as the rain poured. "This is totally cramping my style," said Logan, a 37-year-old from Colorado, a coat zipped up over the dress she bought new for her first Derby. They made their own fascinators in blue and yellow, piled high with feathers and price tags exceeding $100. Smith lives in Louisville and was attending the Derby for the seventh time. "This is the absolute worst one," she moaned over the rain. "Usually I worry whether I brought enough sunscreen. Today, I bought a $15 poncho." Many fans wore multiple layers of clothes to contend with the cold, damp conditions. Kelly Stariha, a Kentucky native, has a three-footwear strategy for braving the infield during dreary Derbies that she shared with her two friends visiting from Michigan. Each woman wore rainboots, then tucked a pair of heels and a pair of flip flops in their purse. "So when we want to feel posh, we can leave the galoshes here," she said from their muddy camp along the fence at the backstretch. "We wear flips through the mud to the grandstand, then change into heels and pretend for a while." Sherry Vigeant drove from Massachusetts so her daughter, Sophie, could celebrate her 14th birthday at the Derby. Mom and daughter sported new outfits and hats, but a last-minute purchase at Wal-Mart was their most practical one as they prepared for a wet day in the grandstand. "Our 99-cent ponchos are probably the most important thing that we have here," Sherry Vigeant said. Tyler Lavoie, a 23-year-old soldier from nearby Fort Knox, draped a plastic poncho over his multicolored suit. He decided to attend his first Derby before shipping out for his next Army assignment in Alaska later in the month. "It kind of sucks," he said of the foul weather. "But we're still going to bet, still going to drink. So we'll be fine." Lavoie said he's used to being out in tough weather conditions as a soldier, but planned to find cover at the track. "We've been in the rain a lot," he said. "But it doesn't mean we like to be." The rain inspired Smith and Logan to think up a moneymaking strategy, in case it rains again for their next Derby. The friends bought their ponchos for less than a dollar at Wal-Mart. "They're selling them for $15 here," Smith said. "Forget betting. That's how to make some money." Stay Informed The news on your schedule from MPR News Update Email Address* Zip Code MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous Pentagon says Navy SEAL was killed in Somalia operation 13 hours ago Next Pro-Trump rally draws other clashing groups 11 hours ago Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
SUBSCRIBE NOW$5.00 a month Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe More Home News Sports Business Autos Life + Home Entertainment Opinion Photo + Video Subscribe Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Log Out Follow Search Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 2 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Soggy Kentucky Derby day doesn’t dampen party Steady rain turned part of the sprawling infield into a muddy pit hours before the Derby Post to Facebook Soggy Kentucky Derby day doesn’t dampen party Steady rain turned part of the sprawling infield into a muddy pit hours before the Derby  Check out this story on detroitnews.com: http://detne.ws/2pRxYLT {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Soggy Kentucky Derby day doesn’t dampen party Bruce Schreiner, Associated Press Published 2:10 p.m. ET May 6, 2017 | Updated 7 hours ago A woman wearing a festive hat looks on prior to the 143rd running of the Kentucky Derby at Churchill Downs on Saturday in Louisville, Kentucky. (Photo: Gregory Shamus / Getty Images) 2 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Louisville, Ky. — Danielle Bunker’s flowery hat drooped and rain dripped from her pink poncho as she settled into the waterlogged Churchill Downs infield, but she wasn’t going to let gloomy weather dampen her Kentucky Derby bachelorette party. “It’s all in the experience,” Bunker, 28, said Saturday morning as she munched on a pretzel and prepared for a daylong party with nine friends who set up lawn chairs near the giant videoboard looming over the infield. “We’re bummed but we’re from Ohio, so we’re used to it,” she said of the unfavorable weather. “We’ll make do.” Morning rain, combined with steady rainfall the day before, turned part of the sprawling infield into a muddy pit hours before the Derby on Saturday. But hardy fans staked out spots to watch what for some was a first-time experience and for many was a yearly pilgrimage to the world’s most famous horse race. The early rain didn’t spoil the party for the crowd of 158,070 — the seventh-largest in the race’s 143-year history — that watched Always Dreaming win the Run for the Roses. The rain clouds departed before the race. Ponchos and rain boots were in fashion on a day usually devoted to sundresses, fancy suits and people-watching between horse races. Sunshine emerged by early afternoon, but fans endured another round of late-afternoon showers, briefly forcing them to break out rain gear again. The rain moved out of the area well before the Derby went off in the early evening. The last Derby run on a sloppy track was 2013 when Orb splashed home in front. While the well-heeled and those with the right connections stayed dry under cover, fans on the infield endured a wet, cold morning when temperatures were in the 40s. Bobby McGohon from nearby Lexington, attending his 33rd straight Derby, constructed a makeshift tent with lawn chairs and tarps to stay dry. Another tarp served as a floor to keep his feet dry. “We’ve got it down,” he said. “We’ve been preparing for this. We’ve got everything we need.” Erin Smith and Melissa Logan made a run for cover on the infield as the morning rain poured. “This is totally cramping my style,” said Logan, a 37-year-old from Colorado, a coat zipped up over the dress she bought new for her first Derby. They made their own fascinators in blue and yellow, piled high with feathers and price tags exceeding $100. Smith lives in Louisville and was attending the Derby for the seventh time. “This is the absolute worst one,” she moaned over the rain. “Usually I worry whether I brought enough sunscreen. Today, I bought a $15 poncho.” Many fans wore multiple layers of clothes to contend with the cold, damp conditions. Kelly Stariha, a Kentucky native, has a three-footwear strategy for braving the infield during dreary Derbies that she shared with her two friends visiting from Michigan. Each woman wore rain boots, then tucked a pair of heels and a pair of flip flops in their purse. “So when we want to feel posh, we can leave the galoshes here,” she said from their muddy camp along the fence at the backstretch. “We wear flips through the mud to the grandstand, then change into heels and pretend for a while.” Sherry Vigeant drove from Massachusetts so her daughter, Sophie, could celebrate her 14th birthday at the Derby. Mom and daughter sported new outfits and hats, but a last-minute purchase at Wal-Mart was their most practical one as they prepared for a wet day in the grandstand. “Our 99-cent ponchos are probably the most important thing that we have here,” Sherry Vigeant said. Tyler Lavoie, a 23-year-old soldier from nearby Fort Knox, draped a plastic poncho over his multicolored suit. He decided to attend his first Derby before shipping out for his next Army assignment in Alaska later in the month. “It kind of sucks,” he said of the foul weather. “But we’re still going to bet, still going to drink. So we’ll be fine.” Lavoie said he’s used to being out in tough weather conditions as a soldier, but planned to find cover at the track. “We’ve been in the rain a lot,” he said. “But it doesn’t mean we like to be.” Amid the usual Derby fare of celebrities, pomp and fashion, there was a quirky side. Peggy Miller plodded around the track dressed as a trash can filled with empty beer cans. “I’m representing all the partiers,” the 59-year-old Derby regular said. The rain inspired Smith and Logan to think up a moneymaking strategy, in case it rains again for their next Derby. The friends bought their ponchos for less than a dollar at Wal-Mart. “They’re selling them for $15 here,” Smith said. “Forget betting. That’s how to make some money.” Reporters Dylan Lovan and Claire Galofaro contributed to this report. What: 143rd running, first leg of thoroughbred horseracing’s Triple Crown Where: Churchill Downs, Louisville, Ky. When: 6:46 p.m. Saturday TV: NBC Purse: $2 million; $1.425 million to winner 2 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Read or Share this story: http://detne.ws/2pRxYLT TOP VIDEOS LifeBuilders' mission to revitalize Detroit’s Regent Park 1:37 Dog owner talks about maulings 1:30 Lyft driver shot at after kicking out passengers 2:17 St. Charles Residence to bring new condos to Islandview neighborhood 1:21 Raw video: Shuttered Detroit animal center demolished 1:37 Century Partners invest in Detroit 3:46 Bus driver shot after ejecting DDOT bus passenger 0:12 Surveillance footage of Walgreens break-in 0:10 Surveillance video of Huron Room break-in suspects 0:09 Patterson concerned about job skills gap 2:51
WFTV Orlando LIVE http://www.wftv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WFTV Orlando SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wftv profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12384721 Home 12384770 News County by County National/World News 9 Investigates Action 9 CFL Spotlight Politics Watch Live Pulse Shooting 12384727 Weather 5 Day Forecast LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Local Maps Hour-by-Hour Facts and Hacks Lifestyle Forecasts 12384812 Traffic Traffic News I-4 Ultimate Project Pump Patrol 12384830 Sports High School Football Orlando Magic Orlando City Soccer College & Pro Sports 12384884 Videos 12384962 9 Family TV 27 Community Connection Science Center Weather Experience Cox Conserves Aging Parents 12385010 Home Experts Toyota of Orlando Toyota of Clermont Shop CFL Legal Headlines The Daily Two Automotive Buy/Sell 12384974 icFlorida Local Events Entertainment Movies Pets Theme Parks/Attractions Contests 12385052 ABOUT WFTV WFTV News Team WFTV Mobile Apps WFTV Listings TV 27 TV Listings WFTV.com Media Kit WFTV.com Member Help Jobs at WFTV/WRDQ More Soggy Kentucky Derby day doesn't dampen party for some fans by: BRUCE SCHREINER, Associated Press Updated: May 6, 2017 - 7:36 PM Twtter LOUISVILLE, Ky. (AP) - Danielle Bunker's flowery hat drooped and rain dripped from her pink poncho as she settled into the waterlogged Churchill Downs infield, but she wasn't going to let gloomy weather dampen her Kentucky Derby bachelorette party. "It's all in the experience," Bunker, 28, said Saturday morning as she munched on a pretzel and prepared for a daylong party with nine friends who set up lawn chairs near the giant videoboard looming over the infield. "We're bummed but we're from Ohio, so we're used to it," she said of the unfavorable weather. "We'll make do." Morning rain, combined with steady rainfall the day before, turned part of the sprawling infield into a muddy pit hours before the Derby on Saturday. But hardy fans staked out spots to watch what for some was a first-time experience and for many was a yearly pilgrimage to the world's most famous horse race. The early rain didn't spoil the party for the crowd of 158,070 - the seventh-largest in the race's 143-year history - that watched Always Dreaming win the Run for the Roses. The rain clouds departed before the race. Ponchos and rain boots were in fashion on a day usually devoted to sundresses, fancy suits and people-watching between horse races. Sunshine emerged by early afternoon, but fans endured another round of late-afternoon showers, briefly forcing them to break out rain gear again. The rain moved out of the area well before the Derby went off in the early evening. The last Derby run on a sloppy track was 2013 when Orb splashed home in front. While the well-heeled and those with the right connections stayed dry under cover, fans on the infield endured a wet, cold morning when temperatures were in the 40s. Bobby McGohon from nearby Lexington, attending his 33rd straight Derby, constructed a makeshift tent with lawn chairs and tarps to stay dry. Another tarp served as a floor to keep his feet dry. "We've got it down," he said. "We've been preparing for this. We've got everything we need." Erin Smith and Melissa Logan made a run for cover on the infield as the morning rain poured. "This is totally cramping my style," said Logan, a 37-year-old from Colorado, a coat zipped up over the dress she bought new for her first Derby. They made their own fascinators in blue and yellow, piled high with feathers and price tags exceeding $100. Smith lives in Louisville and was attending the Derby for the seventh time. "This is the absolute worst one," she moaned over the rain. "Usually I worry whether I brought enough sunscreen. Today, I bought a $15 poncho." Many fans wore multiple layers of clothes to contend with the cold, damp conditions. Kelly Stariha, a Kentucky native, has a three-footwear strategy for braving the infield during dreary Derbies that she shared with her two friends visiting from Michigan. Each woman wore rain boots, then tucked a pair of heels and a pair of flip flops in their purse. "So when we want to feel posh, we can leave the galoshes here," she said from their muddy camp along the fence at the backstretch. "We wear flips through the mud to the grandstand, then change into heels and pretend for a while." Sherry Vigeant drove from Massachusetts so her daughter, Sophie, could celebrate her 14th birthday at the Derby. Mom and daughter sported new outfits and hats, but a last-minute purchase at Wal-Mart was their most practical one as they prepared for a wet day in the grandstand. "Our 99-cent ponchos are probably the most important thing that we have here," Sherry Vigeant said. Tyler Lavoie, a 23-year-old soldier from nearby Fort Knox, draped a plastic poncho over his multicolored suit. He decided to attend his first Derby before shipping out for his next Army assignment in Alaska later in the month. "It kind of sucks," he said of the foul weather. "But we're still going to bet, still going to drink. So we'll be fine." Lavoie said he's used to being out in tough weather conditions as a soldier, but planned to find cover at the track. "We've been in the rain a lot," he said. "But it doesn't mean we like to be." Amid the usual Derby fare of celebrities, pomp and fashion, there was a quirky side. Peggy Miller plodded around the track dressed as a trash can filled with empty beer cans. "I'm representing all the partiers," the 59-year-old Derby regular said. The rain inspired Smith and Logan to think up a moneymaking strategy, in case it rains again for their next Derby. The friends bought their ponchos for less than a dollar at Wal-Mart. "They're selling them for $15 here," Smith said. "Forget betting. That's how to make some money." ___ Reporters Dylan Lovan and Claire Galofaro contributed to this report. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Twtter Soggy Kentucky Derby day doesn't dampen party for some fans Mud in your eye: Always Dreaming wins Kentucky Derby in slop Historic Calumet Farm back in Kentucky Derby with 3 entrants The Latest: Always Dreaming wins Kentucky Derby in slop Kentucky Derby lacks dominant runner, chance of early rain News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WFTV Weather Weather LIVE: Doppler 9 HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WFTV EEOC Statement WFTV Public File WRDQ Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Sunday, May 07, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Nation Soggy Kentucky Derby day doesn't dampen party for some fans Ponchos and rain boots are in fashion on a day ASSOCIATED PRESS Published on May 6, 2017 | Updated 3:56 p. m. A woman wears a hat before the 143rd running of the Kentucky Derby horse race at Churchill Downs today in Louisville, Ky. ASSOCIATED PRESS A woman looks at her phone before the 143rd running of the Kentucky Derby horse race at Churchill Downs today. ASSOCIATED PRESS A horse walks on a muddy track before the 143rd running of the Kentucky Derby horse race at Churchill Downs. ASSOCIATED PRESS Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print LOUISVILLE — Danielle Bunker’s flowery hat drooped and rain dripped from her pink poncho as she settled into the waterlogged Churchill Downs infield, but she wasn’t going to let gloomy weather dampen her Kentucky Derby bachelorette party. “It’s all in the experience,” Bunker, 28, said today as she munched on a pretzel and prepared for a daylong party with nine friends who set up lawn chairs near the giant videoboard. “We’re bummed but we’re from Ohio, so we’re used to it. We’ll make do.” Steady rain turned part of the sprawling infield into a muddy pit hours before the Derby. But some hardy fans staked out spots to watch what for some is a first-time experience and for many is a yearly pilgrimage to the world’s most famous horse race. Ponchos and rain boots were in fashion on a day usually devoted to sundresses, fancy suits and people-watching between horse races. Rain was predicted to end hours before the Derby went off in the early evening. The last Derby run on a sloppy track was 2013 when Orb splashed home in front. Skies were clearing by early afternoon today. While the well-heeled and those with the right connections stayed dry under cover, fans on the infield endured a wet, cold morning.   Bobby McGohon from nearby Lexington, attending his 33rd straight Derby, constructed a makeshift tent with lawn chairs and tarps to stay dry. Another tarp served as a floor to keep their feet dry. “We’ve got it down,” he said. “We’ve been preparing for this. We’ve got everything we need.” Erin Smith and Melissa Logan made a run for cover on the infield as the rain poured. “This is totally cramping my style,” said Logan, a 37-year-old from Colorado, a coat zipped up over the dress she bought new for her first Derby. They made their own fascinators in blue and yellow, piled high with feathers and price tags exceeding $100. Smith lives in Louisville and was attending the Derby for the seventh time. “This is the absolute worst one,” she moaned over the rain. “Usually I worry whether I brought enough sunscreen. Today, I bought a $15 poncho.” Many fans wore multiple layers of clothes to contend with the cold, damp conditions. Kelly Stariha, a Kentucky native, has a three-footwear strategy for braving the infield during dreary Derbies that she shared with her two friends visiting from Michigan. Each woman wore rainboots, then tucked a pair of heels and a pair of flip flops in their purse. “So when we want to feel posh, we can leave the galoshes here,” she said from their muddy camp along the fence at the backstretch. “We wear flips through the mud to the grandstand, then change into heels and pretend for a while.” Sherry Vigeant drove from Massachusetts so her daughter, Sophie, could celebrate her 14th birthday at the Derby. Mom and daughter sported new outfits and hats, but a last-minute purchase at Wal-Mart was their most practical one as they prepared for a wet day in the grandstand. “Our 99-cent ponchos are probably the most important thing that we have here,” Sherry Vigeant said. Tyler Lavoie, a 23-year-old soldier from nearby Fort Knox, draped a plastic poncho over his multicolored suit. He decided to attend his first Derby before shipping out for his next Army assignment in Alaska later in the month. “It kind of sucks,” he said of the foul weather. “But we’re still going to bet, still going to drink. So we’ll be fine.” Lavoie said he’s used to being out in tough weather conditions as a soldier, but planned to find cover at the track. “We’ve been in the rain a lot,” he said. “But it doesn’t mean we like to be.” The rain inspired Smith and Logan to think up a moneymaking strategy, in case it rains again for their next Derby. The friends bought their ponchos for less than a dollar at Wal-Mart. “They’re selling them for $15 here,” Smith said. “Forget betting. That’s how to make some money.” Related Items Sophie Rhys-Jones , louisville , kentucky , united states , north america , kentucky derby Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Skip to: Start of article Visually Open Nav. Go to Wired Home Page. Teflon Amazon, Where Bezos Gets Rich and Bad News Never Sticks subscribe Open Search Field. Search Business culture Design Gear Science Security transportation photo video Photo Video Magazine WIRED INSIDER Future of Mobility Fallback Image Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 2 hours Understanding way heat moves from one particle to another could change the way we power the world wrd.cm/2qbtMre Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Advertisement. Slide: 1 / of 1. Caption: Caption: Amazon.com founder and CEO Jeff Bezos.David Ryder/Getty Images Skip Article Header. Skip to: Start of Article. Author: Klint Finley. Klint Finley Business Date of Publication: 05.06.17. 05.06.17 Time of Publication: 7:00 am. 7:00 am Teflon Amazon, Where Bezos Gets Rich and Bad News Never Sticks Amazon.com founder and CEO Jeff Bezos.David Ryder/Getty Images Tech is enduring an industry-wide public relations crisis. Mark Zuckerberg just announced that Facebook will hire 3,000 people to screen Facebook Live videos for violence. Google has its own army of workers monitoring YouTube for extremism and other unsavory content; the search giant also launched an initiative aimed at ridding its search snippets of misinformation. Meanwhile, thanks to scandals ranging from Theranos to #juicegate to basically everything about Uber, the public now sees tech entrepreneurs not just as innovative underdogs but cruel moguls, con artists, or both. Related Stories Brian Barrett Amazon’s ‘Echo Look’ Could Snoop a Lot More Than Just Your Clothes Klint Finley The Amazon S3 Outage Is What Happens When One Site Hosts Too Much of the Internet Geoffrey A. Manne and Jennifer MacLean Sorry, But Amazon Isn’t Actually Annihilating Retail Jobs But Amazon has distinctly bucked the trend. While advertisers are asking Mark Zuckerberg why their money is subsidizing fake news and livestreamed murders, Amazon is racking up Oscars and Emmys. While investors are questioning why they should keep subsidizing Alphabet CEO Larry Page’s moonshots, Amazon’s share price ratchets ever higher despite the company’s relatively scant profits. In the process, CEO Jeff Bezos inches ever closer to becoming the world’s richest person while chasing dreams of drone deliveries and brick-and-mortar stores with no cashiers. Despite growing concerns about online privacy, Amazon has even convinced more than 11 million people to install an always-on recording device in their living —and may soon coax people into buying Amazon-connected cameras for their bedrooms as well. Amazon’s ability to evade blemishes owes itself in part to a less fraught business model. Amazon sells products and services to make money, not ads slapped on user-generated content. Not that controversy doesn’t touch Amazon. It’s just that none of it sticks. Like the Gipper, the company and its CEO Jeff Bezos seem to be covered in non-stick coating: teflon Amazon. Pleasing Everybody Amazon doesn’t create algorithmically generated newsfeeds read by billions of people. It doesn’t try to offer “one true answer” to people’s burning questions on its search results pages. By keeping its platform free of current events, it’s managed to largely avoid the fake news fracas that erupted after the 2016 election. Also, though it sells ads on its product pages, advertising is a relatively small source of Amazon’s revenue. So while Facebook and Google have to balance the needs of users, content creators, and advertisers, Amazon can focus primarily on its customers. Yes, Amazon also has to consider the needs of sellers and suppliers, but the decisions it makes are perhaps less delicate because there are fewer constituencies it needs to please. So long as the correct orders show up on time undamaged, Amazon’s customers are happy. The online retail giant has also been lucky. Amazon owns a video game-focused livestreaming site called Twitch, which apart from a few close calls has thus far managed to avoid broadcasting any high-profile murders or suicides. It seems like it’s only a matter of time until it plays host to some sort of tragedy. But until then, the hazards of livestreaming are Facebook’s PR problem, not Amazon’s. Neither luck nor its business model can completely explain Amazon’s ability to avoid the publicity crisis its peers face, however. Conditions for its warehouse workers are notoriously grueling, and in 2015 the New York Times reported that even its white collar workers are miserable. Amazon has long been accused of strong-arming book publishers and just settled an antitrust case in Europe over its e-book business. Earlier this year it finally started collected sales tax in five states where it had long avoided doing so1. Somehow none of these issues have haunted Amazon the way criticism of its labor practices have haunted Uber or the way antitrust accusations plagued Microsoft. Sure, its low prices and the convenience of two-day shipping could well be enough to keep customers buying from Amazon despite its controversies. But consumers don’t seem to view Amazon a bad guy at all. According to The Harris Poll, Amazon has a better reputation than any other well-known company in the US, edging out other tech companies like Apple and Google. Wal-Mart, another retailer that offers low prices, finds itself beset by labor-related controversies and ranks towards the bottom of the same list. Amazon’s ability to avoid the villain label probably owes something to Bezos’s obsession with the company’s image. In his book on Amazon, The Everything Store, Brad Stone uncovered a memo from Bezos describing the qualities of “cool” companies. Cool companies, according to Bezos, are polite, take risks, and take on bigger, less sympathetic companies. You can see those principles in play in Amazon’s generous return policy, the way it keeps rolling out new products and services, the way it took on incumbents like Barnes and Noble and Wal-Mart. So far it’s been able to avoid looking like a bully by constantly picking fights with companies that are bigger than it. The question is how long it can keep this up. When it runs out giants to topple, it could become the target of the next cool company. Maybe then its teflon coating will peel off. 1Correction at 9:30pm on 5/6/2017: An earlier version of this story said that Amazon collected sales tax in only five states. It now collects sales tax in all states that charge sales tax. Go Back to Top. Skip To: Start of Article. Amazon Media Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Social. Skip to: Latest News. Share Share Tweet Comment Email Skip Latest News. Skip to: Comments. Most Popular Nike’s Quest to Beat the Two-Hour Marathon Comes Up Oh So Short Culture Nike’s Quest to Beat the Two-Hour Marathon Comes Up Oh So Short Ed Caesar George R. R. Martin Doesn’t Need to Finish Writing the Game of Thrones Books TV George R. R. Martin Doesn’t Need to Finish Writing the Game of Thrones Books Emily Dreyfuss Security News This Week: Oh Good, Hackers Beat Two-Factor to Rob Bank Accounts Security This Week Security News This Week: Oh Good, Hackers Beat Two-Factor to Rob Bank Accounts Wired Staff India’s Silicon Valley Is Dying of Thirst. Your City May Be Next Science India’s Silicon Valley Is Dying of Thirst. Your City May Be Next Samanth Subramanian What Happens When You Mix Thermodynamics and the Quantum World? A Revolution physics What Happens When You Mix Thermodynamics and the Quantum World? A Revolution Natalie Wolchover Hackers Hit Macron With Huge Email Leak Ahead of French Election Hacks Hackers Hit Macron With Huge Email Leak Ahead of French Election Andy Greenberg Teflon Amazon, Where Bezos Gets Rich and Bad News Never Sticks Scandals Teflon Amazon, Where Bezos Gets Rich and Bad News Never Sticks Klint Finley A Rare Journey Into the Cheyenne Mountain Complex, a Super-Bunker That Can Survive Anything disasters A Rare Journey Into the Cheyenne Mountain Complex, a Super-Bunker That Can Survive Anything Sarah Scoles More Stories Skip Comments. Skip to: Footer. View comments Sponsored Stories Powered By Outbrain Powered By Outbrain More Business Civic Tech NYC’s New Tech to Track Every Homeless Person in the City Issie Lapowsky Business Apple’s Billion-Dollar Investment Provides a Blueprint for US Manufacturing Issie Lapowsky Artificial Intelligence Meet the Cute, Wobbly Robot That Started the AI Revolution On-Demand Economy Airbnb’s San Francisco Deal Puts Storyline Over Bottom Line Davey Alba RIP RIP About.com: A Look at the Tumultuous Life of a Web Legend Emily Dreyfuss Podcasts The Bonkers Role-Playing World of Rifts Just Got Even Bigger Geek's Guide to the Galaxy We Recommend Powered By Outbrain Get The Magazine Subscribe now to get 6 months for $5 - plus a FREE Portable Phone Charger. Subscribe Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 2 hours Understanding way heat moves from one particle to another could change the way we power the world wrd.cm/2qbtMre Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Get Our Newsletter WIRED's biggest stories, delivered to your inbox. Submit Thank You Invalid Email Follow Us On Twitter 2 hours Understanding way heat moves from one particle to another could change the way we power the world wrd.cm/2qbtMre Follow Follow Us On Facebook Don't miss our latest news, features and videos. Follow We’re On Pinterest See what's inspiring us. Follow Follow Us On Youtube Don't miss out on WIRED's latest videos. Follow Here’s The Thing With Ad Blockers We get it: Ads aren’t what you’re here for. But ads help us keep the lights on. So, add us to your ad blocker’s whitelist or pay $1 per week for an ad-free version of WIRED. Either way, you are supporting our journalism. We’d really appreciate it. Sign Up Already a member? Log in Thank You All of us at WIRED appreciate your support! Continue Wired Facebook Wired Twitter Wired Pinterest Wired Youtube Wired Tumblr Wired Instagram Login Subscribe Advertise Site Map Press Center FAQ Customer Care Contact Us SecureDrop T-Shirt Collection Newsletter Wired Staff Jobs RSS CNMN Collection Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement (effective 3/21/12) and privacy policy (effective 3/21/12). Affiliate link policy. Your California privacy rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Crime updated: 5/6/2017 11:51 AM Northwest suburban police blotter Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   By Freida Gad fgad@dailyherald.com • Charges are not evidence of guilt. Under law, individuals are presumed innocent until proven guilty. Bartlett • Vandals twice struck Bartlett Elementary School, doing more than $1,000 in damage. They broke windows around 1 a.m. April 1 at the school on the 100 block of East North Avenue, and on April 3, sprayed red graffiti on playground equipment and an air conditioning unit. • Vandals blew up a garbage can around 2:17 a.m. April 1 at a home on the 700 block of Gardenia Drive. Buffalo Grove • Olga Tychina, 35, of Manda Lane, Wheeling, and Amndeep Singh Thiara, 33, of the 600 block of Trace Drive, Buffalo Grove, were arrested around 11 p.m. April 23 on the 600 block of Trace Drive. According to the report, Tychina was charged with battery after a man told officers she used pepper spray on him. Thiara was charged with knowingly damaging property after the victim said Thiara damaged the man's motorcycle. Court date is June 5. • Burglars entered a home on the 0-100 block of Old Oak Drive through an unlocked patio door between midnight and 9 a.m. April 28 and stole a cellphone valued at $300 and a wallet. The victim discovered $1,000 removed from a bank account after the theft. • Burglars entered eight unlocked vehicles overnight April 23-24 on Gail Drive, Whispering Oaks Court, Caren Drive, Green Knolls Drive, West Thompson Boulevard, Chaucer Way, Brandywyn Lane, and Rönne Drive. A $25 gift card was taken out of a 2014 Subaru Outback, $12 out of a 2003 Toyota Matrix, and a wallet with $100 and $10 in loose change out of a 2015 Infiniti. Nothing appeared to be missing out of the other vehicles. Des Plaines • A vandal hurled a brick around 2:57 p.m. April 24 through a rear window at Maine Insurance Agency, 464 Northwest Hwy. Several witnesses saw five or six juveniles running toward the Metra Cumberland depot. • A woman was seen taking another woman's jacket with cellphone and $45 from a chair around 1:30 p.m. April 21 at Baci Salon, 969 Elmhurst Road. Elk Grove Village • Thieves stole a red 2005 Volvo sleeper tractor between April 14 and 17 out of a lot at Wolfe Expedited, 1474 Elmhurst Road. Value was estimated at $20,000. • Burglars stole a digital camera around 9 p.m. April 11 out of an unlocked 2013 Fiat 500 in a business lot on the 2000 block of Pratt Boulevard. Value was estimated at $600. Hanover Park • Thieves stole a cellphone around 3:48 p.m. May 1 after the owner left it on a table in a restaurant on the 1300 block of Irving Park Road. Hoffman Estates • Vandals put a long scratch on the passenger's side of a 2017 Chevrolet Camaro Sport between 7:30 p.m. April 20 and 8 a.m. April 21 in a hotel lot at 2425 N. Barrington Road. Mount Prospect • Henry Younan, 36, of the 8400 block of West Oak Street, Niles, was arrested around 10:39 a.m. Apri1 4 and charged with retail theft. The report said a security agent at Wal-Mart in Mount Prospect Plaza, Rand and Central roads, saw him take merchandise valued at $727. He was stopped speeding southbound on Wolf Road in front of an officer monitoring traffic. According to officers, he admitted the 1998 Toyota Corolla was stolen in Chicago. Palatine • Burglars stole a laptop computer between 2:50 and 3:10 p.m. April 14 out of an unlocked 2005 Toyota SUV in a store lot at 239 E. Northwest Hwy. Value was estimated at $500. Prospect Heights • Thieves stole $260 between 4 and 9 p.m. April 24 out of a wallet after the owner dropped it outside Walgreens, 1 N. Elmhurst Road. Schaumburg • Katrice L. Williams, 26, of the 800 block of North Central Park Avenue, Chicago, was arrested around 7:24 p.m. April 1 at Macy's in Woodfield Mall and charged with battery and retail theft. The report said she pushed a security agent and took clothing valued at $492. A court date is May 17. • Kyle J. Heiss, 27, of the 0-100 block of Jayne Street, Algonquin, was arrested at MT Barrels, 1712 W. Wise Road, around 1:49 a.m. April 16 and charged with battery. The report said she punched a security agent in his face. • Tracy A. Carrillo, 36, of the 0-100 block of Tilipi Court, Schaumburg, was arrested April 1 at Macy's in Woodfield Mall and charged with retail theft. The report said a security agent saw him take three pasta makers valued at $870. Wheeling • Vandals slashed a bicycle tire between 7 p.m. April 16 and 10 a.m. April 17 at a townhouse on the 500 block of Pueblo Trail. Get articles sent to your inbox. Click here to sign up for the Schaumburg Newsletter Tweet This article filed under: News Bartlett Buffalo Grove Des Plaines Elk Grove Village Hanover Park Hoffman Estates Mount Prospect Palatine Prospect Heights Schaumburg Wheeling Police Blotter Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2017 Readers' Choice Daily Herald Events and Contests News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Motorcycling Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia 56° Full Menu 56° Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Newsletters Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Place an ad Crime & Courts May 06, 2017 11:31 AM Law enforcement investigating shooting at Columbia apartments By Jamie Self jself@thestate.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story COLUMBIA Authorities are investigating a shooting at a Columbia apartment complex that hospitalized three people. Richland County Sheriff’s deputies responded to a call about shots fired after 11 p.m. Friday at 7648 Garners Ferry Road, according to the sheriff’s office. The Austin Woods Apartments are located at that address on Garners Ferry, east of Interstate 77 and not far from the Wal-Mart Supercenter. Deputies arrived to find three male gunshot victims who had been shot in the upper and lower body. The victims, who have not been identified, were taken to Palmetto Health Richland. The Richland County Sheriff’s Office asks anyone with information abotu the shooting to contact Crimestoppers at 1-888-CRIMESC. Jamie Self: 803-771-8658, @jamiemself LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 4 days ago Air Base Road burglary caught on surveillance video 0:11 4 days ago Air Base Road burglary caught on surveillance video 0:38 4 days ago Muschamp on accusations: 'Deebo wasn't there' 1:30 10 days ago Dash and Body cam helped clear officers in Sumter shooting View More Video Crime & Courts SLED’s faulty gunshot residue tests delaying some prosecutions around South Carolina Hospital assailant gave wrong name, faces new charges, police say Deebo Samuel, Skai Moore cleared in Five Points assault; former USC player sought Jewelry thieves target Indian homes in Lexington Columbia hospital employee assaulted in bathroom; suspect jailed Crime & Courts Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Sputnik International all editions Log inRegisterLog out10:00 GMT +307 May 2017 Home World Politics Business Opinion Life Tech Radio Multimedia Cartoons Blogs Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific Africa As If Brave New World By Any Means Necessary Context Countdown Connecting The Pieces Double Down Hard Facts Level Talk Loud & Clear The BradСast Thom Hartmann Program Trendstorm World In Focus Fault Lines Photo Video Infographics Live Search LIVE: General Rehearsal of the Victory Day Parade in Moscow (VIDEO) Black Electoral Politics and The State of Black America By Any Means Necessary 15:49 06.05.2017(updated 15:51 06.05.2017) Get short URL Eugene Puryear 0 8720 The Movement for Black Lives shifts towards electoral politics, Urban League releases "State of Black America" report. / "By Any Means Necessary" host Eugene Puryear is joined by Pastor Cori Bush, a pastor and nurse from St. Louis, who is running in a primary against nine-term Democratic Rep. Lacy Clay and Dr. David Ragland, Peace and Conflict Resolution Scholar and​ ​part​ ​of​ ​the​ ​Truth​ ​Telling​ ​Project​ ​in​ ​Ferguson to talk about the Movement for Black Lives shifting towards electoral politics, how to challenge the current political establishment, and why Barack Obama finds time to endorse French politicians and not black grassroots politicians in America. In a special third segment Eugene Puryear is joined by Dr. Jared Ball, father and husband, professor at Morgan State University, and curator of imixwhatilike.org to talk about the Urban League's "State of Black America", why the report being sponsored by Walmart, AT&T, Bank of America and Wells Fargo is problematic, what needs to take place for black people to leverage economic power for political and social gain, and whether or not the right lenses are being used to understand the state of black America. Today's talking points touch on the continued water crisis in Flint, Michigan, the debt crisis in Puerto Rico, and the passing of the American Health Care Act. We'd love to get your feedback at radio@sputniknews.com Have you heard the news? Sign up to our Telegram channel and we'll keep you up to speed! ... Reddit Google+ Blogger Pinterest StumbleUpon Telegram WhatsApp 20 Tags: State of Black America, M4BL, Black Lives Matter, National Urban League, Edward Crawford TrackDo not trackCommunity standardsDiscussion Comment via FacebookComment via Sputnik Сomment Add Comment Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules Add more All commentsShow more comments (20) Show new comments (0) Сomment Reply in reply to(Show commentHide comment) | | Edit | Delete Save Thank you! Your comment will be reviewed by the moderator for compliance with the Rules News Latest Most Read Most Discussed 09:21Alaska Struck by 5.2-Magnitude Earthquake – USGS 09:05Polls Open for Second Round of French Presidential Election 09:00General Rehearsal of the Victory Day Parade in Moscow (VIDEO) 08:48At Least 11 People Killed in Collision in Central Vietnam 07:47Kiev Forces Accuse Donbass Militia of Violating CeasefireAll news Wikileaks Publishes Secret CIA Tools That Attacked Computers Inside Offices 37484 Russia's RS-28 Sarmat ICBM: Hypersonic Disaster for US Missile Defense Shield 15190 Information on Al-Jazeera Filming Staged Chemical Attack in Syria Not Confirmed 13412 US House Bill on Port Controls Amounts to 'Declaration of War' - Russian Senator 11991 North Korea’s Weapon Innovations Could Render THAAD Totally Useless 10750All news The Red Line of Common Sense: The US Can't Control Russian Ports Without War 44 US Wants Control Over Russian Ports, But Who's Going to Let Them? 36 US House Bill on Port Controls Amounts to 'Declaration of War' - Russian Senator 35 Profit and PR: Key Reasons Why Iran Might Become Next Target for US Tomahawks 30 Information on Al-Jazeera Filming Staged Chemical Attack in Syria Not Confirmed 26All news Recommended Multimedia Photo Cartoons Infographics Home of Russian Alligators: The Place Where Ka-52 Attack Helicopters Are Built Global Port Authority T-72B3, a Sporty Tank News from dashboard.idealmedia.com Follow us Facebook Twitter SputnikNews @SputnikInt News Home World Europe US Russia Latin America Middle East Asia & Pacific AfricaPolitics Business Military & Intelligence Society Tech Environment LifeSport Analysis & Opinion Opinion Columnists Interviews Blogs Multimedia Photo Infographics Cartoons Video Radio Shows In Depth Sputnik About Us Press Info Products Apps Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 Sputnik. All rights reserved Register E-mail: Screen Name: Password: Confirm password: Please type the code Log inPrivacy Policy By clicking 'Register', you confirm that you agree to our Privacy Policy and give your consent to the processing of personal data in accordance with the Privacy Policy Register* All fields are required Please confirm your e-mail to continue. Confirmation instructions have been sent to Ok Password recovery Enter e-mail Please type the code Restore Log inPrivacy Policy Success! Instructions to recover your password have been sent to Ok Registration Do you have a Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in I do not have a Sputniknews.com account RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Ok Registration Hello, ! E-mail: Screen Name: Next Log in I have a Sputniknews.com account Ok Delete account Are you sure you want to delete your Sputniknews.com account? YesNo Your account has been deleted! You can restore your account within 30 days by following the link sent to the e-mail address you entered during registration. Close Community standards The fact of registration and authorization of users on Sputnik websites via users’ account or accounts on social networks indicates acceptance of these rules. Users are obliged abide by national and international laws. Users are obliged to speak respectfully to the other participants in the discussion, readers and individuals referenced in the posts. The websites’ administration has the right to delete comments made in languages ​​other than the language of the majority of the websites’ content. In all language versions of the sputniknews.com websites any comments posted can be edited. A user comment will be deleted if it: does not correspond with the subject of the post; promotes hatred and discrimination on racial, ethnic, sexual, religious or social basis or violates the rights of minorities; violates the rights of minors, causing them harm in any form, including moral damage; contains ideas of extremist nature or calls for other illegal activities; contains insults, threats to other users, individuals or specific organizations, denigrates dignity or undermines business reputations; contains insults or messages expressing disrespect to Sputnik; violates privacy, distributes personal data of third parties without their consent or violates privacy of correspondence; describes or references scenes of violence, cruelty to animals; contains information about methods of suicide, incites to commit suicide; pursues commercial objectives, contains improper advertising, unlawful political advertisement or links to other online resources containing such information; promotes products or services of third parties without proper authorization; contains offensive language or profanity and its derivatives, as well as hints of the use of lexical items falling within this definition; contains spam, advertises spamming, mass mailing services and promotes get-rich-quick schemes; promotes the use of narcotic / psychotropic substances, provides information on their production and use; contains links to viruses and malicious software; is part of an organized action involving large volumes of comments with identical or similar content ("flash mob"); “floods” the discussion thread with a large number of incoherent or irrelevant messages; violates etiquette, exhibiting any form of aggressive, humiliating or abusive behavior ("trolling"); doesn’t follow standard rules of the English language, for example, is typed fully or mostly in capital letters or isn’t broken down into sentences. The administration has the right to block a user’s access to the page or delete a user’s account without notice if the user is in violation of these rules or if behavior indicating said violation is detected. Users can initiate the recovery of their account / unlock access by contacting the moderators at moderator@sputniknews.com The letter must contain: Subject - the restoration of account / unlock access User ID An explanation of the actions which were in violation of the rules above and resulted in the lock. If the moderators deem it possible to restore the account / unlock access, it will be done. In the case of repeated violations of the rules above resulting in a second block of a user’s account, access cannot be restored. To contact the team of moderators, write to moderator@sputniknews.com Log in E-mail: Password: Remember me Sign in RegisterForgot your password?Privacy Policy Other ways to sign in: Ok
ON NEWSSTANDS 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Music Style Culture Video share tweet Feed All Posts Featured Posts Trending Posts Magazine Events Shop Twitter facebook youtube instagram tumblr US US UK US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition Follow the Fader Press Enter to Search Music Style Culture Video Magazine Events Shop US Edition UK Edition Canada Edition culture / News If You’re In NYC This Weekend, Check Out This Nuyorican Film Festival Friday, May 5 and Sunday, May 7 at The New School. By Nazuk Kochhar A post shared by demarcus - sotc (@standing_on_the_corner) on May 5, 2017 at 6:02am PDT On The Welfare Line With My Grandma: A Film Festival Of Forgotten Nuyorican Cinema, is happening this weekend in New York City. Set to feature six films from the ‘70s and ‘80s, the festival commences tonight at 6 p.m. at New York City’s The New School University Center with The Devil Is A Condition, and concludes Sunday evening at 5 p.m. with Natas Es Satan. The festival was organized and curated by Brooklyn’s Giovanni Cortez — who also makes music as Standing On The Corner — with the help of Luna Olavarría Gallegos and Christian Martir. Below, Cortez details the inspiration for the film festival, the role Nuyorican cinema played in his life, how he hopes to shed light on the cultural genre, and what he hopes attendees get out of the event. GIOVANNI CORTEZ: The conception of the film festival came from a combination of two of the biggest time consumers in my life: my affinity for the search of lost/unseen content (in a vinyl context, "digging") and my major in school of journalism and design with a focus in archiving. I spent a lot of my time growing up denying or misplacing my identity, making conscious efforts to connect with cultures other than my own due to shame. What that resulted in was an overcompensation in my adult life which I've since learned to tame, but one product of that was a milieu of what I call "cultural artifacts;” this is a collection of Puerto Rican material of all mediums (books/zines, records, film). I treat them almost as we treat imprints of dinosaur prints due to the fact that in a sense these things practically never happened. It's corny to consider the “tree falling with no one around to hear it question,” but I really do consider it in all this work I do. I acknowledge that it may also be short-sighted to reduce the value of work to how much it was seen, though this is where a lot of my work as an "archivist" stems from — the ability and will to breathe new life into things that missed in one way or another. That is the idea of the film festival. The role that "Nuyorican cinema" has played in my life is actually in its non-existence. It didn't exist to me growing up and still only sort-of exists right now. Part of the project is to acknowledge that Nuyorican cinema isn't a recognized genre, but this is my case and claim — that perhaps should be considered one. One thing that my institution has hipped me to is this concept of a "canon." As arbitrary as it may seem, this is my proposal of a Nuyorican cinema canon, assembled from Wal-Mart $1 bin dvds, storefront flea markets, and the dustiest corners of New York City's library collections. ADVERTISEMENT The Devil Is A Condition is the film that started the whole thing for me, equally on the basis of the form as well as the content. I describe it as a perfect culmination of all the things I am interested in (along with something like "I can't believe this exists”). The documentary, directed by Carlos de Jesus, explored the housing conditions and needs of the poor puerto rican and black communities together during the late ’60s and ’70s, set to the soundtrack of free jazz and poetry. Part of the film that really stuck with me was the exhibition of black and puerto rican together, due to that being my experience in New York. In New York at least, the destinies of African Americans and Puerto Ricans feel inextricably tied and I think recounting that exchange/relationship is important now more than ever especially in a place like my institution where race relations are convoluted and often end up in division. “This is where a lot of my work as an “archivist” stems from — the ability and will to breathe new life into things that missed in one way or another. That is the idea of the film festival.” What I hope to come from this event is a legitimization of "Nuyorican cinema" in a more official sense. We can say it exists because it’s found, can be compiled and put into a festival for the public, but what’s equally important is the conversation of maintenance and restoration. as much love I have for the “underground” or “forgotten,” maybe there is a way these original film reels can be recovered and represented. I think these films deserve it in a sense that they are both cinematically competent enough and also culturally important. Another step of that is treating this as we treat Russian cinema or French cinema institutionally; put them in a classroom, start a discourse. I named the showing of these films, and the culmination of all the work, On The Welfare Line With My Grandma after the similar sensation that struck me while putting this together as I used to feel as a kid with her. Educated in a New York School, I got through E.S.L. and learned english enough to be the intermediary between her and the social service agency. In this analogy, the university in which I am showing these films, as well as the members of it, serve as the welfare office: two institutions in which the responsibility to transfer information correctly is a true responsibility. While the former entails the acquisition to keep fed and clothed, the latter demands for cultural security; to uphold the culture that I owe a lot of my world too. I hope to host this again throughout the city in the summer so more dates and films to come. My ultimate goal is to be able to host all of these things in one place, whether that be a physical space or digital. I run into conflict with the word "museum," but a site in which all the music, literature, and film of the Nuyorican experience lost for all the reasons everything gets lost for people of color, can have a home and be accessible. A post shared by demarcus - sotc (@standing_on_the_corner) on May 1, 2017 at 7:33pm PDT May 05, 2017 Film/TV, Nuyorican, Politics, standing on the corner Read full story Sign up for The FADER's daily newsletter. Trending music / News Watch Future’s “Mask Off” Video Featuring Amber Rose music / News YesJulz Dropped From Two Toronto Events After Controversial Tweet culture / News Edward Crawford, The Ferguson Protestor In Iconic Tear Gas Photo, Has Been Found Dead music / News Miley Cyrus Now Thinks Rap Is Too Explicit And Wants Trump Voters To Give Her A Chance music / News Listen To Jeremih’s Surprise EP Cinco De MihYo culture / News If You’re In NYC This Weekend, Check Out This Nuyorican Film Festival Contact Advertising Terms of Use Privacy Policy Fader Label Twitter Facebook Google+ Youtube Tumblr Instagram Apple Music Soundcloud Spotify RSS Magazine 108 Mar/Apr 2017 The Sex Issue Subscribe Sign up for The FADER's daily newsletter. ©2017 The Fader, Inc. All rights reserved. Site By Wondersauce
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Live look at the beach surf in Long Beach Island, NY Penguins chill at the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Bald eagle and family in Fort Myers, FL Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass from the Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Virtual Reality … … Entertainment Virtual Reality Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Video shows Tennessee teen before she disappeared with teacher More Sarah Thomas sensed something was wrong when her sister Elizabeth failed to return by 6 p.m. 6:58 | 05/06/17 ABC Breaking News | Latest News Videos Coming up in the next {{countdown}} {{countdownlbl}} Coming up next: {{nextVideo.title}} {{nextVideo.description}} Skip to this video now Related Now Playing: {{currentVideo.title}} Resume Playing Video More information on this video Enhanced full screen Explore related content Share your favorite moment HELP Play Video Comments Related Extras Related Videos Video Transcript Transcript for Video shows Tennessee teen before she disappeared with teacher for most. The beginning of a new life for tad Cummins. "A beautiful day to start," he posts on Instagram. The 50-year-old tells his wife he has a job interview and needs to borrow her Nissan rogue, but the disgraced teacher is about to go rogue in more ways than one. He took your car. He did. He switched vehicles with me on the day that he left, because he was going out of town, not far, but far enough that where he didn't want to take the jeep so he took the rogue and he never came back. Reporter: Across town, that same morning, sister Sarah says Elizabeth was agitated. She kept on saying, "You need to wake up," and I'm like, "What?" And she was like, "If I'm not back by six, call the cops." Reporter: Elizabeth is not yet of the age of consent. Her state of mind and her true feelings about Cummins are still a matter of dispute, but in video obtained exclusively by "20/20," we see a friend pull up to the Thomas house in the morning hours. A few minutes later, Elizabeth emerges carrying what looks like an overnight bag and a backpack. It will be more than a month before her family sees her again. At 7:45 that friend drops Elizabeth off at a shoney's restaurant. 8:32 A.M., Cummins' silver Nissan SUV fills up at a shell station neighboring that shoney's. Six minutes later, it pulls out. Soon Elizabeth is in the car with Cummins and to date there is no evidence he physically coerced her. But would Elizabeth willingly leave behind her family and that security blanket she holds so dear? She loved it. Reporter: Medication and makeup still sitting on her dresser at home. It's an abduction either way you look at it. You can either abduct by grabbing someone out of their house at night by force or you can abduct over time. Reporter: That evening tad's wife comes home from work to find an empty house and a note from her husband telling her he needed to "Clear his head," claiming he's headed to either Virginia Beach or D.C. He promises to return and makes an unusual request. Asking her not to contact police. I was just in total shock when I read it. I just didn't know what to think. Reporter: Did you realize all of a sudden that he had been lying about everything, or -- At that moment, then I, I knew that it was all a lie. Reporter: When Elizabeth fails to return by 6:00, Sarah senses something is wrong. I started feeling really guilty. I felt like it was my responsibility to take care of my sister, and I didn't take care of my sister. Reporter: After hours of driving around searching, Anthony Thomas calls the sheriff and immediately points the finger at Cummins. I said, "You guys need to hunt down tad Cummins and see if he's in town. See where he is." Reporter: Easier said than done. When Cummins breaks his promise to return home, Jill breaks her silence. She tells cops he took two handguns and $4,500 from a loan he took out a week earlier. Jill also say her husband refilled a prescription for Cialis before leaving town. Shortly after that, an arrest warrant is issued and tad Cummins is officially a wanted man. But tad Cummins got what he wanted. He's got the girl and some separation. He's been gone for nearly a day before cops figure out what's going on. An amber alert issued for Elizabeth Thomas. Reporter: The only possible lead, a cell phone ping from Elizabeth's phone around 3:30 Monday in Decatur, Alabama. And a disturbing update. Her Instagram profile changed adding wife. I was a little bit sick when I saw that. Reporter: Amber alerts go out in Tennessee and Alabama. On day five, wife Jill holds a press conference to try to reason with her husband. Your family wants their poppy back. Please do the right thing and turn yourself in to the police and bring Beth home. Reporter: Cummins might not have watched his wife's televised plea, but millions can't stop watching. The small town teacher's case goes national. Reporter: The Tennessee bureau of investigation works to retrace Cummins' steps in the days before he vanished, releasing this security video from a local Tennessee Walmart. Cummins casually strolls the aisles, making repeated visits to one. The hair color aisle. We have a little bit of knowledge about where they were at the beginning of their journey and then it's really been kind of a cold trail. Reporter: Meanwhile, investigators keep working, looking through tad Cummins' computer, discovering an unsettling search history that included googling how to marry a teen bride and looking up the age of consent. We've been able to develop a consistent pattern of behavior on Cummins' behalf that indicates he planned this for some time before disappearing with Elizabeth. They're putting up the green ribbons all over town. We've had prayer vigils where people have come. Reporter: Chandler Anderson shows his support with a different kind of green. We're hoping that $10,000 will get someone to talk or tell us where Elizabeth is. Someone knows where she is. Reporter: Just as many are losing hope, a break in the case. A tip leads investigators to an Oklahoma City Walmart to recover this security footage. Recorded two weeks earlier, it provides the first images of the two since they disappeared. Tad Cummins' hair and goatee now appear dark brown and Elizabeth's hair darkened red. They buy some food and pay with cash. He's very smart. I knew he would try to change his appearance. Reporter: In Nebraska, another possible sighting. The local police post these security images from a McDonald's onto their Facebook page, but quickly discover it was one of many false leads. A month of no direction, no contact. Somehow this high school teacher with no priors is proving as elusive as a master criminal. He's not a stupid person. He's a smart man. Reporter: And he still has the support of his family. No matter where you are, daddy, no matter what you've done, we just want you to come home. We miss you so much. Reporter: You still sort of defend him? I do. I find myself defending him. Reporter: Why? After what he did to you? Not only did he betray your marriage, he thrust your whole family -- I know. Unbelievable. Reporter: While the lights This transcript has been automatically generated and may not be 100% accurate. The last moments before missing Tenn. teen disappeared with former teacher This security camera footage of 15-year-old Elizabeth Thomas shows the teen leaving her home before meeting up with Tad Cummins. Now Playing: The last moments before missing Tenn. teen disappeared with former teacher Now Playing: Possible new sighting of missing teacher and former student Now Playing: Teacher Tad Cummins' developing relationship with Tennessee teen Now Playing: Student reports seeing teacher kiss Tennessee teen Elizabeth Thomas Now Playing: Video shows Tennessee teen before she disappeared with teacher Now Playing: Where Tad Cummins and Elizabeth Thomas stayed while on the run: Part 4 Now Playing: Police finally track down Tennessee teacher and teen Elizabeth Thomas: Part 5 Now Playing: Where missing Tennessee teen Elizabeth Thomas is today Now Playing: Caitlyn Jenner reflects on transitioning to a woman: Part 1 Now Playing: Caitlyn Jenner on deciding not to live a lie, what she learned: Part 2 Now Playing: Parents, school administrators talk with Caitlyn Jenner about transgender issues: Part 3 Now Playing: Transgender - Born this way?: Part 4 Now Playing: How Caitlyn Jenner's relationship with her kids has changed: Part 5 Now Playing: What Caitlyn Jenner hopes for in the future: Part 6 Now Playing: A transgender surgical journey Now Playing: Parents talk with Caitlyn Jenner about transgender issues Now Playing: Caitlyn Jenner's 'deal breaker' with the Republican Party Now Playing: Aspiring model believes she's having online relationship with NBA player: Part 1 Now Playing: 17-year-old's nude photos sent privately to NBA player are posted online: Part 2 Now Playing: What happened before woman was stranded in desert near Grand Canyon: Part 1 Now Playing: {{itm.title}} {"id":47240825,"title":"Video shows Tennessee teen before she disappeared with teacher","duration":"6:58","description":"Sarah Thomas sensed something was wrong when her sister Elizabeth failed to return by 6 p.m.","url":"/2020/video/video-shows-tennessee-teen-disappeared-teacher-47240825","section":"2020","mediaType":"default"} Yahoo!-ABC News Network Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved.
Check out the latest theme park experiences and attractions Business Consumer News Mom-and-pop liquor stores fear new grocery competition Could new law spell the end of mom-and-pop liquor stores? - Orlando News Now Liquor stores are worried that a new law allowing the sale of spirits in grocery stores will mean the end of their business Liquor stores are worried that a new law allowing the sale of spirits in grocery stores will mean the end of their business Kyle ArnoldContact ReporterOrlando Sentinel Privacy Policy Employee Allison Hennessy asked every customer at Bully’s Liquor last week to sign her petition asking Gov. Rick Scott to veto a bill allowing the sale of spirits in grocery stores. It’s a last-ditch effort, but owners of small, independent alcohol retailers in Central Florida are scrambling to stop the “Whiskey and Wheaties” bill that would loosen the rules on where liquor can be sold. Proponents of expanded sales said they are catering to customer demand. Liquor stores have argued that the bill would kill small businesses and give minors more opportunity to shoplift liquor. Many entrepreneurs were stunned when the proposal passed the Florida Legislature with a one-vote margin in the House of Representatives. Liquor store owners that gathered in the galleries to watch the final vote say it was a tough blow because supermarkets and big-box retailers hold too much power and will be able to undercut them on prices and force them out of their properties. “Not only do they have a price and convenience advantage, but grocery stores will have the power to kick us out when our lease is up,” said Bully’s Liquor owner Steve Park. “If our landlord had to choose between us and the grocery store next door, we would be gone.” Scott has not indicated whether he will sign the bill, a spokesman for the governor said this week. “It allows us to meet our customers’ demands,” said Jason Unger, a lobbyist for Target who testified in a Florida Senate hearing in January. He said customers would often prefer to buy liquor in the same place as groceries rather than make a second stop or make a second trip. The bill also allows liquor stores to sell more food products, but liquor store owners say that doesn’t mean much, because many are banned from selling food because of their leases near grocery stores. “It’s very common for grocery stores to limit what other tenants can sell,” said Jill Rose, a real estate broker with BishopBeale in Orlando who works on retail projects. “You used to see Subway’s next to Publix stores, but that’s pretty rare now that the Publix subs have become an important product for them.” She has worked with upscale grocer The Fresh Market, which also won’t locate in a shopping center with a liquor store because of competing wine sales. With the new law, Florida would join 29 other states that allow grocery stores to sell liquor. The Florida proposal still limits what kind of stores can sell liquor. Food sellers that also sell liquor must be more than 10,000 square feet, eliminating nearly all convenience stores from selling high-alcohol booze. The liquor bill is just the latest in an unprecedented shift in recent years that has changed how beer, liquor and wine can be made, distributed and sold in Florida. Brewers and distillers now have greater freedom to sell their product straight to consumers, in pubs and even in take-out jugs called growlers. Manufacturers can give tours, and consumers could be given the choice to skip liquor stores altogether. Bully’s customer Leona Hutchinson of Orlando said she doesn’t mind traveling to a second store to buy liquor. “It seems like the grocery should stay with the groceries and the liquor with the liquor," she said. “I don’t understand the big deal.” There are 209 active liquor stores in Orange, Seminole, Osceola and Lake Counties, according to data from the Florida Department of Business and Professional Regulations. Most of those are run by large chains, such as Publix, ABC and Total Wine & More . In recent years retailers such as Publix and Wal-Mart have greatly expanded the number of liquor stores attached to existing grocery stores. Orlando-based ABC Fine Wine & Spirits is not worried about competition, said CEO Charles Bailes, but he opposed the bill because he said it would increase minors’ access to alcohol. Wal-Mart and Target both testified in hearings that they have rigid systems to prevent shoplifting of alcohol. Knightly Spirits has five stores in the area and owner George Knightly said he isn’t sure how his stores will compete. He’s also a founder of the Florida Independent Spirits Association. “In the next five years, we could lose all five of our stores,” said Knightly, who started with one store in 1998. “Big-box stores have an enormous amount of leverage and clout. If you go into most grocery store plazas, you don’t see any butchers or florists because there is a no-compete clause.” Park, who said he paid nearly $550,000 for a retail liquor license in Orange County, said he will be out of business in just a few years. His stores have 23 employees. “If we lose 20 percent of our business,” he said, “we don’t have the money to turn the lights on.” Got a news tip? karnold@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5664; Twitter, @kylelarnold or facebook.com/bykylearnold Caption Could new law spell the end of mom-and-pop liquor stores? - Orlando News Now Liquor stores are worried that a new law allowing the sale of spirits in grocery stores will mean the end of their business Liquor stores are worried that a new law allowing the sale of spirits in grocery stores will mean the end of their business Caption Could new law spell the end of mom-and-pop liquor stores? - Orlando News Now Liquor stores are worried that a new law allowing the sale of spirits in grocery stores will mean the end of their business Liquor stores are worried that a new law allowing the sale of spirits in grocery stores will mean the end of their business Caption Delta Airlines wins $6M judgment against Orlando businessman The judgment against Fletcher is the latest in a series of lawsuits Delta, and American Airlines, have filed against travel planning companies that use airline logos to attract victims, according to the litigation. The judgment against Fletcher is the latest in a series of lawsuits Delta, and American Airlines, have filed against travel planning companies that use airline logos to attract victims, according to the litigation. Caption Orlando-based video game firm launched - Orlando News Now Electronic Arts, Zynga veteran is launching an Orlando video-game firm. Electronic Arts, Zynga veteran is launching an Orlando video-game firm. Caption The sticky business of Sugar Rush Marshmallows Jean Summers of Sugar Rush Marshmallow shares the ups and downs of her 'foodpreneur' startup and journey in the Central Florida culinary community. Jean Summers of Sugar Rush Marshmallow shares the ups and downs of her 'foodpreneur' startup and journey in the Central Florida culinary community. Caption How to make your own clothes and join the slow fashion movement The slow fashion movement is growing in Orlando thanks to a new sewing workshop series called Common Sewing which teaches people of all skill levels how to make their own clothes. The slow fashion movement is growing in Orlando thanks to a new sewing workshop series called Common Sewing which teaches people of all skill levels how to make their own clothes. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Publix Super Markets Inc. Florida Legislature Rick Scott All Sections News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Obituaries 62°
  Go Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Guardian Life Guardian TV Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Technology  |  Technology   IBM falls as Buffett reports reduced stake ahead of meeting By Bloomberg   |   06 May 2017   |   4:40 am Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email Warren Buffett Warren Buffett is acknowledging what many investors have already realized: IBM’s long-promised reinvention is slow, painful and nowhere near close to the end. In an interview with CNBC, the billionaire chairman and chief executive officer of Berkshire Hathaway Inc. disclosed that he sold about a third of the firm’s investment in the computer-services giant during the first half of this year. Before the sales, Berkshire held about 81 million shares. The news led IBM to tumble as much as 3.8 percent to $153.00 Friday in New York, its lowest intraday price since November. IBM has been frustrating investors for years, reporting in April its 20th straight quarterly revenue decline. The company once synonymous with mainframe innovations has been slow to adopt cloud-related technologies and has had to play catch-up to the likes of Amazon.com Inc. in offering computing and other software and services over the Internet. “I don’t value IBM the same way that I did six years ago when I started buying,” Buffett told CNBC. “I’ve revalued it somewhat downward.” Buffett said that in looking back at how IBM thought their business would develop, “what they’ve run into is some pretty tough competitors.” He may have been thinking about Amazon Web Services, said UBS analyst Steve Milunovich. Amazon’s cloud-computing offerings command about 45 percent of the market for infrastructure as a service, where companies buy basic computing and storage power from the cloud. “Buffett often has praised Jeff Bezos,” Amazon’s CEO, Milunovich wrote in a note Friday. “Even though IBM positions hybrid cloud as a destination rather than a transition, AWS threatens Big Blue’s on-premise computing dominance.” Credit rating companies are also more pessimistic. Standard & Poor’s cut IBM’s bond rating to A+ from AA- on Friday, saying operating profit margins won’t improve as much as projected and its transition “to operating stability will take longer than we had previously forecast.” Moody’s Investors Service downgraded to A1 from Aa3 on Thursday, saying the company’s transition and investments are hurting profitability and cash flow. Initial Interest Berkshire started building its International Business Machines Corp. stake in 2011, and eventually became the company’s largest shareholder, with an investment valued at almost $13 billion. With his initial interest, Buffett was betting on IBM’s expertise in information technology services to drive growth in emerging markets. At the time, then Chief Executive Officer Sam Palmisano, was steering Big Blue toward services and software and away from hardware. To achieve that, he’d been making aggressive stock buybacks, spending more than $15 billion annually on repurchases during his last two years at the company. IBM abandoned that goal in 2014 under CEO Ginni Rometty, sending shares spiraling. Rometty, who took over in 2012, has slowed the pace of share buybacks in recent years, spending instead on acquisitions to bolster growth areas. While IBM is working to become a cloud purveyor, its new services and software haven’t been growing fast enough to counter the slowdown in some of its major business lines, such as traditional information-technology services, which have been declining quickly. After a run of three straight annual declines, IBM’s shares gained about 21 percent in 2016 but are still more than 25 percent lower than the company’s 10-year peak in 2013. The shares have lagged behind technology peers and the S&P 500 Index in 2017. Buffett Buffer Without the Buffett buffer, IBM may receive more scrutiny around when they’ll reach that inflection point. “This may put some pressure on management to be more aggressive in returning to growth,” Anurag Rana, a Bloomberg Intelligence analyst, said in an email. Other investors “may get impatient.” Thousands of Berkshire investors will gather in Omaha, Nebraska, for Berkshire’s annual meeting on Saturday. Buffett, 86, and Vice Chairman Charles Munger, who regularly field questions from shareholders at the event, can expect to be quizzed about IBM — as they have been in the past. Representatives of Berkshire and IBM didn’t respond to requests for comment. No Commitment While Buffett is known for sticking with stocks like Coca-Cola Co. for decades, he’s not wedded to old favorites when circumstances change. In recent years, he got rid of most of Berkshire’s stock in Procter & Gamble Co. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. He cited the competition facing Wal-Mart from online rivals like Amazon.com Inc., while pointing in 2012 to disappointing results at P&G. The billionaire also exited most of its stake in Graham Holdings Inc., after that company sold the Washington Post newspaper. Buffett was previously on the board of the Washington Post Co., and the stock was one of his best investments. Berkshire stressed in its annual report in February that it’s willing to exit long-time holdings in its stock portfolio, contrasting that flexibility with Buffett’s commitment to permanently hold most companies that he acquires outright. “It is true that we own some stocks that I have no intention of selling for as far as the eye can see (and we’re talking 20/20 vision),” Buffett wrote in the letter. “But we have made no commitment that Berkshire will hold any of its marketable securities forever.” Two common yardsticks for value investing show IBM’s assets being downgraded by the market while estimated earnings have failed to keep pace with the stock price.The company’s price to book ratio has receded to near its 2011 level while price to earnings growth has increased by about 75 percent. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google+ Share on LinkedIn Share via Email In this article: IBMWarren Buffett You may also like Warner and YouTube renew licensing deal to keep music streaming 2 hours ago  Technology Buffett says his IBM thesis was flawed, he blew it on Google 2 hours ago  Technology China's WeChat blocked in Russia 1 day ago  Technology Slack opens new London office amid Brexit uncertainty 1 day ago  Technology Apple jumps to lead wearable computing with smartwatch 1 day ago  Technology Landmark varsity partners NASRDA on agric technology 1 day ago  Technology More   Latest Macron, Le Pen face off as France elects president 17 mins ago  World Esa soup like never before 1 hour ago  Food and Drink Buhari receives 82 Chibok girls released by Boko haram 1 hour ago  News Why Oba Akiolu of Lagos greeted Ooni the Lagos way 1 hour ago  Sunday Magazine Obasanjo declines comment on Buhari’s health status 1 hour ago  News More   Communication NITDA’s roadmap can save Nigeria $3.8bn annually 2 days ago   IHS launches Vendor Upskill pilot programme in Nigeria 2 days ago   Paga, NIPOST take financial services across Nigeria 2 days ago   Lagos State Government unrelenting, again pushes for Computer Village’s relocation 28 Apr   Mainone opens new chapter in data center project 28 Apr   Top Home Nigeria National Metro World Africa Asia Europe US Politics Sport Football Boxing Athletics Tennis Golf Opinion Editorial Contributors Columnists Cartoons Business Appointments Business News Business RoundUp Industry Aviation Capital Market Communications Energy DrillBytes Maritime SweetCrude Infrastructure Money Technology Gadgets Telecoms Social Media Technology Arts Arts Art House Artfolk Revue Film Literature Music Theatre Visual Arts Features BusinessAgro Education Executive Motoring Executive Briefs Focus Friday Worship Law Media Science Youth Speak Property Environment Mortgage Finance Real Estate Urban Development Guardian Woman Entrepreneurship GW Fiction Personality Issues WIMBIZ Saturday Magazine Youth Magazine Just Human Life & Style Love & Life Transition Travel & Tourism Celebrity Brand Intelligence Gardening Weekend Beats Sunday Magazine Ibru Ecumenical Centre Campus CityFile News Feature Living Healthy Diet Living Wellbeing Newspeople Guardian TV News Opinion Fashion Sport Entertainment Science & Tech GTV Exclusive Home About Us Advertise With Us |     Powered by Ventra Copyright © 2017 Guardian Newspapers. All Rights Reserved.
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures crosswords Facebook Twitter US world science US politics business sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › US home US selected politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close New York Federal grant that Trump wanted to abolish is a lifeline for poor families Dutchess County, New York, like 95% of counties nationwide, benefits from a community fund that meets needs that might otherwise fall through the cracks Jayden Browning, age 8, with his grandmother, Sherri Hodgeman. Jayden lives with his grandparents and two sisters, and has received assistance from Dutchess County Community Action Partnership. Photograph: Richard Beaven for the Guardian New York Federal grant that Trump wanted to abolish is a lifeline for poor families Dutchess County, New York, like 95% of counties nationwide, benefits from a community fund that meets needs that might otherwise fall through the cracks Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Jamiles Lartey @JamilesLartey Saturday 6 May 2017 07.00 EDT Last modified on Saturday 6 May 2017 10.19 EDT As with many eight-year-olds, there are few things that excite Jayden Browning more than the idea of going to Disney World. But when he goes, there’s only one character he’s really hoping to meet. “He’s sure that Pinocchio has the answer on how to be a real boy,” said his grandmother, Sherri Hodgeman. “But then he goes: ‘But Nana, I don’t lie! Why can’t I be a real boy now?’ It breaks your heart.” Jayden was born with a heart so badly underdeveloped that he’s at perpetual risk of heart attack or stroke. As a baby, Jayden technically died on an airlift to the hospital after his body started to turn blue. He was revived, but not before suffering permanent damage to his frontal lobe from a lack of oxygen. He and his two sisters live with their grandparents in Beekman, New York, a town that sits on the southern edge of Dutchess County, about two hours north of New York City. When a March storm blew through and toppled a tree on their property, severing the power and communication lines, it also severed Jayden’s lifeline. Hodgeman relied on that power to monitor Jayden’s heart, make sure it was beating correctly, and send cardiographic data to Jayden’s doctors. “I was mortified. I was crying because I didn’t know what we were going to do,” Hodgeman said. Chronicling homelessness: programs face budget cuts amid Trump trips Read more The situation only grew more dire when Hodgeman learned that the utility pole that the storm destroyed was not the electric company’s property. It was hers. The $4,500 it would cost to restore electric service was completely out of reach for the grandparents, who had mostly stopped working to take care of the kids and scraped by on disability payments. In 2015, Jayden spent more than a quarter of the year in the hospital with an infection. “That wiped out our savings completely,” Hodgeman said. “We were maxing out charge cards.” Social services wasn’t any help. Hodgeman’s paltry income, even with three dependents, didn’t qualify for financial assistance, and there are no government-funded programs designed to deal with something like a downed utility pole. Hodgeman felt alone. But while social services and her county executive’s office couldn’t help her directly, both did have one suggestion: try DCCAP. Dutchess County Community Action Partnership is one of over 1,000 “Cap” agencies nationwide. Ninety-five percent of the nation’s counties have one, and nearly 15 million people are served by one every year. Ostensibly, their mission is simple: address poverty on a community level by offering “wrap-around” services to low-income people. The agencies leverage federal money into state and private grants and generally have more flexibility than government agencies in how they help people – like Jayden and Hodgman – whose electric restoration they were able to cover. But had Donald Trump gotten his way in budget negotiations, nearly every Cap in the country would be in the process of closing its doors. The community service block grant (CSBG) that funds the program is one of dozens of community service and poverty-fighting programs the president zeroed in his administration’s March “skinny budget” proposal. And even though Congress ignored Trump and fully funded the agencies in a bipartisan budget deal reached Monday, people like Jayden and Hodgeman who rely on them still have reason to fear. With the president advocating a government shutdown to force his way the next time budget negotiations come around, it’s clear that no federal funding aimed at fighting poverty is safe in Trump’s America. I have personal familiarity with the way these agencies operate, and the complex matrix of support – both financial and ideological – that keeps them afloat. Before my career as a Guardian journalist, I worked at DCCAP in a variety of roles from 2010 to 2013. I came in on the wave of the $700bn Obama stimulus package in 2009, which saw many US not-for-profit groups swell to their largest-ever size. DCCAP’s youth program had received grant money to mentor children with incarcerated parents and I was hired in a part-time, temporary role fresh out of university to help recruit volunteers. But the stimulus, and Obama’s 2009 Democratic supermajority legislature, were short-lived. In 2011, the nascent Tea-Party movement ushered in a new era of austerity and lit any hope for continued expansion ablaze. Indeed, the agency does not even house a youth program any longer. But what it still does is offer case management, job training, food pantries, home weatherization and a senior citizen’s program in a county dotted by pockets of extreme urban and rural blight. “We make other non-profits better and we make city hall and local government more efficient by filling in the gaps in communities,” said David Bradley, executive director of the National Community Action Foundation. The Head Start pre-K program, Meals on Wheels and Dress for Success are just a few of the nationally popular programs that often operate out of Cap agencies. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Jayden Browning with his sisters. Photograph: Richard Beaven for the Guardian The agencies were not in uncharted water being slated for defunding under Trump’s “skinny budget”. Presidents Ronald Reagan, George HW Bush and George W Bush all submitted proposals that would have zeroed the program. Even Barack Obama, who worked directly with the agencies as a community organizer in Chicago in the 1980s, proposed slicing the outlay for CSBG in half during his 2011 State of the Union. But Congress has reliably been the Caps’ savior, and that support comes from both sides of the aisle. “Republicans will not go for those cuts that harm their communities so deeply,” Bradley said, noting that even many conservative legislators see the programs as indispensable to their constituents. Mike Kelly, a congressman elected in the Tea Party wave that brought a number of conservative legislators to office, is one of them. “There’s not enough money for some of the things that I think are important,” Kelly said of Trump’s budget. The Pennsylvania Republican added that he had been pleased with the management of the Caps in his district, calling them “good stewards” of the funds, and has paid several visits to agencies since being elected. “I look at it based on the people I represent, and what’s going to help them, not on any ideology,” Kelly said. And the reality is that while Cap agencies evolved out of Lyndon Johnson’s ambitious 1960s “war on poverty”, the agencies are today a far cry from the kind of “big government” largesse that they were once associated with, at least by their biggest detractors. Instead, much of how they operate has been built in the image of US conservatives. The current model comes courtesy of Ronald Reagan’s administration after he asked Congress, in 1981, to consolidate dozens of anti-poverty federal grants into block grants, which have less federal oversight and fewer restrictions than other types of grants. “When we appropriate money … I love to see those people who actually live there and understand that place to be the ones in charge of how that money is used,” Kelly said. This non-prescriptive approach means that agencies can provide services that make sense for their specific communities, and can adjust to what funders are willing to pay for. When I worked at Cap, for example, the agency hosted a fairly tiny chapter of Dress for Success, a program that helps prepare women to enter or re-enter the workforce with attire for interviews and résumé assistance. In the intervening years, grants from Walmart funded the expansion into a full-fledged career center with one-on-one job-search mentoring. “For every $1 of [federal funding the agencies] receive, non-governmental dollars are close to $3,” Bradley said. In Dutchess County, the Cap uses these private funds for “unmet needs”, in situations like Hodgeman’s, where no program is necessarily right to pay for something, but a client needs it all the same. But in many ways the agencies are more than the sum of their parts, and CSBG funding is the glue that sticks all the pieces together and allows them to function as a single unit. “It lays the foundation for all the other things we’re doing. It’s the rock that holds all the other things up,” said Elizabeth Spira, the director of the Dutchess County agency and – full disclosure – my former boss. The stability of those grants is essentially what allows the agency to exist – to have a building, vehicles or a financial department. CSBG is the infrastructure that other initiatives and programs can rest on when funding shows up, and it serves as a backstop when funding does not. In Dutchess County that money does things like keep the agency’s weatherization program going, especially when its grant payments lag behind the work being done. The federal program, also zeroed by Trump’s budget, helps low-income people make their homes more energy efficient, saving clients money on their heating and cooling bills while simultaneously helping the environment by reducing carbon dioxide emissions. Many clients see their bills cut by 50% or more, leaving them more money for other necessities and, hopefully, driving them towards self-sufficiency. On my brief trek back to my old stomping grounds, I stop by and say hello to the director, Patty Lamoree. She is as I remember her: loud, cantankerous and always offering food. “You want a piece of cake?” she says as I walk into her office for the first time in over three years. My attempt to decline is futile. “C’mon, have a piece of cake. Everybody likes cake.” Lamoree’s role treads the line between a social service provider and a general contractor. As we delve into the nitty-gritty of what her side of the agency does, details I never actually learned in all my time working down the hall, talk of vendors, bids and “as per specs” rolls off her tongue as easily as that of income guidelines and self-sufficiency. Her crew, decimated by cuts since 2010, rolls back in soon after with plaster-caked tees, worn jeans and workboots. They have just finished a nearby job blowing insulation into the attic of a low-income homeowner. “I think they are cutting funding in the wrong spot. It can’t always be the underdog that gets cut, and yet it always is,” Lamoree said. Topics New York Poverty features Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content most viewed The Guardian back to top home US selected politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US selected politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video US News › New York back to top US world science US politics business Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Search Primary Menu Skip to content FRONT PAGE NEWS SOCIETY BUSINESS ECONOMY POLITICS EDUCATION SCI-TECH SPORTS TRAVEL 日本語 ALL BLOGS Blogs  >  SOCIETY Shopping for Furniture and Household Items in Japan May 6, 2017 blogsonjapan Source: city-cost.com Newcomers with families to Japan will have a bunch of baby steps to do to settle down. To start with, you will need to set up a house and find out where to shop to get the starting tools for it. Your Japanese friends and coworkers will get tired of your hundreds of questions, so figuring out on your own is a ‘must’. With a help of a friend, you can buy a phone or set up your computer with wifi and then have fun discovering stores in your area via Google maps. If you are going to live in northern Honshu, there are some stores that can be very helpful for furnishings when you are first settling down. In Kanto area, (Gunma/Gumma) these are:Cainz Home: This chain of retail stores is similar to American stores like as Bi-Mart, Wal-mart or Bed, Bath & Beyond, and carries items for kitchen, bedroom, bathroom and garden. They also have supplies for pets, bug repellents, small tools for maintenance and building. Foreign mothers of school-aged children may find no one can tell you where to get name tags to be attached to all your child’s belongings (though they will tell you these are …continue reading      BLOG CATEGORIES ALL BLOGS BUSINESS CARS CULTURE EDUCATION FOOD JOBS SCI-TECH SOCIETY TRAVEL J-INFO Japan Weather City Guide All Japan Tours Japan Deluxe Tours, Inc. DHgate Japan Fashion PromoCodeWatch.com 7 Binary Options: Robots Search for: CONTACT US ADVERTISING TWITTER RSS iPhone App (Free) iPad App (Free) Android App (Free) NEWS CATEGORIES BUSINESS ECONOMY EDUCATION POLITICS SCI-TECH SOCIETY SPORTS TRAVEL 日本語 BLOG CATEGORIES BUSINESS CULTURE ANIME-MANGA MOVIES EDUCATION JAPANESE TEACHING FOOD JOBS SCI-TECH SOCIETY TRAVEL Kyoto NAVIGATION NEWS Society Business Education Sci-Tech Travel Economy Politics Sports 日本語 BLOGS Business Cars Culture Education Food Sci-Tech Society Travel Music / Talk CONTACT US ADVERTISING TWITTER iPhone App (Free) iPad App (Free) Android App (Free)
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2017 News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for May 06, 2017 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed ThinOPTICS Teams Up With Prevent Blindness, The Patient Advocates For Healthy Vision, To Educate The Public On Eye Health Premiere stemless reading glasses brand partners with national non-profit organization to promote healthy vision.     PALO ALTO, CA, May 06, 2017 /24-7PressRelease/ -- ThinOPTICS, the consumer-oriented eyewear brand that pioneered stemless reading glasses, is thrilled to announce their ongoing partnership with the oldest volunteer eye health organization in the country, Prevent Blindness. Just in time for Healthy Vision Month, ThinOPTICS has pledged to assist Prevent Blindness in promoting their 20/20 @ 40 initiative, a public awareness program that encourages people in their 40's to get a baseline eye exam to help track any potentially problematic changes in the eyes as they age. The program specifically targets those 40 and above, as 40 is an age when indicators of reduced vision and/or poor eye health begin to become more prominent. "As we age, the quality of our vision will likely decrease and for some, that can easily be corrected with eyeglasses or contacts. By getting a baseline eye exam, your eye care professional can track changes in the eye to make sure these changes are not due to a more serious problem, like glaucoma or age-related macular degeneration," said Hugh R. Parry, President and CEO of Prevent Blindness. "We thank ThinOPTICS for their commitment to healthy vision in support of our 20/20 at 40 program and helping us in our sight-saving efforts." In addition to raising awareness about the potential risks stemming from lack of proper eye care, ThinOPTICS is focused on enabling people in their 40's to seamlessly deal with the complications in life created by presbyopia-- a decreased elasticity of the lens due to advancing age resulting in difficulty to focus on near objects. This vision-impairing condition most often targets adults over the age of 35. According to the National Eye Institute, some signs and symptoms of presbyopia include having a hard time reading small print, problems seeing objects that are close, headaches and eyestrain. ThinOPTICS has also partnered with decorated Paralympian and acclaimed contemporary artist, Gregory Burns, to develop a custom line of ThinOPTICS inspired by his most popular artworks. A portion of the proceeds from each pair of Gregory Burns Collection ThinOPTICS sold will be donated to Prevent Blindness to further aid them in their efforts to fight blindness and save sight. These unique designs can be purchased online at http://www.thinoptics.com/preventblindness for $29.95. "We know that there are a lot of fears associated with aging and loss of sight and we aim to give the public the necessary resources to alleviate those fears through this partnership with Prevent Blindness," says ThinOPTICS Co-Founder and VP of Marketing Darren Lancaster. "ThinOPTICS lenses are an amazing tool to accommodate your changing vision, but when you begin regularly reaching for your reading glasses, it probably means it's time to prioritize your eye health and make regular visits to the eye doctor a part of your annual care routine." For more information on general eye health, please visit http://www.preventblindness.org, or call (800) 331-2020. For information on ThinOPTICS and its line of products, visit http://www.thinoptics.com. About ThinOPTICS ThinOPTICS entered the market in 2014 and was launched by a passionate team who believes that reading glasses users should be able to access their glasses at any given time. After 200 prototypes and countless trials, the ThinOPTICS team created the "stick anywhere, go everywhere" reading glasses that are as thin as two credit cards, weigh less than a nickel and easily attach to phones or can be slipped into a wallet, purse or pockets. The reading glasses can be purchased in three strengths: Low Range (+1.50D), Mid Range (+2.00D) and High Range (+2.50D). ThinOPTICS has shipped over 1.5 million glasses to over 170 countries to date and currently offers cases for Apple and Samsung phones, as well as in a Universal Pod and Keychain case. They can be purchased on the company's website and Amazon, but are also available in Walmart Optical, Target, and Safeway stores, as well as over 1,000 Independent Specialty Retailers across the U.S. ThinOPTICS was named "Best in Class - Iconic Design" by Inc., "Best of CES 2015" by PCWorld and has been featured on CBS News Sunday Morning, Yahoo! Tech, FOX News, Real Simple, Refinery29 and more. For additional information on ThinOPTICS, please visit http://www.thinoptics.com. About Prevent Blindness Founded in 1908, Prevent Blindness is the nation's leading volunteer eye health and safety organization dedicated to fighting blindness and saving sight. Focused on promoting a continuum of vision care, Prevent Blindness touches the lives of millions of people each year through public and professional education, advocacy, certified vision screening and training, community and patient service programs and research. These services are made possible through the generous support of the American public. Together with a network of affiliates, Prevent Blindness is committed to eliminating preventable blindness in America. For more information, or to make a contribution to the sight-saving fund, call 1-800-331-2020. Or, visit us on the Web at http://www.preventblindness.org or http://www.facebook.com/preventblindness/. About Gregory Burns American born artist Gregory Burns began swimming in the White House pool after contracting polio as a child while his family was living in Jerusalem. Encouraged by the freedom and beauty it offered, he later began surfing and scuba diving, which provided an intimate view into the oceans of the world. Competing in the 1992 Barcelona, 1996 Atlanta and 2000 Sydney Paralympic Games and capturing five world records in swimming taught him the value of disciplined training. The passion he once reserved for sports is now directed into his art. Since 1980, Gregory has navigated the world sketching and painting. Through traveling and casting a wide net, he continues to pull in a diverse collection of colors and imagery with which he tries to synthesize and portray the beauty of nature and the power of the human spirit. Over the past sixteen years he has been the celebrated Artist-in-Residence at thirty prestigious venues across the globe. In 2016, the United States Sports Academy named Gregory the Sports Artist of the Year. Gregory holds an MFA in painting and has exhibited in fifteen countries throughout Asia, Europe and America for over thirty years. He has published three books in English and Mandarin and has been featured on CNN, BBC, CNBC, ESPN, CNA, CCTV and in The AWSJ, Time Magazine and The China Daily. He lives in Singapore and California. For more information on Gregory and his art, please visit http://www.gregoryburns.com. # # # Read more Press Releases from Danielle Kent: Thinoptics Partners With Quincy Jones To Launch Curated Collection Benefitting Three Transformative Philanthropic Organizations Contact Information Danielle Kent ThinOPTICS Los Angeles, California USA Voice: 213.988.8344 E-Mail: Email Us Here Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2017 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
Login Classifieds Menu Contact Us Login Register Customer Service Subscribe Renew Your Subscription Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop Change of Address Delivery Issue Carrier Information Newspapers in Education e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections Marketplace Search Ads Place an Ad Employment Public Notices Real Estate Guide Garage Sales E-edition Print Ads Public Notices Since 1875 Winner of the 2016 ONPA General Excellence Award Subscribe Menu Staff Directory Advertise With Us Submission Forms Anniversary Births Delivery Issues Engagements Feedback Letter to the Editor Obituary Submit News Weddings Vacation Start & Stop Work at the EO About Us Photos, Videos & Podcasts Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints EO Audio Podcast Submit Photos Videos Login Register Subscribe Delivery Issue Email Newsletters Vacation Start & Stop News Local News Northwest Nation & World Business Closures Agriculture Submit News & Photos Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter to the Editor Community Community News Calendar Your EO News Eat, Drink & Explore Celebrations In Uniform Student Honors Days Gone By Out of the Vault Book Reviews Contests Sports Local Sports College Sports College Basketball Experience College Football Experience Pro Sports Auto Racing Experience Pro Football Experience Winter Games Experience Scoreboard Outside Rodeo & Round-Up Obituaries Obituaries & Death Notices Submit an Obituary Tips for Writing Obituaries Records Births Public Meetings Public Safety Logs Jail Roster Most Wanted Courts Public Notices Lotteries e-Editions East Oregonian Special Sections 1-800-522-0255 Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Home News Local News Hermiston drone enthusiast puts an eye in the sky Hobbyist uses device to get a new angle on scenery Phil Wright East Oregonian Published on May 5, 2017 9:03PM Staff photo by Kathy Aney James Thomas of Hermiston flies his drone near Hat Rock. Buy this photo Photo contributed by James Thomas James Thomas of Hermiston flew his DJI Phantom 4 drone over Wallowa Lake to take this shot. Photo contributed by James Thomas James Thomas of Hermiston took this photo of Joseph from the air using a DJI Phantom 4 drone. Photo contributed by James Thomas James Thomas of Hermiston shot this photo of a Pendleton thunderstorm from the air using a DJI Phantom 4 drone. Photo by James Thomas James Thomas of Hermiston flies his drone near Hat Rock using an iPad to track direction, speed, elevation and operate the drone’s camera. Buy this photo Staff photo by Kathy Aney James Thomas of Hermiston packs away his new drone, which fits in a hard styrofoam container. He got the drone about eight weeks ago and said he resfued to leave to visit his family in Lebanon before the device arrived. Buy this photo Staff photo by Kathy Aney James Thomas’ DJI Phantom 4 drone hovers near Hat Rock. Buy this photo Staff photo by Kathy Aney James Thomas of Hermiston shows the Federal Aviation Administration registration number on his DJI Phantom 4 drone. Buy this photo Staff photo by Kathy Aney James Thomas keeps an extra battery in reserve to power his Phanton 4 drone for up to 22 minutes of flight time. The drone is designed to return to the user before the battery dies. Buy this photo The drone hovered a few feet off the ground, sounding like a small swarm of bees. Cows on the grassy pasture nearby paid it no mind. James Thomas of Hermiston sent his four-bladed DJI Phantom 4 Pro soaring. Seconds later it disappeared from sight somewhere above Hat Rock State Park on the Columbia River. “It practically flies itself,” he said. “It’s a very smart drone.” The contraption would fit in a plastic milk crate. Thomas, 25, operated the drone with left and right joysticks on a hand-held console, akin to a video game controller. He connected an iPad tablet that displays images from the drone’s ultra-definition camera as well as flight information, including speed and altitude. The manufacturer advises a top speed of 45 mph, he said, but with a tailwind he has seen it reach 55. The signal from the console is good within three miles, he said, and a pair of antenna attachments boosted the distance to five. Still, he held off flying the $1,000 device all the way to the Washington side of the river. “Since we’re so close to the Columbia, with the weather, I’m kind of scared to do it,” he said. Thomas also said he flies it no higher than 400 feet, the Federal Aviation Administration’s ceiling on recreational drone use. He paid $25 to register the drone with the agency. He said two years ago he saw a drone in action and “thought it was so cool.” This year he convinced his girlfriend, Mariah Rincker, 25, of Hermiston, to buy the Phantom 4 with her tax return, with the promise he would pay her back. “He loves it,” she said. “It’s crazy how much stuff he’s done with it already.” He has had the drone for about eight weeks. They planned to visit his family in his hometown of Lebanon, Oregon, the same day the drone was to arrive. “I simply refused to leave until this thing came in the mail,” he said. His interest in flying, however, sprouted years before. “My stepdad was a pilot, so I love seeing things from the air,” he said, which even grew into him flying for the Civil Air Patrol. Thomas also said he was “big into photography” in high school, and the drone allows him to pursue that as well. He said he used the drone to shoot video of the Umatilla River flooding in Hermiston, which he gave to a Tri-Cities TV news station. Thomas works at the Hermiston Wal-Mart Distribution Center. On his days off, he said, he, Rincker and her 2-year-old son “try to go somewhere cool that has nice scenery.” Their best trip yet was April 21 to Wallowa Lake, where he took photos of mountain clouds reflecting off the high lake’s placid waters. He said his sister picked one image for her birthday present. He recalled he crashed the drone into a tree on an early flight and lost the drone on Hermiston Butte when “something went crazy with it.” His best guess was interference from the communication towers. Their visit to the wind farm at Finley Buttes did not pan out. Rincker said they found signs prohibiting drones. And the airport at Joseph, Thomas said, has a “huge no fly zone” that prevented the drone from working. He has flown at the Eastern Oregon Regional Airport, Pendleton, he said, which requires calling the tower operator for permission. While at the Hermiston Municipal Airport, he has to keep an eye out for LifeFlight aircraft. His biggest fear of flying, though, is hitting a bird. He also said eagles are a concern because they have attacked drones. Rincker credited the drone with getting them outdoors but said she has yet to fly the drone. Thomas said when his girlfriend tried, the weather soured. Thomas added they are looking at flying over the Painted Hills and Hell’s Canyon. And he just might fly it this weekend over Hermiston, he said, to take in the big Cinco de Mayo celebration. ——— Contact Phil Wright at pwright@eastoregonian.com or 541-966-0833. Marketplace Jobs Garage Sales Real Estate Share and Discuss Guidelines User Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Our Guidelines Stay on topic - This helps keep the thread focused on the discussion at hand. If you would like to discuss another topic, look for a relevant article. Share with Us - We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article, and smart, constructive criticism. Be Civil - It's OK to have a difference in opinion but there's no need to be a jerk. We reserve the right to delete any comments that we feel are spammy, off-topic, or reckless to the community. Be proactive - Use the 'Flag as Inappropriate' link at the upper right corner of each comment to let us know of abusive posts. × Search sponsored by East Oregon Marketplace Most Read Comments Trending Two-day Cinco de Mayo event offers twice the fun ( 3775 ) Umatilla man found guilty of jealousy-fueled shooting in Hermiston ( 7484 ) Pendleton gala remembers Doolittle Raiders ( 7087 ) Vandals cause nearly $3,000 worth of damage to EOTEC ( 7059 ) Family, friends pull together to help Ammons after ATV accident ( 7047 ) DA Primus questions if murder defendant ‘feigning’ mental illness ( 6604 ) Consul general talks U.S.-Mexico relations at Hermiston’s Cinco de Mayo ( 248 ) Work begins on first new Milton-Freewater school since 1922 ( 27 ) New Yellowhawk clinic on path to net-zero energy consumption ( 13 ) LETTER: Support Crary in ousting Rep. Greg Walden in 2018 ( 11 ) Old grain elevator blaze takes combined firefighting front ( 11 ) BASEBALL: Wolves manage split with Hawks ( 10 ) News Business Local News Nation & World Northwest Submit News & Photos Sports College Sports Local Sports Rodeo & Roundup Photos & Videos Latest Photos Photo Gallery Photo Reprints Obituaries All Obituaries Submit an Obituary Opinion Letters Submit a Letter Our Media Family Blue Mountain Eagle Cannon Beach Gazette Capital Press Ag Weekly Chinook Observer Coast River Business Journal The Daily Astorian East Oregonian The Hermiston Herald Oregon Coast Today Seaside Signal Wallowa County Chieftain Subscriptions Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Email Newsletters Newspapers in Education Vacation Start & Stop Contact Us Staff Directory © 2017 East Oregonian Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Site Archive VVC to hold Community Job Fair Friday May 5, 2017 at 7:56 PM Staff Reports Victor Valley College and El Dorado Broadcasters will present the 2017 Community Job Fair from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Thursday at the college's lower campus, gym building 71, 18422 Bear Valley Road, Victorville. There is no charge for job seekers to attend. Free parking also is available in Lot 16. Among the employers that will be present are Arrowhead Credit Union, the California Highway Patrol, the San Bernardino and Los Angeles County sheriff's departments, Wal-Mart distribution center, Victor Valley Global Medical Center and many others. Among the types of jobs employers are seeking to fill are tellers, clerical, nursing and health care, customer service, drivers, warehouse, retail, law enforcement, financial advisors and many more. Job candidates should dress professionally and bring several resume copies. Visit www.vvc.edu/jobfair for an updated list of employers expected to participate. Call Veronica Manriquez at 760-245-4271, ext. 2244, for more information. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Photos Videos Topics Live Cricket Score Home India Mumbai Delhi World Business Technology Sports IPL Entertainment Bollywood Hollywood Television Lifestyle Education & Careers TRENDING# Narendra Modi Donald Trump Bahubali 2 Exam results 2017 IPL 2017 News Analysis Farm-friendly, the US way Not being able to manage farm surpluses and absence of commitment to help farmers at times of glut have been the bane of Indian agriculture Shares46 Devinder Sharma | Sat, 6 May 2017-08:05am , DNA Their aggressive procurement strategies to offset price crashes hold important lessons for India After two years of back-to-back drought, a bountiful monsoon in 2016 was expected to bring cheer to farmers. But while foodgrain production certainly increased, the resulting glut in the market, especially for pulses, chillies, mustard, tomatoes, potatoes, onions, and now turmeric, has left farmers high and dry. Prices crashed, and with the government failing to step in to purchase the surplus, farmers were devastated, being forced to dump the harvest on the highways in protest. While chilli cultivators in Andhra Pradesh and Telangana took the extreme step of putting heaps of chillies in some market yards to light them up, it soon turned into a hot political battle. As YSR Congress Chief YS Jagan Mohan Reddy went on a hunger strike demanding compensation for farmers, Union Information and Broadcasting Minister M Venkaiah Naidu, who hails from the region, met Agriculture Minister Radha Mohan Singh in New Delhi, seeking government intervention. Attracted by higher prices and favourable weather conditions, farmers put in their best to achieve record production. But their excitement was short-lived. Prices crashed across the country, leaving farmers in the lurch. Ironically, Telangana government itself had advised farmers to shift to chilli, maize, and soya, so as to reduce the acreage under cotton. But against last year’s price of Rs 12,000 per quintal for dry chillies, this year, the prices have crashed to Rs 5,000 to Rs 6,000. In the case of pulses too, the government had raised the procurement prices to provide an added incentive to growers. But against the procurement price of Rs 5,050 per quintal for tur dal, farmers failed to get anything higher than Rs 4,200. While production touched a record high, unbridled imports exceeding 90 lakh tonnes hit the domestic growers. Not only from Mozambique, with which India has a tie-up to grow and import pulses, Food and Consumer Affairs Minister Ram Vilas Paswan has made it clear that the government intends to import more. “We are talking to all African nations for pulse imports. Other pulse-growing nations are also being contacted,” he recently told newsmen, not realising that an ad hoc food import policy can play havoc with domestic production. But is this the way the United States, from where we borrow most of the farm policy approaches, operates? Does it leave farmers to face the vagaries of the market? How does the US cope with the situation of farm surpluses? Are the private markets, and the retail giants like Walmart, so transparent and efficient that they don’t allow farmers to face any situation of distress arising from price crash? In the US, the government invariably steps in when farmers suffer from a slump in market prices. When private markets fail to rescue farmers from a price crash, the US Department of Agriculture (USDA) moves in immediately to manage the surplus. In 2016, when there was a crash in market prices, the USDA procured 11 million tonnes of cheese worth $20 million from farmers. “This commodity purchase is part of a robust, comprehensive safety net that will help reduce a cheese surplus that is at a 30-year high, while moving high-protein food to the tables of those most in need,” the then Agriculture Secretary Tom Vilsack had said, adding “USDA will continue to look for ways within its authority to tackle food insecurity and provide for added stability in the marketplace.” Earlier too, the USDA purchased 10 million pounds of strawberries, and directed the procurement to schools as well as to the needy. It purchased $6 million of fresh tomatoes in 2011 to help growers faced with oversupply. Since 2002, the US Farm Bill provides for income support to farmers under what is called ‘price-loss coverage’ system. In 2014, the income support helped peanut growers emerge out of the crisis emanating from a price crash. Unlike the Market Intervention System in India, which is essentially aimed at consumers when food inflation soars, the US has instead put in a strong safety-net mechanism for farmers. It is the absence of strong commitment to help farmers at times of glut that is turning out to be the primary reason for the continuing farm crisis. Not being able to manage farm surpluses has been the bane of Indian agriculture. The author is an agricultural policy analyst. Devinder Sharma Info TOP TOP < Gujarat Board Class 12th Science Results 2017: Gseb.org GSEB 12th HSC (+2) Result 2017 Gujarat Board to be announced on May 8   Comments   Also Read Analysis Women are questioning patriarchal hegemony Analysis (Em)Powering Mumbai: How competitive bidding becomes crucial Analysis Farm-friendly, the US way Analysis DNA Edit: The Nirbhaya case ruling will echo Analysis UEFA Champions League | Class and experience of Juventus dry up Monaco's fountain of youth Analysis Trump's first big win as President: Top 5 takeaways as US House passes bill to replace Obamacare Next Article > (Em)Powering Mumbai: How competitive bidding becomes crucial < Previous ArticleNext Article > Gujarat Board Class 12th Science Results 2017: Gseb.org GSEB 12th HSC (+2) Result 2017 Gujarat Board to be announced on May 8 Live Cricket Score England vs Ireland Sun, 7 May 2017, 03:30 PM IST Royal Challengers Bangalore vs Kolkata Knight Riders Sun, 7 May 2017, 04:00 PM IST Next node (Em)Powering Mumbai: How competitive bidding becomes crucial Related Baahubali and the rules for cinematic acceptance in the North For Aizawl FC, heartbreak after euphoria Diplomacy reaches higher orbit: ISRO’s success enables India to further its strategic goals Video Watch: Adorable reaction of school friends to 7-year-old Anu's new pink blade prosthetic leg WATCH: Airplane bursts into flames before crashing into Washington traffic WATCH: Singers Roopkumar and Sunali Rathod sing to Eman before she departs for Abu Dhabi View all Tags opinion Monsoon Foodgrain Production Radha Mohan Singh Ram Vilas Paswan Tom Vilsack Congress Venkaiah Naidu Walmart United States Mozambique Andhra Pradesh Telangana YS Jagan Mohan Reddy farmers US Department of Agriculture (USDA) SITE INDEX About DNA Contact us Investors Advertise Reprint Rights News Waiting for 'rakshaks', foraging cows choke on plastic across Ex-CVO opposes govt stand on extension of AIIMS engineer in HC SC seeks Centre's response on plea for VVPAT for Gujarat polls AAP crisis: 'Saw Satyendra Jain giving Rs 2 crore to CM Arvind Kejriwal', alleges sacked AAP Minister Kapil Mishra Show rules on tackling stray dogs & monkeys:HC to authorities Sport Wood feared his England career was over post ankle injury Rodriguez, Morata net braces as Madrid crush Granada in La Liga Reuters Sports Schedule at 0600 GMT on Sunday, May 7 Istanbul Open: Milos Raonic and Marin Cilic to slug out in heavyweight final Soccer-Amateurs Auckland City qualify for Club World Cup Entertainment Prabhas thanks Rajamouli for giving him 'Baahubali' I will definitely never be stereotyped: Priyanka Chopra's on a roll and how! Diane Keaton to be honored with AFI lifetime achievement award 'Baahubali 2' becomes highest earning Indian movie of all time Probe against Stephen Fry for calling God 'utter maniac' Money Agri Min proposes hike in tur dal import duty to 20% ICAI asks auditors to ensure proper disclosure on junked notes Intex eyes up to 40% growth in accessories biz this fiscal FPIs dump shares worth Rs 1,700-cr in just 4 trading sessions ASSOCHAM for creation of Stressed Asset Funds for NPA resolution Partner site: Zee News ©2017 Diligent Media Corporation Ltd.
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for PalmBeachPost.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your PalmBeachPost.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on PalmBeachPost.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Jobs Autos Homes Classifieds Help 64 0 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 64 0 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home News close subnav open subnav All News Breaking News Busin﻿ess Crime Booking Blotter Schools & Education Latest Videos Opinion Nation & World Mobile Alerts Email Newsletters Neighborhoods NEWS BLOGS Post on Politics Protecting Your Pocket Opinion Zone Real Time Malled! South Florida Retail Extra Credit Education West Palm Beat Eye on Palm Beach County All blogs MyPalmBeachPost close subnav open subnav All MyPalmBeachPost Local Community U.S. / World Politics Exclusives Sports Travel Food The Post's ePaper PREMIUM BLOGS Feast Palm Beach Post on Politics Real Time Frankly Florida Dave's Digital The Insider Weather close subnav open subnav All Weather Storm2017.com Interactive Radar Current Conditions Five-Day Forecast Follow Kim Weather+ App Storm2016.com Home Tropical Outlook Ocean Temps Tracking Map Life close subnav open subnav All Life Food & Dining Craft Beer Scene Ask Legal Experts Health Ask Health Experts Travel Hometown Destinations Notables Pets Offbeat Technology TAKE A BREAK Notables Games TV Listings CUSTOMER SERVICE Place an Announcement Place an Obituary Sports close subnav open subnav All Sports Scores & Schedules High Schools Dolphins Heat Marlins Hurricanes Gators Seminoles Recruiting Golf The Masters SPORTS BLOGS Daily Dolphin Heat Zone Fish Tank Canes Watch Gator Bytes Seminole Post FAU Focus High School Buzz From the Bunker Youth Sports Daily All blogs Things To Do close subnav open subnav All Things To Do Search Events Movie Showtimes Add an Event Latest Videos Dining TV Craft Beer Scene THINGS TO DO BLOGS Feast Palm Beach Featured The Pop File S. Florida Super Fun Team MORE Pets Travel More close subnav open subnav All More Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Autos Public Notices Historic Archive: 1916 -  Text Archive: 1989 -  Shopping My Local Home Design Ideas Palm Beach Post ePaper SERVICES Place a Celebration Obituary Notice Place a Classified Ad Digital Products Archives Newspapers in Education Ideabar Digital Marketing Reprints / Licensing Gallery Palm Beach 64 West Palm Beach, FL  33401 0 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index Visitor Agreement Privacy Policy Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Shortcuts Obituaries Newsletters Place a Classified Ad Subscribe Customer Care Real Estate Jobs Autos Contact Us Advertising Digital Products Explore these products PalmBeachPost.com MyPalmBeachPost.com Palm Beach Post ePaper PalmBeachDailyNews.com Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Slime: Or why Elmer’s Glue is in such high demand 0 Slime: Or why Elmer’s Glue is in such high demand 0 Sonja Isger Palm Beach Post Staff Writer 11:13 a.m. Friday, May 5, 2017 Things To Do 0 Slime. If the only visual that comes to mind when seeing that word is the algae laden waterways of last summer, or what happens to Ghostbuster Bill Murray when he runs into that “ugly little spud” haunting a swank New York City hotel, well, you can leave the room. You clearly don’t have tween-agers. Your Tupperware supply is safe. And the odds of the finish on your dining room table getting eaten by a homemade concoction run amok is slim. But for a certain swath of the population, Slime is a four-letter word that invokes panic regarding the local supply of Elmer’s Glue and contact lens solution. It is what has swallowed your child whole and spit out a 10- or 11- or 12-year-old entrepreneur who when not making Slime, is busy selling Slime, recording videos of her squishing Slime or listening to the sounds of Slime in pursuit of relaxation from the stress of producing and selling Slime. Read more from the Slime series: SLIME (Part 2) Slime: How tweens make it, tape it and rake it in SLIME (Part 3) Is it safe to use Borax for DIY Slime? SLIME (Part 4) Slime: The soothing sounds of Slime. ASMR anyone? Slime dates back to the invention of the classroom demonstration. You really can’t find a science teacher who hasn’t in some way combined various household materials to make a gooey, yet pliable wad in the name of introducing the wonders of chemistry to kids who’d rather be doing just about anything other than learning the wonders of chemistry. Slime has lurked in the nation’s hands-on science museums and summer camps, outliving pet rocks and hanging with the vinegar and baking soda volcano set, for as long as the grownups in their employ can recall. But sometime in the last six months, something changed. And by December, 10-year-old Lola Matos of Jupiter was among the throngs asking Santa for jugs of glue. Because surely he’d have an easier time laying hands on the material than she and her mom. The essential ingredient: Glue Nora Maciak, 12, is a sixth-grader is in the slime business. She keeps slime stocked in her bedroom dresser and makes batches regularly in Jupiter, Florida on May 1, 2017. (Allen Eyestone / The Palm Beach Post) The Palm Beach Post “When this first started, we’d have to search five or six stores to even find glue. All the stores were out. Walmart. Publix. Sold out. You’d run into a clerk and they’d tell you we have no glue even before you told them what you were looking for,” recalled Jennifer Matos, Lola’s mom. In Wellington, Destiny Smith’s mother developed a strategy for these shortages: Ace Hardware. And buy it by the gallon. Some Slime ingredients vary by chef and recipe. Shaving cream. Food coloring. Foaming hand soap. But almost without exception, the key ingredient to Slime is glue. The folks behind Elmer’s aren’t fools. They pedal this stuff by the jug. The Slime ingredient list now adorns the screaming orange boxes in which the glue is shelved. Elmer’s parent company, Newell Brands, reported they saw a rise in sales over the second half of 2016. In December, those sales had more than doubled, reports CNBC. Troll the aisles of Michael’s craft stores, Office Depot and Target and you’ll find Slime stations – get there on the right day and the stations are stocked with every ingredient needed to make the glop that can be molded and pulled like taffy, but doesn’t drip. Go at the wrong time, and only the odd glitter bottle remains. Office Depot, where a gallon of glue is selling for about $16, has hosted two national Slime events where kids are walked through the steps of making slime. Slime: It’s educational, too Slime does have its teachable moments. And not just in chemistry. Slime is a secret weapon for a lot of animals, including the hagfish, said Alexandra Laing, who works in Palm Beach County’s curriculum department. The hagfish can secrete stringy proteins that turn into slime when they come in contact with seawater. Word is they can mix up buckets of the stuff in mere minutes “But it also relates to humans,” Laing said. “We make six cups of slime a day that coats the insides of our digestive system. It’s in the lining of our nose and mouth.” As educational as it may be, one Michael’s clerk confided, “I have a lot of parents who can’t wait for this fad to end.” Count Destiny’s mom, Latoya Mills, among them. “It clogged my sink and got into the finish of my sofa. I can’t keep Ziplock bags in stock. All my containers are gone. I have no containers. None,” Mills said. Who knows what’s happening in the landfill with the discarded batches. Perhaps this will go the way of other recent fads. Is anyone still flipping plastic water bottles? At least some moms say the next fad on the horizon is at least less messy: Fidget spinners. Look it up online.  View Comments 0 Most Read Palm Beach County mugshots: Arrest photos from Palm Beach County PBSO: Body found shot in crashed car was Riviera Beach man with h Four Palm Beach County Housing Authority workers arrested in frau Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 64 33401 0 Most Read Palm Beach County mugshots: Arrest photos from Palm Beach County PBSO: Body found shot in crashed car was Riviera Beach man with h Four Palm Beach County Housing Authority workers arrested in frau Things To Do Add Event + See More More from palmbeachpost.com Topics News Sports Life News Teacher fired after shocking photo shows her dragging student Clarence Irwin Jr. William H. Murphy III Loraine Doris Meier Tracy Paul L. Buter Chuck Kachigian Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index Visitor Agreement Privacy Policy Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Close SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS LIFE NEIGHBORHOODS CLASSIFIEDS THINGS TO DO VIDEOS PARTNERS FIND N SAVE KUDZU AUTOTRADER VALPAK PALM BEACH DAILY NEWS IDEABAR DIGITAL SERVICES SHORTCUTS OBITUARIES PLACE A CLASSIFIED AD CONTACT US CLASSIFIEDS REAL ESTATE JOBS AUTOS ADVERTISE WITH US PLACE AN ANNOUNCEMENT DIGITAL PRODUCTS CUSTOMER CARE SUBSCRIBE FUN GAMES FOLLOW US MOBILE ALERTS NEWSLETTERS FACEBOOK TWITTER INSTAGRAM YOUTUBE PINTEREST UTILITIES ARCHIVES MEMBER CENTER WEATHER TRAFFIC MAP PUBLIC NOTICES GALLERY PALM BEACH NEWSPAPERS IN EDUCATION REPRINTS / LICENSING INTERNSHIPS PRODUCTS PalmBeachPost.com - Get Palm Beach County's News Now myPalmBeachPost - Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More ePaper - Read Today's Paper The Palm Beach Post - Real News Starts HereSubscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations Opinion Commentary: CRASH! Florida remains 1 of 8 states without serious texting, driving laws High school student leading fight to ban texting & driving in Florida CBS Miami’s Vanessa Borge reports. CBS Miami’s Vanessa Borge reports. Scott MaxwellContact ReporterTaking Names Privacy Policy Texting while driving is a deadly epidemic in this country. Nearly nine people die every day as a result of distracted driving, according to the National Highway Traffic Safety Administration. The numbers for accidents in general are even higher — about one every minute. That means that, in just the time it took you to read this far in this column — CRASH!! — another life was probably affected, maybe ended. It’s a problem more prevalent than drunken driving. For all those reasons, most states — 42 of them — have banned texting while driving. And for all those reasons, safe-driving advocates and victims of past crashes hoped Florida would join them this year. But we did not. As legislators once again held countless hearings on issues the booze lobby, pot lobby, gun lobby and insurance lobby wanted them to consider, the bill to ban texting while driving simply collected dust. “We didn’t even get a hearing — not one hearing — in the transportation committee,” said Rep. Emily Slosberg, the South Florida Democrat who sponsored the bill. “It’s just not a priority because there aren’t lobbyists up here pushing it.” CRASH!! (Another minute passed.) Technically, Florida does have a ban on texting and driving. But, unlike those other 42 states, it’s what’s called a “secondary offense,” meaning cops can’t stop drivers unless the officers see the drivers committing some other infraction. As Slosberg noted: “Every other infraction, including [not wearing] seat belts, is a primary offense.” The inconsistency makes little sense to law-enforcement leaders. “I just don’t understand why we haven’t followed the other states,” said Orlando Police Chief John Mina. It’s not about making more arrests, Mina said. It’s about changing behavior: “I think it would stop the vast majority of law-abiding people who will decide: OK, now it’s a law.” Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings agreed, noting that such laws wouldn’t just protect other drivers, but pedestrians as well. CRASH!! That was the last sound WKMG-Channel 6 anchor Matt Austin heard before he blacked out last year. Austin regained his senses in the middle of an intersection with something wet running down his neck. It was blood. The child safety seat in the back of his car had flown forward when a texting driver rammed into his car, ripping off the back of Austin’s scalp. During his recovery in the week that followed — much of it in dark room where he couldn’t read or even watch his own TV station — Austin decided to do something he hadn’t ever done before: actively lobby to get a law changed. “I never wanted to blur this line,” he said. “But this isn’t a partisan issue. It’s something the public overwhelmingly supports. I’ve been contacted by people with stories about moms dying, kids dying … something needs to change.” So Austin, a father of three, took his own story to the airwaves and started interviewing legislators, asking why they wouldn’t change the law. Few of them actually seemed opposed to the idea. It was just that few of them seemed very passionate about championing it, either. “I finally realized: It’s not that there’s money pushing them not to do this,” Austin said. “It’s that there’s not money pushing them to do this.” That became extra clear during a trip to Tallahassee when Austin stood outside a legislative chamber with the father of a child killed by a distracted driver as lawmakers debated a tweak in the state’s liquor laws … for six hours. The grieving dad was incensed. He couldn’t even get legislators to hold a hearing on the texting law. But the lobbyists for Wal-Mart, Target and the liquor stores — all fighting over their right to the public’s booze money — scored undivided attention. CRASH!! Slosberg said she will try again next year. She has a bipartisan coalition of co-sponsors. And in a ray of hope, she said legislative leaders have agreed to hold a workshop on the matter this fall. There is a contingent opposed to texting laws on the grounds that texting is a civil liberty. But that argument doesn’t take much thought to refute. Drinking beer is a liberty, too. But you don’t have the right to do it while driving. Quite simply, you don’t have the liberty to engage in behavior likely to kill people. There are details that need fleshing out — rules about checking phones at stoplights or for GPS purposes, the amount of the fines, etc. But the important thing is to have the discussion; something most states have already done, but which Florida has not. Meanwhile, as every day passes ... CRASH!! To find contact info for your legislator, visit www.leg.state.fl.us. smaxwell@orlandosentinel.com Caption Orange City has a controversial new poker room - Orlando News Now Scott Maxwell talks about Florida's controversial new poker room in Orange City.  Scott Maxwell talks about Florida's controversial new poker room in Orange City.  Caption Orange City has a controversial new poker room - Orlando News Now Scott Maxwell talks about Florida's controversial new poker room in Orange City.  Scott Maxwell talks about Florida's controversial new poker room in Orange City.  Caption Scott Maxwell versus Universal's 'high-crime' tax cuts Columnist Scott Maxwell takes on Universal Orlando's nearly-magical use of 'high-crime' tax cuts in order pad its $150 million in annual profits. Columnist Scott Maxwell takes on Universal Orlando's nearly-magical use of 'high-crime' tax cuts in order pad its $150 million in annual profits. Caption Wrongful convictions and bogus experts should dog Bondi - Taking Names Pam Bondi went on TV in 2010 and promised to probe cases involving a bogus dog handler expert that helped lead to convictions in dozens of cases. In 2017, a whole lot of nothing has happened. Pam Bondi went on TV in 2010 and promised to probe cases involving a bogus dog handler expert that helped lead to convictions in dozens of cases. In 2017, a whole lot of nothing has happened. Caption No judicial experience, no problem! Eric Eisnaugle is a finalist for 5th District Court of Appeals In complete disregard of judicial experience, Eric Eisnaugle was selected as a finalist for the Fifth District Court of Appeals. In complete disregard of judicial experience, Eric Eisnaugle was selected as a finalist for the Fifth District Court of Appeals. Caption Shuttered 'choice' school: Where's the accountability asks Scott Maxwell - Orlando News Now Earlier this month, two Orlando schools for special-needs students were closed abruptly when state officials accused them of defrauding Medicaid and denying services to students. Earlier this month, two Orlando schools for special-needs students were closed abruptly when state officials accused them of defrauding Medicaid and denying services to students. Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel All Sections News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Obituaries 62°
WTVF Traffic Weather All Sections News + Local Tennessee Kentucky U.S. NC5 Investigates Crime Education School Patrol Medical Politics Entertainment Conquering Addiction Traffic + Sky5 HD Gas Prices TDOT Traffic Report Airport Road Rants Weather + Radar 7-Day Forecast Weather Alerts Current Conditions Live Cameras School Closings Daily Forecast Hourly Forecast Closings & Delays Severe Weather Alerts Weather Team Weather Kids Weather Videos Power Outages Video + Live Newscasts Watch 5+ Live CBSN Live Video YouTube Roku Sports + Titans Predators Commodores Volunteers Blue Raiders TSU Tigers Sounds NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament Money + Consumer Reports Consumer Alert Shop Smart Life + Back to School Summer Heart Health Fall Black Friday Flu Season Healthy New Year Celebrate Tennessee Giving Back Talk of the Town + Recipes Extras Go Local Be Your Best Meet the Team NewsChannel5+ + Watch 5+ Live MorningLine OpenLine SportsLine Inside Politics Community Health Matters Countdown to Friday Fishin' Affliction Beacon Retirement Strategies Inside Workforce Development Issues of Faith LifeStyle with Denise Simons Medical Monday Mortgage Matters Out & About Today Panorama Pharmacist On Call The Plus Side of Nashville Retirement Report ¿Que Pasa Nashville? SCORE on Business Southern Woods & Waters Takacs McGinnis Elder Care Law Hour Titans Talk Urban Outlook Photos + my5 Viewer Photos Weather Kids About Us + Contact Us Submit News Tips TV Listings Team Bios Advertise with Us EEO Public File Report Closed Captioning Support Jobs Current 52 Fair 3-Day Forecast HI: -° LO: 43° HI: -° LO: 43° HI: -° LO: 43° Weather Traffic current alerts 1 Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 3 Weather Alerts Flood Advisory issued May 6 at 9:20PM CDT expiring May 9 at 8:03PM CDT in effect for: Decatur, Hardin Flood Advisory issued May 6 at 9:20PM CDT expiring May 9 at 8:03PM CDT in effect for: Decatur, Perry Flood Advisory issued May 3 at 11:32AM CDT expiring May 7 at 6:14PM CDT in effect for: Decatur, Hardin 3 Weather Alerts Exxon Markent Prepares To Reopen After Deadly Shooting Jonquil Newland 7:13 PM, May 5, 2017 7:27 PM, May 5, 2017 Share Article Previous Next Following the fatal shooting of a clerk in the Charlotte Pike Exxon market in downtown Nashville, workers spent days preparing the store to reopen. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next NASHVILLE, Tenn. - Following the fatal shooting of a clerk in the Charlotte Pike Exxon market in downtown Nashville, workers spent days preparing the store to reopen. At first glance, nothing seemed out of place inside the Exxon market on Charlotte Pike Friday. The isles were fully stocked, the day's rain showers were heard throughout the store, but there was no one behind the counter. A sub-contractor worked to repair the flooring. She chipped away at the tiles just as Daniel Clark and Trinity Quinn were accused of chipping away at the heart of this community.  On Tuesday night, they were accused of walking into the market with a plan to steal a set of keys. The van they arrived in was out of gas in the Wal Mart parking lot just down the road. Working behind the cash register, was 58-year-old John Stevens. When the duo left, he was dead and they were on the run. The evidence left behind could still be seen in the store.  "Over here where the cashier works you'll see some shots, you see behind telephone," one subcontractor explained. They were working in order to re-open the store on Saturday. Meanwhile, the memorial of flowers outside the front door continued to grow. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story News Sports Weather Traffic Talk of the Town NewsChannel 5+Support NewsChannel 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Team Bios About Us Contest Your Money As Seen on NC5 School Patrol TV Listings Laff Mobile Apps NewsChannel 5 iPhone iPad Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 6 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of May 8-12, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of May 8-12, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – On Saturday night, northbound traffic will be shifted to the two outside lanes beginning at 9 p.m. and the inside lane will be closed to traffic. This shift will allow the contractor to complete work in the median strip. Motorists traveling that section of Route 29 between 9 p.m. Saturday and 6 a.m. Sunday should anticipate congestion and brief delays due to the traffic switch and associated work to restripe the pavement and realign traffic signal heads. Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday while the beams on the Berkmar Drive bridge are painted. The canoe/kayak put-in on the southwest corner of the intersection will be accessible during practice runs for the Rivanna River Regatta. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway Hillsdale Drive Extended – Line Drive is closed at Zan Road for construction of a roundabout. Motorists advised to follow posted detour. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Lifshitz & Miller LLP Files Class Action Lawsuit against Live Ventures Incorporated Next PostNext Huntsman Announces Public Filing of Registration Statement for Proposed Initial Public Offering of Venator Materials Search Recent Posts Medical Groups Join Forces to Improve Cardiac Imaging Use in Children Cellcom Israel Ltd. Announces Sale Of Holdings In Indirect Subsidiary Online Fashion E-Retailer Upgrades Payment System, Ensuring Convenience and Security Medical Groups Join Forces to Improve Cardiac Imaging Use in Children Online Fashion E-Retailer Upgrades Payment System, Ensuring Convenience and Security RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Unlock the Secret Deals You Didn't Know Existed Home | Street Talk Tags: Healthcare Reform | Trump Administration | warren buffett | republican | health | care | billionaires Buffett: GOP Health Plan 'Huge Tax Cut' for Wealthy (Getty Images/Paul Morigi) Saturday, 06 May 2017 06:00 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    The health care bill approved by House Republicans this week with the support of President Donald Trump will aid the wealthiest Americans at the expense of everyone else and likely drive up the budget deficit, billionaire Warren Buffett said. “It is a huge tax cut for guys like me,” Buffett said Saturday at the annual meeting of his Berkshire Hathaway Inc. in Omaha, Nebraska. “And when there’s a tax cut, either the deficit goes up or they get the taxes from somebody else.” At the same time, Buffett said health care costs, which in recent decades have risen much more in the U.S. as a percentage of the economy than in other countries, put the nation at a competitive disadvantage. The House on May 4 narrowly passed a bill to repeal and replace the Affordable Care Act, former President Barack Obama’s signature health care law. Action now shifts to the Senate, which is expected to write its own legislation. Asked about the House bill, Buffett said, “All I can tell you is the net effect of that act on one person, is that my federal income tax would have gone down 17 percent last year if what was proposed went into effect.” A feature of the House plan was to repeal added taxes on payroll and investmentincome for high earners. Those levies helped fund Obamacare’s expansion ofhealth insurance for poor Americans. ‘Tapeworm’ of Competitiveness If that provision becomes law, “anybody with $250,000 a year of adjusted gross income and a lot of investment income is going to have a huge tax cut,” said Buffett, 86, the world’s fourth-richest man. Buffett said that medical costs “are the tapeworm of American economic competitiveness,” and have risen much faster in the U.S. than in the rest of the world: to 17 percent of gross domestic product from 5 percent in 1960 or thereabouts. Health care costs in other countries are now 10 percent or 11 percent of GDP, even though the ratios were on par with the U.S. decades ago, he said. “So they have gained a 5- or 6-point advantage.” “When you talk about world competitiveness in business, it’s the single biggest variable,” Buffett said. Among other things, it puts U.S. manufacturers “at a huge disadvantage” at a time the Trump administration is attempting to revive the factory sector. Berkshire Vice Chairman Charles Munger, 93, chipped into the debate by noting that “there’s too much chemotherapy on people who are all but dead.” Many doctors and hospitals, he said, “are feasting on a dying person like jackals.” Related Stories: Buffett Dumps Wal-Mart Stock, Builds Airline and Apple Bets Buffett's Shrinking Wal-Mart Stake Signals Amazon Holiday Threat WSJ: Buffett's Berkshire Pressed to Disclose Political Spending  © Copyright 2017 Bloomberg News. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Economy The healthcare bill approved by House Republicans this week with the support of President Donald Trump will aid the wealthy at the expense of everyone else, billionaire Warren Buffett said. warren buffett, republican, health, care, billionaires, trump 425 Saturday, 06 May 2017 06:00 PM 2017-00-06 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Trump Sparks Fears of Tax War Against China, Other Countries Wednesday, 03 May 2017 | 86 comments So, the United States doesn't have the right for a good Deal or Prosperity... David Stockman: Trump's Tax Plan Is 'Dead on Arrival' Monday, 01 May 2017 | 75 comments '"It's a wonderful fantasy, he said of Trumps tax proposal. But there's no... Trump Open to Raising Gas Tax and Negotiating Tax Overhaul Plan Monday, 01 May 2017 | 39 comments This is a very good idea from Trump. Good for the fiscal deficit; good for... Trump Says He's Considering Moves to Break Up Wall Street Banks Monday, 01 May 2017 | 40 comments Let's do it!... Bernanke: GOP Making Bad Sell on Border Adjustment Tax Monday, 01 May 2017 | 10 comments Bernanke is correct about one thing it was never about trade.*Does anyone... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Welcome! Company Site Log In Subscribe Register Membership Home Portfolio Stocks Bonds Funds ETFs CEFs Markets Tools Real Life Finance Discuss Investing Ideas Fund Analyst Picks Picks by Category Fund Pick Performance Picks & Pans E-Newsletter Fund Spy Column Fund Spy Book Bond Squad Fund Video Reports FundInvestor Newsletter ETF Investing Fund Family Experts Fund Reports All Fund Analyst Reports Fund Stewardship Reports Fund Ratings Highest-Rated Value Highest-Rated Growth Highest-Rated Large-Cap Highest-Rated Mid-Cap Highest-Rated Small-Cap Foreign Fund Standouts Star Rating Performance Rating Methodology Fund Performance Top 1-Month Performers Top YTD Performers Top 1-Year Performers Top 3-Year Performers Top 5-Year Performers Fund Category Returns Biggest Daily NAV Changes Closed-End Funds Exchange-Traded Funds Quarterly Market Outlook Fund Screeners Basic Screeners Fund Screener Long-Term Winners Solid Small-Growth Funds Conservative Bond Funds Premium Screeners Premium Fund Screener Index Funds Hidden Gems Lower-Risk Foreign Funds Video Center Investing Specialists Morningstar Runs the Numbers We take a numerical look through this week's Morningstar research. Plus, our most popular articles and videos for the week ended May 5. PrintCommentRecommend (-) By Morningstar.com | 05-06-17 | 05:00 AM | Email Article Inspired by Harper's Index (with a tip of the hat to FiveThirtyEight's Significant Digits blog), Morningstar Runs the Numbers uses a numbers-based approach to highlight recent Morningstar research, along with some outside news stories. About the Author Morningstar.com offers coverage of 950 stocks, 1,150 mutual funds, and 300 ETFs, plus market news, economic analysis, portfolio-planning insights, and investment commentary. Contact Author | Meet other investing specialists 50.8 million Apple reported sales of 50.8 million iPhones in its second quarter. Overall, the company reported solid fiscal results and provided investors with a third-quarter forecast that was relatively in line with director of technology, media, and telecom equity research Brian Colello's expectations, and points to decent ongoing demand for Apple's products and services. /p> "Services revenue grew nicely, which we think still bodes well for customer stickiness around the iOS ecosystem, which is the backbone of our narrow moat rating for the firm. Further, Apple issued a healthy raise to its capital return program, boosting its quarterly dividend by 10.5% and adding $35 billion to its share repurchase authorization. We will maintain our $138 fair value estimate for Apple and shares appear fairly valued today." 211,000 The Labor Department said the United States added 211,000 jobs in April, ahead of expectations. The unemployment rate also inched down to 4.4%, the lowest rate in a decade. Despite the cheery headline number, director of economic analysis Bob Johnson views the report as mixed, though he says we in "very stable territory." 10 Value stocks have underperformed their growth counterparts over the past 10 years, though not by nearly the same margin as they did during the tech bubble: Over the trailing 10 years ended April 30, the Morningstar US Growth Index has outpaced its Value counterpart by over 3 percentage points. This invites the question, are there bargains to be found? "We examined the nearly 500 constituents of the Morningstar US Value Index. First we removed companies that our analysts do not cover. Then we focused only on firms that have economic moats of wide or narrow, which means our analysts think the company has a durable competitive advantage that will allow it maintain its profitability over the long term. (This step helps avoid value traps.) Finally, we sorted the stocks that passed our screen by lowest and highest price/fair value to find the 10 cheapest value stocks, and the 10 most expensive." 4 The threats to bottom-up active equity management are real, and it is the rare stock-fund jockey who has not at least attempted to harness technology to refine and streamline his investment process, says Dan Culloton, director of equity strategies for Morningstar's manager research group. But there remain managers whose main competitive advantage is still good, old-fashioned research and stock-picking. Culloton gives four examples of medalist-rated funds that have been successful with plying a decidedly low-tech active management approach. $250 billion Speaking of Apple, Dow Jones reported ahead of the company's earnings release that its stockpile of cash has likely topped a quarter of a trillion dollars. What's more, the company has doubled its cash pile in just over 4 1/2 years; in the last three months of 2016, it racked up new cash at a rate of about $3.6 million an hour, Dow Jones said. "[This is] an unrivaled corporate hoard that is greater than the market value of both Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and Procter & Gamble Co. and exceeds the combined foreign-currency reserves held by the U.K. and Canada combined." 4X The Securities and Exchange Commission this week approved a request to list ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Long Fund (proposed ticker UP), and ForceShares Daily 4X US Market Futures Short Fund (proposed ticker DOWN). As you probably inferred from its name, the long fund is designed to deliver 400% of the daily performance of S&P 500 stock index futures, while the short fund will aim to deliver four times the inverse daily return. Many market participants expressed concern that these risky instruments could cause investors to lose money very rapidly; one trader interviewed by CNBC called them "market crack." "This is an innovation for people who are going to run the game, sit behind the table and deal the cards, and it's going to be a really bad innovation for those who think they can buy it and juice up some of their returns," said Sal Arnuk, a principal at Themis Trading. "This is market crack, and it concerns me." -0.42, -0.01 Finally, director of manager research Russ Kinnel tweeted this interesting observation:  Most Popular Articles, Videos, and Securities Most Popular Articles  10 Solid Value Stocks at Great Prices (and 10 to Pass Up) Funds That Buy Like Buffett, 2017 How Much Cash Do You Really Need? 10 Funds That Beat the Market Over 15 Years Jack Bogle: It's Easier to Serve One Master Than Two Most Popular Videos   A Buffett-Like Small-Company Fund on Our Radar Why Active Bond Managers Are Succeeding Service Complaints Aside, Investors See Value at Vanguard Tail Risks That Keep a Bond Manager Up at Night As Retirement Nears, Customize Your Plan Most Requested Stock Quotes Apple Amazon Berkshire Hathaway Facebook AT&T  Most Requested Stock Analyses Cameco Apple Vornado Realty Trust Amazon.com Hanesbrands Most Requested Fund Quotes Vanguard 500 Index Fidelity Contrafund Vanguard Dividend Growth Dodge & Cox Stock Vanguard Total Stock Market Index    Most Requested Fund Analyses Vanguard High-Yield Tax-Exempt Fidelity New Markets Income T. Rowe Price High Yield Fidelity Contrafund PRIMECAP Odyssey Growth Most Requested ETF Quotes SPDR S&P 500 ETF Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF PowerShares QQQ ETF Vanguard S&P 500 ETF Vanguard REIT ETF  Most Requested ETF Analyses Vanguard Total Stock Market ETF Vanguard Dividend Appreciation ETF Vanguard FTSE Emerging Markets ETF Vanguard High Dividend Yield ETF Vanguard REIT ETF Return to Discuss Securities mentioned in this article Ticker Price($) Change(%) Morningstar Rating Morningstar Analyst Report With Morningstar Analyst reports you can get our expert Buy/Sell opinions on over 3,900 Stock and Funds Morningstar.com does not own shares in any of the securities mentioned above. Find out about Morningstar's editorial policies. Video Reports Weekly Wrap: Apple Looks to New... More Videos... Most Popular Related News Also in Investing Specialists Under the Surface, a Ho-Hum April for EmploymentHow Much Cash Do You Really Need?First-Quarter GDP Curse Continues Sponsored Links Sponsor Center Please Wait... 806821 USA_FNMIX,USA_FCNTX,USA_PRHYX,USA_VWAHX,USA_VTI,USA_AMZN,USA_VNO,USA_AAPL,USA_HBI,USA_CCJ,USA_VNQ,USA_VWO,USA_VIG,USA_POGRX,USA_VYM FO_USA_FNMIX FO_USA_FCNTX FO_USA_PRHYX FO_USA_VWAHX FE_USA_VTI E0_USA_AMZN E0_USA_VNO E0_USA_AAPL E0_USA_HBI E0_USA_CCJ FE_USA_VNQ FE_USA_VWO FE_USA_VIG FO_USA_POGRX FE_USA_VYM &primaryKeyword= 2 {CommentWebService} Content Partners Site Directory Site Map Our Products Corrections Help Advertising Opportunities Licensing Opportunities Glossary RSS Mobile Portfolio Affiliate Careers Company News International Sites: Australia Canada China France Germany Hong Kong Italy The Netherlands Norway Spain U.K. Switzerland India Finland Stocks by: Name| Ticker| Star Rating| Market Cap| Stock Type| Sector| Industry Mutual Funds by: Star Rating| Investment Style| Total Assets| Category| Top Holdings| Top Sectors| Symbol / Ticker| Name ETFs by: Star Rating| Category| Total Assets| Symbol / Ticker| Name Articles by: Title| Date| Author| Collection| Interest| Popularity Investment Categories by: Topic| Sector| Key Indicators| User Interest| Market Cap| Industry Premium Stocks by: Name| Ticker| Star Rating| Market Cap| Stock Type| Sector| Industry Premium Mutual Funds by: Star Rating| Investment Style| Total Assets| Category| Top Holdings| Top Sectors| Symbol / Ticker| Name Premium ETFs by: Star Rating| Category| Total Assets| Symbol / Ticker| Name Popular Articles by: Title| Date| Author| Collection| Interest| Popularity Popular Investment Categories by: Topic| Sector| Key Indicators| User Interest| Market Cap| Industry Independent. Insightful. Trusted. Morningstar provides stock market analysis; equity, mutual fund, and ETF research, ratings, and picks; portfolio tools; and option, hedge fund, IRA, 401k, and 529 plan research. Our reliable data and analysis can help both experienced enthusiasts and newcomers. © Copyright 2017 Morningstar, Inc. All rights reserved. Please read our Terms of Useand Privacy Policy.Dow Jones Industrial Average, S&P 500, Nasdaq, and Morningstar Index (Market Barometer) quotes are real-time.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 5:37pm Sun 7 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox YouTube to take on Netflix by offering 40 original shows 5:17 PM Saturday May 6, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Internet Movies Television YouTube Some of the shows will be supported through advertising on videos just like normal YouTube content. Photo / AP YouTube has announced an ambitious plan to create 40 new star-studded TV shows to compete with the likes of Netflix. The new set of shows includes a roster of homegrown YouTube stars as well as a host of A-list celebrities including Kevin Hart and Katy Perry. But the Google-owned video site offers something that the likes of Netflix and Amazon can't: It can release the new shows for free. Some of the shows will be supported through advertising on videos just like normal YouTube content. This means that users could see high quality, star studded shows cropping up on YouTube for free. "Starting in 2016, we made the decision to take YouTube to the next level," YouTube said in an official blog post. "We began making premium original content for our subscription service, YouTube Red, releasing 30 series and movies in just over a year." Most of these new shows will be created by YouTube regulars rather than mainstream celebrities. On top of the 30 series available only through YouTube Red, which costs around $10 per month, the site will offer half a dozen new shows through its standard free service. Last night, at the video giant's BrandCast event in New York, YouTube chief business officer Robert Kyncl announced that celebrities such as Ellen DeGeneres, Demi Lovato and Kevin Hart are creating shows for the platform. On stage at New York's Javits Center, Hart revealed he is creating a series called Laugh Out Loud. Continued below. Related Content Pork Pie in hot pursuit of international markets after zooming into Australian cinemas House of Cards: Season five coming on May 30 Australian citizenship changes breach good faith, Labour leader Andrew Little says The show will give future comedians and actors a chance to create their own content and comedy. Speaking during the event, Hart said he's also creating a fitness show called What the Fit. New show Katy Perry Live Special will "take you inside of her world", a live listen-along to the pop star's new album. And talk show host Ellen DeGeneres will host a twice-a-week series that gives fans behind the scenes access to some of the biggest stars and her favourite moments. The new shows come as part of YouTube's push to repair their reputation after a scandal in March revealed that adverts for big brands were appearing on controversial videos. Advertisers began to flee YouTube after The Times and other media outlets found evidence that their brands were appearing alongside clips promoting terrorism and racism. The findings alerted advertisers that YouTube didn't have adequate technology or staffing to shield brands from some of the appalling material. At one point, about 250 advertisers were boycotting YouTube. The list included big-spending marketers such as PepsiCo, Wal-Mart Stores, Starbucks, AT&T, Verizon, Johnson & Johnson, and Volkswagen. During her opening remarks last night, YouTube CEO Susan Wojcicki apologised to the hundreds of marketers in the audience. "We apologise for letting some of you down," she said. "Thank you for helping us become a stronger and better platform." - NZ Herald Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Man loses home, belongings in fire A Far North man has lost everything he owned in a house fire at a remote location Hawke's Bay Today Laura Vodanovich: Old Napier Cemetery tours up for award MTG Hawke's Bay is a finalist in the Service IQ 2017 New Zealand Museum Awards. Bay of Plenty Times Katikati celebrates SH2 bypass with party A large party was held by the Katikati community in honour of a bypass being announced… Our Features' Top Stories Driven Me & My Car: Step up from a banger Tristram Clayton, presenter, NZ Herald Focus. Viva Sunday baking: Green tea and orange scones Have high tea at home with these tasty green tea and orange scones True Commercial Bendon store is an entry-level rarity An Auckland property, home of a Bendon outlet store, a rare ‘entry level’ investment. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf04 at 07 May 2017 19:01:01 Processing Time: 12ms
