null
CLOSE Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory E-Edition Weather Subscribe Contact Us Free Time Local Directory Magazines Buy Photos Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory On the Record Police, Fire – March 4 By Staff Reports - 3/4/17 1:08 AM Franklin Greenwood Thefts Budget Truck Rental, 794 U.S. 31 North: Police responded at 9:42 a.m. Thursday to a theft report. Walmart, 1133 N. Emerson Avenue: Police responded at 12:24 p.m. Thursday to a report of theft. 1100 block of Bexley Drive: Police responded at 4:35 p.m. Thursday to a report of theft. Counterfeiting Rally’s, 839 U.S. 31 North: Police responded at 10:25 p.m. Thursday to a report of counterfeiting. Criminal mischief 1200 block of Stonehedge Drive E.: Police responded at 12:45 p.m. Thursday to a report of criminal mischief. Shoplifting Walmart, 1133 N. Emerson Avenue: A loss prevention officer reported at 2:28 p.m. Thursday that a man attempted to switch the tags on two types of pillows. He was issued a summons to appear in court. Personal-injury accident 4:20 a.m. Wednesday — State Road 135S., and Smokey Row Road. Justin Akridge, 18, Greenwood and Jack McMahon, 59, Franklin. McMahon reported fracture/dislocated knee/foot. Akridge reported full body pain. Property-damage accidents 7:08 p.m. Tuesday — Main Street and Love Avenue. 6 p.m. Tuesday — County Line Road and Emerson Avenue. 5:14 p.m. Tuesday — State Road 135S., and Demaree Road. 4:45 p.m. Tuesday — State Road 135N., and Santa Maria Drive. 10:40 a.m. Thursday — State Road 135N., and Eau Claire Drive. 10 a.m. Tuesday — Madison Avenue and Main Street. Johnson County Battery 2000 block of Horizon Boulevard, Greenwood: A woman reported at 10:22 p.m. Thursday that a relative hit her. Whiteland Fire 2900 Underwood Court: Firefighters responded at 10:19 a.m. to a report of a fire in an electrical outlet that burned several chairs in a garage. Jail bookings The following people recently were arrested and booked into the Johnson County jail: Ariel Michelle McFarland, 27, 8103 N. Burbrink Drive, Columbus; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; released on $300 bond. Kevin Ray Gray, 32, 740 E. Sumner Ave., Indianapolis; arrested on a charge of bond forfeiture and a warrant for failure to appear in court; held without bond. Carter Lee Dickerson Jr., 44, 320 E. Old Plank Road, Bargersville; arrested on a charge of operating a vehicle as a habitual offender; held without bond. Sabyl Louise Smith, 29, 461 E. Fruitdale Road, Morgantown; arrested on warrants for failure to appear in court; held on $3,000 bond. Sherman Harold Parks Jr., 27, 25 E. LeGrande Ave., Indianapolis; arrested on a charge of possession of cocaine/narcotics/methephetamine; held on $2,400 bond. Richard K. Struchen, 62, 103 S. Holland St., Edinburgh; arrested on a charge of invasion of privacy; held on $1,000 bond. Angela Marie Martinez, 37, 2361 Ralston Ave., Indianapolis; arrested on warrants for failure to appear in court; held on $750 bond. Sarah Kay Miller, 30, 1749 Nantucket Drive, Cicero; arrested on a charge of probation revocation; held without bond. Amber Rebecca Wentworth, 25, homeless; arrested on a charge of probation revocation; held on $500 bond. Matthew C. Bauman, 33, 1254 Stonehedge E. Drive, Apt. E, Greenwood; arrested on a charge of possession of child pornography; held on $16,500 bond. Ian Blaise Martini, 20, 4304 Teakwood Lane, Greenwood; arrested on warrants for failure to appear in court; held on $1,500 bond. Timothy Alan Deaton, 35, 2069 Horizon Blvd., Greenwood; arrested on a charge of domestic battery; held on $2,000 bond. Kameko D. Fowler, 39, 47 Mooreland Drive, New Whiteland; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; released on $500 bond. Sarah M. Philpott, 32, 224 Home Ave., Greenwood; arrested on charges of possession of methamphetamine, possession of paraphernalia and possession of marijuana/hashish; held on $3,200 bond. The following people recently were arrested on charges of driving while intoxicated and booked into jail: Christopher A. Derossett, 33, 2227 Village Crossing Drive W., Apt. E, Greenwood; held on $1,000 bond. James Bruce Reagan, 53, 1200 N. Lakeview Circle, Apt. D, Franklin; also arrested on a charge of resisting an officer; held on $2,000 bond. STAY CONNECTED 11,883FansLike 3,643FollowersFollow ABOUT USNobody covers Johnson county and the surrounding areas like Daily Journal. Contact us: editorial@dailyjournal.net FOLLOW US © 2017 Daily Journal unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Part of the AIM Media network
Tuesday, March 7th, 2017 JOBS WHEELS HOMES CLASSIFIEDS Home News News Local National Business & Tech Education Shale Sheet Health & Home Valley Grows Politics Religion Society Travel Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Weather Digital Edition Sports Local & Regional National Blitz Greatest Golfer Phantoms YSU Entertainment Entertainment News Valley24 Valley Food Movie Listings Entertaining Thoughts Events Submit an Event Neighbors Austintown Boardman Canfield Poland Opinion Opinion Opinion Columns Bertram de Souza David Skolnick Ernie Brown Todd Franko How We See It Years Ago Letters Staff Blogs All Blogs Your Newspaper Community Blogs Brainfood from the Heartland Burgers Drinks Records Records Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Out of town Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages/Bridal Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Community Events Submit an Event Newspapers in Education Library Channel Search Registered Users Communicate Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Feedback Comments Contact Executive Team Interactive Media Newsroom Reporters Newsroom Clerks Art/Photo Features   Tributes National Columnists Opinion Society Sports Circulation Advertising Media Latest Media Videos Photo Galleries Vindy Talk Radio Classifieds Search Browse Classifieds vindyJobs vindyWheels vindyHomes Submit Place an Ad Post a Job Sell a Car Subscribers Subscriber Tools Digital Edition Print Edition Newsletters reset signup - Advertisement - News Watch Trending Sticky: Watch live Tuesday the Meat 16 Burger Champi... Sticky: Getting Your Lenten Fish Fix | Where To Go Do you want to weigh in on Youngstown amphit... 10:55 p.m. Mon Ex-cop wins Lordstown-built Chevy Cruze at C... 10:55 p.m. Mon Brookfield residents against 2 proposed inje... 10:55 p.m. Mon White House denounces North Korea missile tests 10:48 p.m. Mon Pennsylvania auditor general says legal pot ... 10:09 p.m. Mon all posts   Browse | Submit a Resume | Post a Job - Advertisement -   « News Home Police activity in Canfield and Austintown | Print Tweet Published: Fri, March 3, 2017 @ 7:43 p.m. A summary of police activity in Canfield and Austintown: CANFIELD Feb. 21 Theft: Police arrested Brandon Ferrier, 20, of Stoneybrook Lane, on a charge of theft after a report to police he made unauthorized credit card charges at a home in the 600 block of Herbert Road. Business fraud: Police again arrested Ferrier on a second charge of theft after a report of potential fraud related to business accounts on Herbert Road. AUSTINTOWN Feb. 20 Theft: Police issued a summons to Shana Starks, 32, of Lake Drive, Youngstown, on a theft charge. Police accuse her of taking $600 in merchandise from JCPenney, 6000 Mahoning Ave. She was turned over to Trumbull County Sheriff’s Office on a warrant for a larceny charge in Liberty. Theft: A man fled with clothing from JCPenney. Weapons offense: A vehicle was damaged from gunfire at Bill’s Place, 4771 Mahoning Ave. Arrest: Police arrested Peter Harasyn, 37,of Forest Hill Drive on a charge of domestic violence. Feb. 21 Theft: A theft occurred at Walmart, 6001 Mahoning Ave. Felonious assault: A brick was thrown at a person and vehicle at Get Go, 5163 Mahoning Ave. Recovered property: Suspected narcotics were recovered at Briarfield Manor, 461 S. Canfield-Niles Road. Passing bad checks: A $1,000 check was passed at Emilio’s Drive Thru, 1255 S. Raccoon Road. Theft: Police arrested Karrie Kascack, 28, of Sugar Pine Drive, Warren, for a theft at Walmart. Feb. 22 Theft: Police arrested Brittany Turner, 29, of East Florida Avenue, Youngstown, on a theft charge. Police accuse her of taking $40.61 in merchandise from Walmart. Recovered stolen property: A stolen mini bike was towed from Ferdinand and South Meridian roads. Burglary: A television was taken from an apartment where a door was left unlocked in the 30 block of South Main Street. Feb. 23 Auto theft: A 2003 Jaguar was stolen from a home in the 5000 block of South Saratoga Avenue. Warrant: Police arrested Alexander Barber, 26, of West Boulevard, Boardman, on a warrant for domestic violence. Theft: Police issued a summons to Nina Valorie, 25, of North Whitney Avenue, Youngstown, on a theft charge. Police accuse her of taking $131.29 in merchandise from Walmart. Warrant: Police arrested Phillisa Patton, 27, of West Indianola Avenue, Youngstown, on a warrant for possession of cocaine and drug paraphernalia. Disturbance: A male claimed to have been assaulted at a home in the 6000 block of Ruby Court. Feb. 24 Breaking and entering: A fenced-in area was entered and tires and rims stolen off a Ford F-150 pickup truck at Bud Brothers,168 S. Meridian Road. Warrant: Police arrested Cassie Ramsey, 26, of South Roanoke Avenue, on a warrant for theft in excess of $3,600 in merchandise over a period of several weeks as an employee at Walmart. Identity theft: An account was opened fraudulently involving a person who lives at a home in the 10 block of Kleber Avenue. Drug offense: Police issued a summons to Roscoe Burkes, 47, of New Road on a charge of possession of marijuana. Drug offense: Police issued a summons to Matthew Whittenberger, 18, of Lake Wobegon Drive, Canfield, on a charge of possession of marijuana. Feb. 25 Criminal damaging: Four car tires were flattened at Austintown Fitch High School, 4560 Falcon Drive. Theft: Police issued a summons to Brendan O’Rourke, 26, of Berkshire Drive, Youngstown, on a theft charge. Police accuse him of taking $7.68 in food from Sheetz, 5499 Mahoning Ave. Burglary: Cash and a credit card were taken from a car parked in a garage at a home in the 3000 block of 42nd Street. Both the car and garage were unlocked. Disturbance: A victim reported being assaulted by a bartender at Magilla’s, 255 S. Four Mile Run Road. Theft: A front license plate was stolen from a vehicle parked at a home in the 100 block of North Main Street. Theft: Police issued a summons Barbara Miller, 36, of Athens Drive, Warren, on a theft charge. Police accuse her of taking $29.78 in merchandise from Walmart. Feb. 26 Theft: A bike was stolen from New Leaf, 4498 Warwick South. Drug offense: Police issued a summons to Michael Crytzer, 18, of Eigen Street on a charge of possession of marijuana. Other stories of interest Man flees cops, runs into door, gun falls out Woman who called 911 ends up behind bars Suspect in shooting, robbery, arraigned Woman sought in downtown bank robbery Don't Miss a Story Sign up for our newsletter to receive daily news directly in your inbox. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. News Digital Edition Local & Regional National & World Business & Tech Fracking PR Newswire Politics Government Watch Society Education Valley Food Outdoors Vindy Talk Radio Health & Home Religion Travel Weather Oakhill Newsletters Opinion Opinion How We See It Letters Bertram de Souza Todd Franko David Skolnick Ernie Brown Louie Free Years Ago Submit a letter Entertainment Entertainment News Entertaining Thoughts Valley24 Movie Listings Sports Local Blitz High School Football High School Basketball Greatest Golfer Jason Kokrak YSU Sports Phantoms Kelly Pavlik National Sports Outdoor News Services Advertise ValleyDeals365 Valley Digital Services Classifieds Place Ad Browse Classifieds VindyJobs VindyWheels VindyHomes Records Search Stories Deaths Tributes/Obituaries Births Birthdays Engagements Marriages Anniversaries Valley Weddings 365 Digital Edition Archive Discussions Talk of the Valley Local Sports Politics Outdoors Story Discussions Feedback Community Newspapers in Education Events Submit an Event Search Users Help Contact Us / Feedback Staff Directory Terms of Use Privacy Statement Contest Rules Forms Anniversary Birthday Engagement Wedding Club News Food Sales Out of town births Reunions Worth a look Neighbors Austintown News Boardman News Canfield News Poland News Home • Terms of Use • Privacy Statement • Advertise • Staff Directory • Help © 2017 Vindy.com. All rights reserved. A service of The Vindicator. 107 Vindicator Square. Youngstown, OH 44503 Phone Main: 330.747.1471 • Interactive Advertising: 330.740.2955 • Classified Advertising: 330.746.6565 Sponsored Links: Vindy Wheels | Vindy Jobs | Vindy Homes
null
Vanity Fair hive business technology politics vf summit hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Magazine Search Celebrity Fashion Beauty Royals Celebrity Side Hustles Patti Labelle on Her Second Life as a Celebrity Cook Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER Celebrity Side Hustles Patti Labelle on Her Second Life as a Celebrity Cook “I just make good stuff and now everything is doing well.” by Kenzie BryantMarch 3, 2017 5:25 pm Email Facebook Twitter Patti LaBelle attends the Grand Tasting presented by Food & Wine at Pier 94, New York City, October 18, 2015. By Neilson Barnard/Getty Images. Welcome to Celebrity Side Hustles, where our most beloved stars explain how their passion projects led to second careers. Like many of our living legends, Patti Labelle’s career is full of second or third or fourth acts. In the past three years, she’s appeared on American Horror Story and Empire, and done the requisite turns on reality-television competitions, including a Dancing with the Stars stint and one on The Voice. All this on top of weekly performances and working on an album, Bel Hommage, which comes out this May. Amid all the upkeep of Patti Labelle, legendary singer, Patti Labelle, celebrity chef, has emerged fully formed, too. Labelle has been cooking. Oh, how she’s been cooking. She had a show on the Cooking Channel called Patti Labelle’s Place, which welcomed Carla Hall, 50 Cent, and Whoopi Goldberg into its kitchen. She’s published a handful of cookbooks, including a dessert-focused one that’s coming out in April. She’s disseminated her favorite desserts at Walmart, through a line called Patti’s Good Life, so every Thanksgiving table can include a piece of Patti. Her life as a crossover artist is mostly an accident, she insists. “Every time that someone had Patti’s desserts, they’d say, ‘Girl, you should write a cookbook, or you should do a show, you should, you should, you should,’” Labelle, known far and wide as Ms. Patti, told Vanity Fair on a recent phone call. “So it was something that I think was meant to be. I didn’t force it. Neither did I force any of the recipes. I just make good stuff, and now everything is doing well.’” As is Walmart’s wont, the chain was crucial in getting Labelle’s creations onto every kitchen table in America. She just dropped a banana-pudding recipe early this year, and there are a couple different fruit cobblers and cakes. The crown jewel of the bunch is the sweet-potato pie that sells for $3.98. As she tells it, back in fall 2015 when the pies first landed at the big-box store, they were selling just fine. Then a YouTube personality by the name of James Wright made a video that’s better seen than described: It got over 5 million views. Walmart’s bakeries were picked clean, and the desserts even showed up on the resale market. Two years later, you can still buy Patti’s Good Life sweet-potato pies and cobblers on eBay. It’ll cost you $10 to $25 more than the in-store price, but eBay delivers them; Walmart doesn’t. Patti doesn’t come to you; you go to Patti. Labelle was nothing but appreciative of his ringing endorsement and the sales bump that followed. “You know he was such a blessing,” she said, noting that she and Wright have kept in touch; they went on a couple talk shows together, and he’s been to her Philadelphia home for Thanksgiving. But Ms. Patti knows you can’t manufacture these kinds of moments. Ms. Patti understands that viral marketing is best kept a onetime gig. “He’s tried the peach cobbler and everything, but I said, ‘Don’t make a move. Don’t do anything like that because people will think she asked him again,’ ” she said. “He’s had them all, he loves them, but I said, ‘You better not get online or whatever y’all do.’ ” Labelle’s first cookbook, LaBelle Cuisine: Recipes to Sing About, came out nearly 20 years ago, but the singer’s kitchen lore stretches all the way back to Labelle, her original 60s girl group. She made dinner for Elton John when he still went by Reggie Dwight and was the pianist for Bluesology, Labelle’s backup band when they were touring in the U.K. She said they played cards pretty often, and of course she would always win and take the band’s money, so she had to cook for Elton/Reg. He went home with her tupperware once, and she remembers “there was always something about Ms. Patti getting her tupperware back. Eventually, he gave me a diamond ring, and I called it quits.” That seems fair. Then there was the time she cooked for Mick Jagger and the Rolling Stones. “They were going to Philadelphia at the Spectrum and they wanted me to make some food for them, so I said, ‘What do you want?’ They said, ‘Anything you think is good, we’ll eat it.’ So I just decided to make everything that I know is great. They had brisket, short ribs, fresh corn off the cob, cabbage, salted chicken.” She had two requests: first was that “when they send their big truck to pick up their food, put ‘Patti Labelle made this.’ You know they have catering food, and I didn’t want my food to get mixed in with the caterers.” And second that they “share it with [their tourmates] Living Colour.” The best story of them all was her week at Paisley Park with Prince, when they were recording Be Yourself. As she remembered it: When I recorded with him, I think I might have been there for a week, and he made the week feel like Christmas. He had his studio there that they design clothes for him in Paisley Park, and he had me go up, and they made me three outfits. He gave a little party for me at a disco and we danced, did the disco bunny hop. He took me to his house to cook for him, and he was shooting pool as I was cooking, and when everything was done, I said, ‘Dinner's ready!’ He said, ‘Oh, I just want a roll.’ In Labelle’s world, whom she’s cooking for—be it Oprah or Prince or Wright or any Walmart shopper at attention—is just as important as the food. And this second career emerged around the same time she was diagnosed as a diabetic (or she likes to call herself a “diva-betic”). “When people ask me about certain things, like why am I doing this dessert book or making this banana pudding, it’s because I love to see people’s faces after they taste my great desserts,” she said. “And I’m making these for them. You know Patti Labelle is not eating all the things that she sells at Walmart, but of course I have to taste everything to make sure it’s right. It’s been in my blood, and I think that’s the way it’s going to end up.” Full ScreenPhotos: 1/12The Best 2017 Oscar After-Party Transformations EMMA STONE IN GIVENCHY HAUTE COUTURE AND GIVENCHY Emma Stone went from her gold whimsical gown to a very cool, youthful polka-dotted blazer (replete with blue A.C.L.U. pin).Photo: From Getty Images. RUTH NEGGA IN VALENTINO AND OSCAR DE LA RENTA Negga stunned on the Oscar red carpet in a red gown (with accompanying red headband); for the party, she switched into a short patterned look.Photo: From Getty Images. ALICIA VIKANDER IN LOUIS VUITTON (BOTH) Vikander’s two dresses have a similar, textured quality. The first, a dark blue; the second, a turquoise number with a slit.Photo: From Getty Images. DAKOTA JOHNSON IN GUCCI (BOTH) Johnson’s Oscars dress was a bit of a departure for the actress, moody and almost artsy. Her party dress? Still a bit quirky, but with a less staid feel.Photo: From Getty Images. KARLIE KLOSS IN MARCHESA AND NAEEM KHAN The supermodel went from white (reminiscent of the white Tom Ford dress Gwyneth Paltrow wore several years ago) to a red, sultry look.Photo: From Getty Images. HAILEE STEINFELD IN RALPH & RUSSO (BOTH) Steinfeld’s two dresses look like they could be cousins of one another—both sparkly and shimmery and elegant.Photo: From Getty Images. ISABELLE HUPPERT IN ARMANI Huppert’s two dresses—both, fittingly, sophisticated and fierce at once—have a very similar energy.Photo: From Getty Images. PreviousNext EMMA STONE IN GIVENCHY HAUTE COUTURE AND GIVENCHY Emma Stone went from her gold whimsical gown to a very cool, youthful polka-dotted blazer (replete with blue A.C.L.U. pin). From Getty Images. RUTH NEGGA IN VALENTINO AND OSCAR DE LA RENTA Negga stunned on the Oscar red carpet in a red gown (with accompanying red headband); for the party, she switched into a short patterned look. From Getty Images. ALICIA VIKANDER IN LOUIS VUITTON (BOTH) Vikander’s two dresses have a similar, textured quality. The first, a dark blue; the second, a turquoise number with a slit. From Getty Images. DAKOTA JOHNSON IN GUCCI (BOTH) Johnson’s Oscars dress was a bit of a departure for the actress, moody and almost artsy. Her party dress? Still a bit quirky, but with a less staid feel. From Getty Images. VIOLA DAVIS IN ARMANI PRIVÉ AND BRANDON MAXWELL Both of Davis’s looks were extremely sharp and showcased her penchant for bold colors: a bright, stunning red dress and then a white pantsuit for the party. Both from Getty Images. SCARLETT JOHANSSON IN ALAÏA (BOTH) The actress switched from a floral, springtime-y look to a dark, elegant and chic one. From Getty Images. NAOMIE HARRIS IN CALVIN KLEIN Harris’s Oscar dress was modern and chic (and those yellow shoes!). For the after-party, she went with a Grecian-y white gown. From Getty Images. JESSICA BIEL IN KAUFMANFRANCO AND RALPH LAUREN Biel shifted from a full-body gold, skintight look to a very geometric, cape-like look (same slicked-back hair, though!). From Getty Images. HALLE BERRY IN VERSACE (BOTH) Berry’s Oscar gown was floor length, but for the after-party she went with a shining minidress. From Getty Images. KARLIE KLOSS IN MARCHESA AND NAEEM KHAN The supermodel went from white (reminiscent of the white Tom Ford dress Gwyneth Paltrow wore several years ago) to a red, sultry look. From Getty Images. HAILEE STEINFELD IN RALPH & RUSSO (BOTH) Steinfeld’s two dresses look like they could be cousins of one another—both sparkly and shimmery and elegant. From Getty Images. ISABELLE HUPPERT IN ARMANI Huppert’s two dresses—both, fittingly, sophisticated and fierce at once—have a very similar energy. From Getty Images. Share Email Facebook Twitter Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATEDSEEK Whoopi Goldberg Says She Doesn’t Laugh EnoughBY VANITY FAIR Taraji and Terrence’s White Hot Holiday Special Recap: Joy to the World!BY PHOEBE ROBINSON SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Premarket Prep Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse What Happened To Target's E-Commerce Business? Shanthi Rexaline , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} March 03, 2017 3:52pm   Comments Share: Related TGT Rate Hike Seems Far More Likely After Yellen's Friday Speech, Rising Above 80% Target's Earnings Stumble Prompts Vetr Upgrade Wal-Mart Vs. Target: Which Is The Better Investment? (Seeking Alpha) E-commerce has taken the retail world by storm to the extent that it has pushed the brick-and-mortar operations of many traditional retailers to the brink. To survive the online onslaught, some retailers with a physical presence have ventured into the e-commerce space, though not many could replicate the same degree of success of pureplays like Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN). Big box retailers such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE: WMT) and Target Corporation (NYSE: TGT) have made a really hard push into the digital space and have tasted varied degree of success. Dissection Of Target's Digital Operation Target's digital sales accounted for 3.4 percent the total sales in 2015, up from 2.6 percent in 2014 and 2 percent in 2013. Digital channel sales rose 30 percent year-over-year in 2015, contributing to 0.8 percentage points to comps sales growth of 2.1 percent. The company's recently released fourth-quarter results showed that fourth-quarter digital comparable sales jumped 34 percent, contributing 1.8 percentage points of comparable store sales growth. This helped to the mitigate the 3.3 percent drop in store channel comparable store sales. Digital sales accounted for 6.8 percent of the total sales. Related Link: How Store Counts Of America's Biggest Retailers Changed Since 2007 Target's Lackluster Q4 Show Target's fourth-quarter adjusted earnings per share from continuing operations fell to $1.46 from $2.31 on a 4.3 percent drop in sales. Looking ahead, the company forecast a low-to-mid single digit decline in comps for the first quarter and low-single-digit comp decline for 2017. The fourth-quarter results and the forward guidance were disappointing. "Our fourth quarter results reflect the impact of rapidly-changing consumer behavior, which drove very strong digital growth but unexpected softness in our stores," said Brian Cornell, chairman and CEO of Target. Though one could say the digital sales performance was better than Wal-Mart's and Amazon's, it was just not strong enough to compensate for the rotten state of affairs at its brick-and-mortar stores. This elicited some sour comments from industry experts. Rahul Sharma from Retail Guru sees Target's digital attempts as lame. Target 'fessing up to new retail 'era' just lame. Model looks as challenged as Macy's on nearly 50% higher multiple $TGT $M — Rahul Sharma (@Retail_Guru) February 28, 2017 Sharma highlighted Target's plight in another tweet, suggesting that it is strangled between Wal-Mart and Amazon and is not finding its mojo either in food or non-food sales. Amazon's U.S. sales rose 22 percent in the recent fourth quarter. $TGT caught in headlights between $WMT & $AMZN. Not enough food to keep store traffic up, not enough non-food wow to compensate — Rahul Sharma (@Retail_Guru) February 28, 2017 Wal-Mart Reaping Benefits Of Online Push Meanwhile, rival Wal-Mart reported U.S. e-commerce sales growth of 29 percent, with gross merchandise volumes up 36.1 percent. In comparison, Wal-Mart's overall revenues rose a mere 1 percent. The strong e-commerce performance was the result of the company's thrust into the digital arena, with its recent acquisition of Jet.com and its push into online groceries. Boosted by its strong e-commerce showing, the company reported U.S. same-store sales gain of 1.8 percent, the strongest performance since July 2012. Earnings per share came in ahead of estimates, though revenues were a bit light. Target has a tall order before it if it has to meaningfully grow its online sales to counter its weak store sales. This would mean huge investments in technology and marketing, which could prove a near-term negative for the stock. Will investor be sympathetic to its cause? Image Credit: By Mjs92984 (Own work) [CC BY-SA 4.0 (http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/4.0)], via Wikimedia Commons Posted-In: e-commerce Jet.comEarnings News Guidance Movers Tech Trading Ideas Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (AMZN + TGT) Virtual Assistants, Voice Technology: Winners And Losers How Wal-Mart Can Beat Amazon: Copy What Amazon Does Best TD Ameritrade's Investor Movement Index (IMX) For February 2017 Rate Hike Seems Far More Likely After Yellen's Friday Speech, Rising Above 80% Logitech Is Ready To Show It Is Bigger Than Just Computer Mouses Industry Valuation Metrics Go Out The Window For These 3 Stocks View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. News from idealmedia Sign up for email alerts on TGT Trending Recent 1 UNG, RH: 20 Stocks Moving In Monday's Pre-Market Session 2 KFY, THO: Keep an Eye on These 5 Stocks for March 6, 2017 3 SNAP, TWTR: Snap Says It May Never Become Profitable; Here's W... 4 BDE, DAVE: Earnings Scheduled For March 6, 2017 5 SNY, EXEL: Icahn's (Potential) Move Into Biotech 6 GPRO, CR: Benzinga's Top Upgrades,... 7 XRX, TRCO: Barron's Picks... 1 XLV: The 2 Sides Of The Affordable Care Act Debate, Explained 2 SSNLF, AAPL: Virtual Assistants, Voice Technology: Winners And Losers 3 FB, SNAP: The Bearish First Wave Of Ratings, Price Targets For Snap... 4 Jacob Wohl, The Teenage-Hedge Fund Manager, Has Been Order... 5 DKS: Dick's Sporting Goods Poised For Market Share Gain... 6 SAF Platform Automates Alternative Investment Processes 7 AAPL: Market Share Isn't Everything; Samsung's... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program PreMarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products Exclusive: CBMG CEO Talks Stem-Cell Therapies, Cancer Treatments, Financials & The Chinese Market Deutsche Bank Undertakes Preparatory Work for a Potential capital increase and further strategic measures
Game played at school may curb bad habits News Maryland Harford County The Aegis Rezoning sought again for two Old Philadelphia Road properties in Aberdeen Pomeroy rezoning AEGIS FILE PHOTO / Baltimore Sun The owners of the Pomeroy Property off Route 7 in Aberdeen are again asking the city to rezone the site for industrial development so a prospective purchaser can build a 500,000 square foot warehouse and distribution center. The owners of the Pomeroy Property off Route 7 in Aberdeen are again asking the city to rezone the site for industrial development so a prospective purchaser can build a 500,000 square foot warehouse and distribution center. (AEGIS FILE PHOTO / Baltimore Sun) Erika ButlerContact ReporterThe Aegis Aberdeen to again consider rezoning Pomeroy properties Privacy Policy After withdrawing their request in 2015, the owners and potential developer of a combined 39 acres off Old Philadelphia Road behind Walmart were back before the Aberdeen City Council earlier this week seeking to have the property rezoned so it can be used for a future warehouse and distribution center. The requested zoning change represents the reality that Harford County, and Aberdeen in particular, never received the full economic boost predicted from the from military base realignment, or BRAC, that occurred a dozen years ago, representatives of the prospective developer told the council during a rezoning hearing Monday night. The two parcels - one 4.92 acres and the other 33.59 - were zoned B-3-Highway Commercial District during the city's comprehensive zoning in 2009, a "mistake" that couldn't be seen back then, John Gessner, a lawyer for MIA Acquisitions LLC, a company controlled by Columbia-based Manekin LLC, which has a contract to buy the site, known locally as the Pomeroy property for the current owners. MIA Acquisitions wants the property rezoned to M-1-Light Industrial District so it can build a 500,000-square-foot warehouse distribution center, Gessner said during the hearing. Construction to begin in Perryman on 2.5 million square feet of warehouse space ALLAN VOUGHT Construction is set to begin on the first phase of what could ultimately be 2.5 million square feet of additional warehouse and distribution space in Perryman. A groundbreaking ceremony was held for the project, called Eastgate, on Tuesday afternoon, with Harford County Executive Barry Glassman,... Construction is set to begin on the first phase of what could ultimately be 2.5 million square feet of additional warehouse and distribution space in Perryman. A groundbreaking ceremony was held for the project, called Eastgate, on Tuesday afternoon, with Harford County Executive Barry Glassman,... (ALLAN VOUGHT) The 2-1/2-hour hearing was one of the last orders of business at Monday's City Council meeting and didn't begin until about 9:15 p.m. The council had to suspend its rules to extend the council meeting beyond its 11 p.m. deadline. Council members agreed to continue the hearing until 11:30; it was over at 11:21. As it was, the council did not take any action on the rezoning request. After 10 days, during which supporting evidence for or against the rezoning can be submitted, the council will begin its deliberations on the request, with the possibility of a closed session to meet with the city attorney for legal advice, Mayor Patrick McGrady explained. The request will be on the city's agenda for the March 13 work session and city council meeting, he said. Richard Alter, president and CEO of Manekin LLC, testified that except for Walmart on an adjacent property, most of the other development in the vicinity has been warehouses and distribution centers, including Saks Fifth Avenue, Sephora, Pier 1, C&S Wholesalers, Ferrell Fuel, Clorox and Rite Aid. "The dominant feature surrounding the site is warehouse," Alter said. Key Harford road projects will never be funded, if scoring system stays DAVID ANDERSON Two badly needed road projects in Harford County, which have already been on the state's books for years, could lose any chance of getting funded, if a new scoring system to prioritize road projects remains in place, according to state and local officials. "It's already a pretty political and burdensome... Two badly needed road projects in Harford County, which have already been on the state's books for years, could lose any chance of getting funded, if a new scoring system to prioritize road projects remains in place, according to state and local officials. "It's already a pretty political and burdensome... (DAVID ANDERSON) Two witnesses Gessner questioned during the hearing said that when the properties were rezoned in 2009 to B-3, it was done under the belief that BRAC was going to bring thousands of office jobs to the area and the site would be used for office buildings or retail commercial or a combination. "BRAC anticipated extremely significant amounts of growth with Fort Monmouth's relocation," Alter said, referring to the move of most of the operations from the New Jersey based to Aberdeen. As many as 27,000 new jobs were expected to be created in the area, 80 percent of them in Harford, and with that the need for an estimated 2 million square feet of new office space. In the Aberdeen area, 47 percent of the available office space is vacant, he said, compared to 18 percent of the retail space and 6 percent of the industrial space. "That did not happen," Edward Steere, a land use planner with Lipman Frizzell & Mitchell LLC who worked for Harford County Planning and Zoning for 11 years, said of the so-called BRAC effect. "Some speculative development that came along with it is still speculative." Aberdeen council disagrees with request to rezone Old Philadelphia Road properties BRYNA ZUMER The Aberdeen City Council is leaning against letting two older properties off Old Philadelphia Road, behind Walmart, be rezoned for industrial use. The Pomeroy family had asked the council to allow the sites to be used for industry, arguing a mistake had been made when rezoning the parcels in 2009.... The Aberdeen City Council is leaning against letting two older properties off Old Philadelphia Road, behind Walmart, be rezoned for industrial use. The Pomeroy family had asked the council to allow the sites to be used for industry, arguing a mistake had been made when rezoning the parcels in 2009.... (BRYNA ZUMER) The market for office space is saturated, Steere said, and many buildings sit vacant. It wasn't possible to know in 2009 that the market would trend away from office space, he said, and city officials based their decision to rezone the properties "on reliable indicators; everybody was on board with the idea they would have that growth at that time." The mistake, he said, was made with no foreknowledge of the change that was coming. The retail market, Alter testified, is trending toward online shopping and away from in-store shopping, and the Pomeroy sites, between Walmart and railroad tracks, are not appropriate for any kind of retail shopping center. Putting retail on the site "ignores what's happened in world retail today," Alter said. "E-commerce has exponentially changed retail." Developing a warehouse on the site would generate significant property tax revenues for the city of Aberdeen, Alter said. In the first year, it would bring in $207,400 in revenue, more than $1 million by the fifth year and more than $2 million by the 10th year. A distribution center would generate considerably less traffic than an office building, Mark Keeley, a traffic consultant with Traffic Concepts Inc., told city council members. Properties near Aberdeen's Walmart could see future industrial development BRYNA ZUMER Properties along Aberdeen's Old Philadelphia Road could be turned into industrial development sites, city Planning and Community Development Director Phyllis Grover said Monday. The owners of two parcels across from Walmart, known as the Pomeroy properties, are asking the city to rezone the sites... Properties along Aberdeen's Old Philadelphia Road could be turned into industrial development sites, city Planning and Community Development Director Phyllis Grover said Monday. The owners of two parcels across from Walmart, known as the Pomeroy properties, are asking the city to rezone the sites... (BRYNA ZUMER) Based on industry traffic standards, a distribution center would create 1.68 trips per 1,000 square feet, or 840 trips per day to the site for a 500,000-square-foot warehouse, Keeley testified, while an office building would generate 11.42 trips per 1,000 square feet, which extrapolates to 5,710 trips. "The point is, a distribution center generates very few trips compared to retail shopping or an office building," he said. The property, which was farmed until about a year ago, "will remain fallow" if the B-3 zoning is maintained, according to the owners. No one spoke against the rezoning during Monday's hearing. One person, Peter Dacey, a former Aberdeen city manager, told the city council he supports the rezoning. Dacey has become friends with the Pomeroys, whom he met four years ago. He said approving the rezoning would complete a vision city leaders had 50 years ago, when the properties in the area in question had yet to be annexed by the city. "This is the last piece of a plan foreseen years ago in helping Aberdeen become the vibrant community it is now and will be in the future," Dacey said. "This opportunity will complete a vision that began 50 years ago by people sitting in your seats." Caption Ash Wednesday in Bel Air The faithful attend a morning Mass for Ash Wednesday at Saint Margaret Parish in Bel Air. (David Anderson / BSMG) The faithful attend a morning Mass for Ash Wednesday at Saint Margaret Parish in Bel Air. (David Anderson / BSMG) Caption Bel Air's Brent Lorin wins state wrestling title Bel Air sophomore wins 3-2 for second straight title. (Randy McRoberts/BSMG) Bel Air sophomore wins 3-2 for second straight title. (Randy McRoberts/BSMG) Copyright © 2017, The Aegis, a Baltimore Sun Media Group publication | Place an Ad Aberdeen mayor says city needs to move quickly on Middleton Road extension Aberdeen council delays vote on new 75-room hotel off Beards Hill Road BRAC brings boost, but less than expected, for many in Harford Breaking Sports Maryland Business Opinion Obits eNewspaper Advertising 43°
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content National Real Estate Investor Search: Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Tablet App RSS Contact Us Advertise Subscribe Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Finance & Investment CMBS Distressed Investment Lending Net Lease REITs Viewpoints Multifamily Retail Office Industrial Alternative Properties Hotel Medical Office Self Storage Seniors Housing Single-Family Housing Student Housing Real Estate Services Brokerage Development Leasing Property Management Rankings Technology Viewpoints Webinars Whitepapers NREI Wire Advertisement Home > Retail > Retailers Had a Dismal Christmas, Now Face Ryan's Import Tax Retailers Had a Dismal Christmas, Now Face Ryan's Import Tax Mar 3, 2017 Bloomberg | Bloomberg EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Advertisement (Bloomberg) — U.S. retailers are coming off one of the worst Christmas-shopping seasons in recent memory, and now they have to deal with Paul Ryan. The Republican House Speaker is pushing a corporate tax overhaul that would make imports more expensive, according to the retail industry. If that comes to pass, it would drastically cut into the already-thin profit margins of chains like Best Buy Co. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. that sell loads of foreign-made goods. “That’s all they need,” said Ken Perkins, president of researcher Retail Metrics Inc. “Things are already difficult.” That’s putting it mildly. Retailers are getting hammered on multiple fronts. States have been passing minimum-wage increases that are putting pressure on labor costs. Amazon.com Inc. and other web players continue to take market share, leading to dramatic declines in visits to many malls. Shoppers also have shifted spending toward their homes and experiences while becoming better bargain hunters. The fourth quarter, which for retailers runs from November through January, was the third time in four years that the industry’s earnings declined for that period, according to Retail Metrics. Not even the highest consumer confidence in more than a decade, rising incomes and a surging stock market could save retailers’ Christmas. Cut Prices J.C. Penney Co. and Macy’s Inc. announced massive store-closure plans, which will ripple throughout the industry because their locations anchor shopping malls. Target Corp.’s stock fell the most since the depths of the recession in 2008 after the company said it would cut prices to win more customers. Even L Brands Inc., often considered one of the better-performing U.S. retailers, isn’t immune as its flagship business, Victoria’s Secret, struggles. Ryan’s tax plan, which includes the border-adjustment provision that has the retail industry so worried, is just a blueprint. President Donald Trump hasn’t said whether he supports the idea. Within the White House, there is division -- with a contingent led by top strategist Steve Bannon in favor, and National Economic Council director Gary Cohn and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin opposed -- according to a senior administration official. Several Republican senators have raised doubts too and are working on alternatives. There has been a lot of debate among corporations about how the border-adjustment tax, or BAT, would work. Supporters, which include net exporters such as General Electric Co., say a rise in the value of the dollar would offset the increased costs of imported goods. Opponents, which range from retail to autos to shoemakers like Nike Inc., counter that a move in the dollar is more economic theory than a given. And this kind of levy would end up getting passed down to consumers in the form of higher prices. ‘Different Concept’ “A lot of the retailers don’t want to bet on an economic theory that may or may not play out,” said Scot Ciccarelli, an analyst for RBC Capital Markets. “It would be a really big hit to some companies.” While House Republicans unveiled the plan last summer, it was largely ignored because Democrat Hillary Clinton was favored to win the White House. But after Trump’s victory, the tax was suddenly on the table. Ciccarelli knew little about the idea when he was first asked about it shortly after the election. He then spent a week holed up in his office doing research. “I was asking people, ‘Am I understanding this right?’ because it was a different concept,” Ciccarelli said. “You aren’t taxing a profit. You’re effectively taxing a sale amount on an import. Well, that’s a game-changer.” Ciccarelli published his first report on the subject Dec. 6 with the title “Border-Adjusted Tax Changes Could Materially Impact Retail Earnings,” and it received a lot of attention. Soon clients were making investment decisions based on a chain’s potential exposure to it, he said. The prospect has weighed on retail stocks. Since the Nov. 8 election, the Standard & Poor’s 500 Index has surged about 12 percent, tripling the advance of the SPDR S&P Retail ETF. Even within the retail industry the impact could vary greatly, according to RBC. It would depend largely on how many imported goods a chain sells and its ability to push back on suppliers. There’s also a provision in Ryan’s plan to start taxing interest payments and offer a new deduction for capital expenditures. This could help retailers that are still opening a lot of stores. RBC projected Ryan’s tax plan would boost the net income of CarMax Inc., the largest U.S. seller of used autos, by 59 percent. Home Depot Inc. and Lowe’s Cos. would experience modest increases because they import less than other chains and, given their market dominance, would have more power to push back on potential price increases from suppliers. Amazon could get a boost, too. The online giant sells a lot of imported goods, but it could use profits from its web-services unit to eat price increases and undercut competitors. Meanwhile, net profit at Wal-Mart, Dick’s Sporting Goods Inc. and Costco Wholesale Corp. would drop by 45 percent or more. And Best Buy would see an estimated decline of 300 percent, potentially swinging it from a net profit of $1 billion to a loss of $2 billion, according to RBC. Nervous Questions “It’s a huge gamble, and it’s bad for American families,” Best Buy Chief Executive Officer Hubert Joly said on a call with reporters this week. “It would destroy jobs.” And the concern isn’t dying down. At an event this week in Washington’s Watergate Hotel hosted by the American Apparel & Footwear Association, executives talked about the BAT’s potential impact and the difficulty they’ve had winning over members of Congress. Panelists later were peppered with nervous questions about the industry’s lobbying efforts and how companies could prepare if this becomes a reality. “We’re not opposed to tax reform -- we’re opposed to being the scapegoat and having our rights traded away without a seat at the table,” said Rick Helfenbein, the trade group’s CEO. The industry has gone through the five steps of mourning and now “we reached the anger stage.”   --With assistance from Joseph Ciolli.To contact the reporters on this story: Matt Townsend in New York at mtownsend9@bloomberg.net ;Lindsey Rupp in New York at lrupp2@bloomberg.net To contact the editor responsible for this story: Nick Turner at nturner7@bloomberg.net © 2017 Bloomberg L.P Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles H&M's Now the Filling in the Classic Retailer Sandwich: Gadfly Developer of $50 Million Zaha Hadid N.Y. Penthouse Now Explores Tiny Homes Real Estate Seen Hurt by Brexit Unease of Wait Now, Invest Later Blackstone’s Baratta Says Now Is Most Treacherous Time Ever Charles Schwab Now Planning for 5,000 Employees in DFW Hub Advertisement The Latest in Retail Gordmans Stores Is Said to Prepare for Bankruptcy Filing Retailers Had a Dismal Christmas, Now Face Ryan's Import Tax BCBG Max Azria Files for Bankruptcy as Retail Glitz Fades First look: Here's what's in store for West Oaks Mall Retail Real Estate Investors Hunt for Yields in Secondary Markets More Advertisement Recent Comments Dear sir/Ma we offer financial instrument such as BG/SBLC/MTN/MT's specifically for lease for such business... Posted 1 sec ago by Mr ibrahim Dear sir/Ma we offer financial instrument such as BG/SBLC/MTN/MT's specifically for lease for such business... Posted 1 min 40 sec ago by Mr ibrahim Dear Sir/Madam, I write to introduce our financial services to you. I am a direct mandate to a provider... Posted 2 min 2 sec ago by Mr ibrahim Dear sir/Ma we offer financial instrument such as BG/SBLC/MTN/MT's specifically for lease for such business... Posted 2 min 43 sec ago by Mr ibrahim Dear sir/Ma we offer financial instrument such as BG/SBLC/MTN/MT's specifically for lease for such business... Posted 3 min 49 sec ago by Mr ibrahim Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Advertisement Nreionline.com Finance & Investment Multifamily Retail Office Industrial Alternative Properties Real Estate Services NREI Wire Site Features Subscribe RSS Sitemap Site Archive View Mobile Site National Real Estate Investor Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn RSS Search Nreionline.com Search: PISCES National Real Estate Investor Related Sites WealthManagement.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton Sponsored Introduction Continue on to (or wait seconds) ×
RedEye Your weekend plans. Delivered. Suburbs Skokie Review Police: Skokie woman hit officer in face after altercation at Walmart Marie Roberge Skokie Police Department / Handout Marie Roberge Marie Roberge (Skokie Police Department / Handout) Genevieve BookwalterContact ReporterPioneer Press A Skokie woman allegedly "battered" a Walmart employee and hit a Skokie police officer in the face Thursday after a Walmart worker declined to cash her check, Skokie police said Friday. Marie Roberge, 40, of Skokie, was arrested after allegedly hitting the worker and then fleeing into a business next to the Walmart at 3626 Touhy Ave., according to a police press release. Roberge is charged with misdemeanor battery and felony aggravated battery to a police officer, the release said. Police found Roberge in the adjacent business and tried to arrest her, according to the release. During the arrest, she allegedly struck a police officer in the face and hit a Walmart loss prevention agent. Waukegan cops arrest man accused of hitting officer with car at Walmart A Waukegan man wanted for shoplifting and knocking down a Round Lake Beach police officer with the door of a vehicle last weekend was taken into custody Tuesday, police said. An arrest warrant with a $500,000 bond had been issued for Cedric Brown, 43, of the 1000 block of Pacific Avenue in Waukegan,... A Waukegan man wanted for shoplifting and knocking down a Round Lake Beach police officer with the door of a vehicle last weekend was taken into custody Tuesday, police said. An arrest warrant with a $500,000 bond had been issued for Cedric Brown, 43, of the 1000 block of Pacific Avenue in Waukegan,...Read the story The officer was taken to a hospital for treatment and released, the release said. The two Walmart employees were treated on the scene by the Skokie Fire Department. A bond hearing was scheduled for Friday. gbookwalter@chicagotribune.com Twitter @GenevieveBook Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Crime Suburban Chicago arrest photos Reaction to the new travel ban Chance the Rapper donates $1 million to CPS 2017 Chicago Polar Plunge Sports Breaking Trending RedEye Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 57°
Home Business All Companies Enterprise Comms Start-ups Discovery All Innovation Machines Earth Science Careers All Advice People Employers Jobs Life All Trending Gear Play Video All More Subscribe Advertise About Contact us BUSINESS DISCOVERY CAREERS LIFE VIDEO MORE Tweet Share Email ALL COMPANIES ENTERPRISE COMMS START-UPS Weekend takeaway: Recognising sci-tech’s finest Irish forestry boom sees funding and partnerships emerge Ireland an ‘enthusiastic’ EU state, but Brexit puts pressure on financial sector It’s time to return the hamburger menu to sender Brexit’s drying up of talent pool a major worry in UK Win tickets to Inspirefest 2017 – and an added surprise Hailo’s goodbye: Popular taxi app becomes Mytaxi Spotify model is proving its worth as paid subscribers soar Fitness and health tools driving wearable market to record levels Eir taking ComReg to High Court over fault repair demands The future of retail: Mobile-first is the only way to save our shops Yahoo breach cost CEO Marissa Mayer millions in bonuses The five-minute CIO: Mike Hanrahan, co-founder, Jet.com A single typo brought Amazon Web Services to a grinding halt Interxion to ‘power on’ €28m data centre in west Dublin 5 factors to consider when choosing a data centre provider Microsoft and Intel part of new 30-member Ethereum blockchain alliance China preparing to launch blockchain-based cryptocurrency EU demands that Irish mobile operators respect roaming abolition Leaders’ Insights: Justin Conry, Three Ireland Soon EU roaming charges are going, going … nope, staying put It’s payback time: 5G, IoT and the real drama at Mobile World Congress 2017 Dublin’s iMobMedia in mobile ads deal at Mobile World Congress Deutsche Telekom names Anam as global A2P SMS filtering partner Start-up of the week: Future Ticketing Weekend takeaway: For the entrepreneurs who shine Autism App wins top prize at 2017 BT Young Scientist Business Bootcamp Which of these 31 start-ups has what it takes to impress Google? Bringing blockchain to the world of food traceability Dylan Collins’s TotallyAwesome raises $2m to power kid-safe digital ads in Asia ALL INNOVATION MACHINES EARTH SCIENCE Doodling and maths: A matter of black and white Can you divide up the music budget evenly using maths? Ireland’s Edge line-up revealed ahead of Dingle STEAM showcase A game of two halves, but maths will be the real winner Can you logic your way to €1m? Lies, Boolean logic and crime scenes: Chapter One UL leading new €4.9m study into cleaner carbon fibre future What do you know about Komodo dragons? Physicists develop ‘supersolid’ that flows like a liquid, endlessly Delivering a ‘double whammy’ against ovarian cancer Evidence of ancient mega-flood found on surface of Mars NUIG engineering centre to be named after pioneer Alice Perry IoT global round-up: Cloud teaching, Qualcomm and bears Researchers code entire movie and operating system into DNA New ‘magical’ super-fast computer concept uses DNA molecules to grow Molecular magnet breakthrough could lead to 1m GB hard drives Druid is the magic connecting Europe’s internet of things vision Boston Dynamics moves from feet to wheels with jumping Handle bot How many people could live on Earth? Forget a climate shift in centuries, more like decades, climatologists claim WeForest doubles crowdfunding target to empower Indian village World awaits birth of ‘baby dragons’ in Slovenia Gold and platinum discovered in south-east Irish streams The bees are still in trouble, so we are too ALL ADVICE PEOPLE EMPLOYERS JOBS As level of unemployment falls in Ireland, look to career development Trump signs laws to boost numbers of women and girls in STEM How much money would make you quit your job? How to beat stress and find your happy place at work NUI Galway joins Phablabs 4.0 to turn spotlight on photonics for STEM Top tech companies still have a massive gender gap 5 things you shouldn’t lie about in a job interview How to write a killer LinkedIn summary 5 mistakes you’re making with your job search When push comes to shove, emojis in push notifications are a win-win How to encourage your employees to have a healthy work-life balance Under 30 and underpaid: How to beat the pay trap On the Vodafone enterprise product team, no two days are the same From aviation to Intel: Rebooting your career as a tech graduate What is it like to work at the cutting edge of cancer research? How can we solve the talent gap in the tech industry? ‘My favourite thing about agile is the marriage of IT and business’ Making a big career change from music to tech 6 top international companies hiring in data right now How do companies ensure diversity in their workforce? 6 companies hiring in fintech right now 7 US companies hiring in Ireland right now 7 of the coolest science jobs in the world Thinking about a career in marketing? An analytical mind is helpful Career Zoo workshops will introduce tech jobseekers to the industry Eir to recruit 50 apprentices for rural broadband expansion Mobile Technologies Inc to create 150 jobs in Drogheda office Dyson to double UK workforce to 7,000 with mega robot R&D campus CSO reveals unemployment in Ireland has hit a nine-year low What job would you have had in the 1920s? ALL GEAR PLAY TRENDING Facebook encourages users to go ‘as Gaeilge’ for SnaG Twitter creates its version of a mute button in latest anti-abuse move Check out these amazing images from Sony photo award shortlist YouTube is entering the TV business and has Netflix in its sights YouTube confirms users watch 1bn hours of video a day The secret duo that hold the Oscar winners in their hands iPhone move from Lightning to USB-C cable would cause a storm Sony unveils interactive projector and four new Xperia smartphones ZTE reveals the first 5G-ready smartphone at MWC 2017 Huawei guns for Apple with new P10 and P10 Plus smartphones Microsoft reveals Skype Lite, a free, low connectivity app for India Private message app Signal reveals new video call tool Is preloaded content on phones the new way to enjoy movies? Take a tour of Earth in this amazing Google Maps hyperlapse When is Stranger Things back? Netflix finally reveals all Sinking of Titanic to be recreated as a realistic VR experience Purple Rain forecast for Grammys as Prince streaming rumours grow WhatsApp testing feature that lets you recall and edit sent messages From Ferraris to aircraft carriers: Mind-blowing Lego creations ’Tis the season: Google celebrates with festive Doodles First day of winter celebrated with solstice Google Doodle 5 last-minute stocking fillers for Christmas Where was every Star Wars movie filmed? This map reveals all Trump, Enda, Brady and Bowie dominate Facebook in 2016 ALL At Aon, diversity isn’t just for International Women’s Day Identifying lean and high-potential start-ups with Ash Maurya Resist applying technology for technology’s sake Could robots replace humans in the future? How Teen-Turn directly connects young women to STEM careers Enda Kenny lays out Brexit plans with Action Plan for Jobs 2017 ADVERTISE SUBSCRIBE CONTACT ABOUT ENTERPRISE The five-minute CIO: Mike Hanrahan, co-founder, Jet.com by John Kennedy 2 days ago398 Shares Mike Hanrahan, CTO and co-founder of Jet.com. Image: David Solodukho “The talent pool in Dublin is incredible,” said Mike Hanrahan, the Wexford native who co-founded e-commerce giant Jet.com. Wal-Mart acquired Jet.com for $3bn, making it the largest US e-commerce company acquisition in history. Jet.com is a gold sponsor for the upcoming Career Zoo event in The Convention Centre, Dublin on Saturday, 11 March. Mike Hanrahan oversaw the building of the Jet.com platform, which, within 10 months of launch in 2014, had a revenue run-rate of $1bn. The company has grown from 30 people in 2015 to 2,000 today. It has more than 8,000 suppliers, its own distribution centres and 20m stock items. What roads led to Jet.com? My background is in chartered accountancy. I worked at PwC in Waterford and then London in the mid-1990s, and that’s where I met Marc Lore, our CEO. Marc went back to the US and had a couple of successful start-ups, including a company called Diapers.com. When Marc got back in touch with me, I was working in various banks, building systems, and he asked me would I like to work with him again. We jumped at the opportunity and decided that a move to the US would be an exciting adventure. I always liked working with Marc. He is a super-smart guy, a very inspirational leader, and so we went to the US and I worked again with him at Quidsi. I took a few years off because we had four kids under the age of five. Marc got in contact again and told me he was thinking of starting a big e-commerce company to take advantage of what we thought was a big disparity in e-commerce, relative to what you might see in Europe or Japan. Very few US consumers did their weekly shop online; people were using Amazon to engage in e-commerce but were typically buying one item here and there, not thinking of the weekly grocery shop. As a consequence, shipping costs for a single unit were very high – 16-20pc of order values went into fulfilment. In the UK, there are very different price dynamics as people buy big baskets of stuff when shopping online and, as a result, fulfilment costs come down to 5pc. That’s a big disparity. There was almost 10pc that we felt we could take out of the value chain in terms of cost. That was the genesis of the idea. We were obsessed with how we could build a website that could encourage people to buy bigger baskets and really help them to pull costs out of e-commerce so they could shop in a sustainable way. What are the main points of your IT strategy? From a technical perspective, if you speak to any CTO and ask them to describe their dream job, Marc gave me mine. He sat me down, explained the amount of capital he was raising, when we were going to come out of the gate, how many visitors we would hit on day one and how he planned to grow the hell out of this thing. His plan was for it to become a $20bn-dollar-a-year business by 2020. The technical requirement was fantastic. It was a complete greenfield set-up with no legacy systems, and we hadn’t written a line of code. The challenge was to build a massively scalable e-commerce platform as good as anything Amazon or Wal-Mart had. We had to make sure we were building it at scale and for the cloud, and thinking of all the engineering challenges. We made the decision to do it all right at the start. Let’s not try and build a minimal viable product, let’s do it right. There is nothing sweeter to the ears than when you hear that kind of technical requirement. Marc himself is very cognisant of the power of technology and, as CEO, he was a fantastic champion of technology in the sense that he really gave us the latitude to take a lot of technological risks to get where we needed to be. We ended up with 300pc the traffic we expected on day one, which was better than our best case and the systems scaled fantastically. We didn’t have a single glitch from a technology standpoint and so it all came together quite nicely. How complex is the infrastructure? Are you taking steps to simplify it? We have an unusual platform in a lot of senses. It is an event-driven platform that has the properties we need to do what we want to, in terms of scaling and the cloud. We use event sourcing as a system of record, which was unusual and scaled for us. It is extremely flexible and can be scalable if done right. We have a very strong focus on microservices. We have more than 1,000 microservices in our production environment right now. Each piece of code is nicely encapsulated in small services, nice properties for scaling and decoupling the system. We get fantastic utilisation out of our machines because they are cheaper to run. We were native to the public cloud. We took a big bet on Microsoft Azure and that worked out perfectly for us. Our systems run 100pc in the public cloud and to do that effectively really requires a deep understanding of the nuance of the underlying fabric. It came with a lot of challenges but when we came out the other side, we were in a fanatic position with the foundations of a massively scalable business that would work. Do you have a large in-house IT team? Since the Wal-Mart takeover, I am responsible for some of the technologies in the greater Wal-Mart world as well. But within the context of Jet.com, I have around 200 people reporting to me right now but we are looking to double the team over the next 12 months – 180 people between Dublin and Hoboken. I also work with 300 people on the west coast in the Wal-Mart context. Jet.com has been in Dublin for the last year. We have close to 20 people on site here and we’ve had fantastic success here so far. Some of the thinking around Dublin was: ‘How do we have a team that is not based on the east coast of the US, who can help diversify our engineering and hiring, and help with doing some of the risky releases we do overnight that happen at 4am east coast time, which is 9am Dublin time?’. Dublin really works from that perspective. We also wanted a team on the ground contributing to the larger platform, a team that would take ownership of significant projects at Jet.com. The reason we did it this way was to attract the calibre of staff who want to feel they have a seat at the table of the greater Jet.com technology group. We were very mindful from day one to make Dublin an equal partner to Hoboken, and that they would get the meaty projects and fun stuff to do, and not just view themselves as an ops team. What do you think of the talent pool in Dublin? The talent pool in Dublin is incredible. Every major tech company in the US has a presence in Dublin, from Microsoft to Google and Twitter. We typically attract talent from all over Europe as well as Ireland. I split my time between the east and west coast of the US. Jet.com is small enough in the greater Wal-Mart picture that we have plenty of flexibility, in terms of the numbers of people we hire. We have fantastic offices on Merrion Square to grow the team very quickly. We are all systems go. What other projects do you have lined up for the year, and what will they contribute to the business? We are only getting started on what we are trying to achieve here. Amazon is obviously massive and Jet.com is a minnow by comparison, so we have many engineering challenges that we are going to have to focus on in the coming years. Jet distributes its data across a number of data centers and geographies so a strong understanding of distributed systems theory is important for our platform engineers. We are doing a lot in the States around personalisation, taking huge data sets from machine learning and figuring out how we leverage for a better customer experience and apply that across different problem spaces. Machine learning will be applied to search along with personalisation and recommendations. Another big engineering challenge will be around how we match products. It sounds simple on paper but is, in fact, one of the biggest problems in e-commerce. We accurately match 70m products and, at any one point in time, 25m of those are for sale on our site. There will be a lot of engineering work and data science work trying to improve matching algorithms. If you really want to leverage and get value out of data sets, you have to get really good at handling petabytes of data in ways that make sense. In-Depth: Five-Minute CIO Related: e-commerce, Cloud, engineering, software Editor John Kennedy is an award-winning technology journalist. editorial@siliconrepublic.com You May Also Like You May Also Like Enterprise The five-minute CIO: Chris Donnelly, BWG Group 24 Feb 2017139 Shares Hiring Now Be part of a globally successful team A dynamic and rapidly expanding company Informing, entertaining and connecting the world Think for impact with Liberty IT. Delivering global software solutions Enterprise The five-minute CIO: Helen Dixon, Data Protection Commissioner 17 Feb 2017394 Shares Enterprise The five-minute CIO: PK Agarwal, Northeastern University-Silicon Valley 10 Feb 20178 Shares SUBSCRIBE TO OUR E-ZINE Sign up to receive weekly alerts bringing the best of Siliconrepublic.com straight to your inbox. Submit Email Jobs Microsoft reveals major 600-job expansion for Dublin 17 Feb 2017645 Shares Companies The most dangerous wall is a closed mind 6 Feb 201761 Shares Companies Clouds form as Oracle snaps up DNS provider Dyn 21 Nov 201633 Shares Latest News UL leading new €4.9m study into cleaner carbon fibre future 33 minutes ago What do you know about Komodo dragons? 1 hour ago Hailo’s goodbye: Popular taxi app becomes Mytaxi 2 hours ago Start-up of the week: Future Ticketing 2 hours ago As level of unemployment falls in Ireland, look to career development 2 days ago Physicists develop ‘supersolid’ that flows like a liquid, endlessly 2 days ago The five-minute CIO: Mike Hanrahan, co-founder, Jet.com 2 days ago Weekend takeaway: For the entrepreneurs who shine 2 days ago Facebook encourages users to go ‘as Gaeilge’ for SnaG 2 days ago IoT global round-up: Cloud teaching, Qualcomm and bears 2 days ago A single typo brought Amazon Web Services to a grinding halt 2 days ago Autism App wins top prize at 2017 BT Young Scientist Business Bootcamp 2 days ago Spotify model is proving its worth as paid subscribers soar 2 days ago Delivering a ‘double whammy’ against ovarian cancer 2 days ago Which of these 31 start-ups has what it takes to impress Google? 2 days ago 5 things you shouldn’t lie about in a job interview 2 days ago Researchers code entire movie and operating system into DNA 2 days ago Fitness and health tools driving wearable market to record levels 2 days ago Bringing blockchain to the world of food traceability 2 days ago Evidence of ancient mega-flood found on surface of Mars 3 days ago Career Zoo workshops will introduce tech jobseekers to the industry 3 days ago Dylan Collins’s TotallyAwesome raises $2m to power kid-safe digital ads in Asia 3 days ago Eir taking ComReg to High Court over fault repair demands 3 days ago Interxion to ‘power on’ €28m data centre in west Dublin 3 days ago More from Business Latest News Home About Contact Advertise Subscribe Privacy Policy All content copyright 2002-2017 Silicon Republic Knowledge & Events Management Ltd. Reproduction without explicit permission is prohibited. All rights reserved. Designed by Zero-G and Square1.io Silicon Republic Cookies Policy Our Website uses cookies to improve your experience. Please visit our Privacy Policy page for more information about cookies and how we use them. Close
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Will Target CEO Brian Cornell Be Fired? By Douglas A. McIntyre February 28, 2017 11:55 am EST Print Email Tweet CEO Brian Cornell has been turning around Target Corp. (NYSE: TGT) since mid-2014. He was brought on board to fix a company reeling from a massive data breach that affected over 70 million customers under predecessor Gregg Steinhafel. The turnaround is in tatters, particularly based on Target’s most recent earnings. As a result of poor fourth-quarter figures and an equally weak forecast, Target shares have dropped the most they have in 45 years, since the company went public. The drop was as much as 14% to $57. Over $5 billion in market cap has disappeared in one day. Target appears to suffer from the same trouble as a number of other retailers. However, the problem is one its larger rival Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) has navigated away from. Wal-Mart recently traded just below its 52-week high. Modestly positive same-store sales and the belief that its e-commerce plan has sharply improved have created a positive image on Wall Street. Target reported: Target Corporation today announced its fourth quarter and full-year 2016 results. The Company reported GAAP earnings per share (EPS) from continuing operations of $1.46 in fourth quarter and $4.58 for full-year 2016, compared with $2.31 and $5.25 in 2015, respectively. Also: Target’s 2017 guidance reflects the impact of the Company’s transition to a new financial model, which will be covered in the Company’s meeting with the financial community later today. In first quarter 2017, Target expects a low-to-mid single digit decline in comparable sales, and both GAAP EPS from continuing operations and Adjusted EPS of $0.80 to $1.00. For full-year 2017, Target expects a low-single digit decline in comparable sales, and both GAAP EPS from continuing operations and Adjusted EPS of $3.80 to $4.20. One thing that retailers with deteriorating results have discovered is that significant improvement is nearly impossible. One solution Macy’s and J.C. Penney have opted for is closing stores. Target has just over 1,770 stores, and the count has been at approximately that level for four years. If there is a logical time for Cornell to shutter locations, it is now. Cornell was introduced to the financial community as a highly skilled operator. When he was appointed, Roxanne S. Austin, interim nonexecutive chair of the board, said: As we seek to aggressively move Target forward and establish the company as a top omnichannel retailer, we focused on identifying an extraordinary leader who could bring vision, focus and a wealth of experience to Target’s transformation. If anything, Target has dropped out of the top omnichannel retailer tier. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Douglas A. McIntyre « Where the Snap IPO Can Go From Here Why Valeant Missed the Mark Despite an Earnings Beat » Read more: Retail, CEO Performance, Corporate Governance, Corporate Performance, Target (NYSE:TGT), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Employer in Every State The 25 Healthiest Cities in America The Most Iconic Job in Every State The Richest Town in Every State 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent The Happiest (and Most Miserable) Cities in America The Bull Market Turns 8 Years Old: Shocking News Headlines Then Versus Now Rite Aid, Frontier Communications Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club JPMorgan, Intel Sink DJIA on Monday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Douglas Dynamics Overcomes a Weak Winter Apple Stock Nears $140: Still a Buy? 4 New Must-Read Quotes From Tesla, Inc. CEO Elon Musk Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 11,964.99 France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 4,968.75 U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,359.58 Why Is Nokia (NOK) Up 9.5% Since the Last Earnings Report? Computer Sciences (CSC) Up 11% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Why Is Sirius XM (SIRI) Up 7.5% Since the Last Earnings Report? Snap slumps 12 percent, closes at lowest since IPO Asian stocks climb, oil down amid U.S. supply glut concerns VW CEO sees no immediate trouble from PSA-Opel deal Australia's Economy Avoids Recession China Shares Edge Up on Tech Gains Nikkei Closes Lower, Small Caps Buck Trend Republicans Just Made It Easier For Companies To Exploit Workers Donald Trump Will Decide Whether You Get Overtime Pay White House Lifts Several Sentences From Exxon Mobil Press Release Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Wal-Mart Is Acting More Like Amazon, but That May Not Help Its Shareholders The world's largest retailer has been making the right strategic moves, but the stock has still been a laggard. Here's why that will continue. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Mar 3, 2017 at 9:39AM Give Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) some credit. After years of being asleep at the retail wheel, under the leadership of CEO Doug McMilllon, the company is finally responding to the biggest threat it faces: Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN). Over the past year or so, Wal-Mart made several decisions to make itself more competitive as retail shopping patterns shift. The company raised its minimum wage to $10/hour and revamped its training and promotion process in an attempt to improve store performance. The decision seemed to be a result of management's realization that operating a bare-bones business to keep prices down and squeeze out profits is no longer a viable long-term strategy. Wal-Mart's customer satisfaction scores have long lagged the industry, a sharp contrast to those of Amazon and rival Costco Wholesale, which rank at the top of the retail sector. Image source: Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart also took the bold step of acquiring the start-up e-commerce business Jet.com for $3.3 billion last summer. Some critics derided the move, saying Wal-Mart overpaid for a company that was barely a year old, while others called it an "acqui-hire," implying that Wal-Mart bought the company just to bring founder Marc Lore on board. But Wal-Mart has deep pockets, and it needs to ramp up its e-commerce business as fast as possible. Already the move seems be having a positive effect, as Wal-Mart's e-commerce growth accelerated to 29% in the fourth quarter, up from just single digits earlier in the year. Strategically, the company is also becoming more aggressive as it unveiled free two-day shipping for orders over $35, a move that prompted Amazon to follow suit, lowering its free-shipping minimum to match Wal-Mart.  Since it purchased Jet, Wal-Mart has made some smaller e-commerce acquisitions and aggressively expanded its online grocery pickup program. The company also sharply scaled back new store opening this year in order to invest in its current store base and improve e-commerce operations. Why it may not pay off for shareholders The strategic shift is clear. Like Amazon, Wal-Mart is showing it's willing to sacrifice profits to build its business for the long-term. Profits shrunk this year due to the wage hike, and they are expected to remain flat. Management has projected them to grow modestly next year. However, while becoming more like Amazon by embracing e-commerce, sacrificing short-term profits, and improving the customer experience is the right thing to do for the business, it may not do much to push Wal-Mart's stock higher. That's because investors perceive the two stocks differently. Amazon Founder Jeff Bezos told investors he was building a company for the long-term from its inception. Though his business has put up scant profits throughout its history, investors have made it one of the most valuable companies on the market. Amazon has continued to hold a triple-digit earnings valuation as it has consistently delivered strong revenue growth, and developed valuable competitive advantages in areas like e-commerce and cloud computing that are expected to translate into profits over the years to come. Wal-Mart, on the other hand, is valued as a traditional retailer. It carries a P/E ratio of 15, which seems fair for its growth prospects and competitive position. Wal-Mart's shareholders own the stock because it has been a reliable dividend payer, not for its growth prospects. Amazon has earned the right to be treated as an exception. Wal-Mart has not. Even as the company transitions to challenge Amazon more directly, the stock is unlikely to move higher unless the company can demonstrate strong revenue or profit growth, which seem likely to be modest over the coming years even with the aggressive moves recently.  Making Wal-Mart's situation even more challenging is the near certainty that Amazon will continue to expand and enhance its operations. Wal-Mart may be paddling faster, but the water's only rising. Amazon is constantly building new fulfillment centers to speed up deliveries, and the Wall Street Journal said the company had plans to open up as many as 2,000 grocery stores across the country over the next ten years. Amazon denied that story, but the company did unveil its new Amazon Go convenience store, with technology that precludes cashiers, in December. Warren Buffett acknowledged Wal-Mart's challenges in a recent CNBC interview explaining why he sold nearly all of his stake in the company. Buffett called retailing "too tough," adding about Amazon, "That is a tough, tough, tough competitive force. Now Walmart is pushing forward online themselves. They have got all kinds of strengths, but I just decided that I'd look for a little easier game." Investors may want to consider Buffett's wisdom. The upshot for Wal-Mart shareholders seems to be that the company will continue to make needed improvements, but it will likely be years before the stock sees a significant response to those efforts. Jeremy Bowman has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Mar 3, 2017 at 9:39AM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $846.61 down $-3.27 (-0.38%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $69.88 down $0.15 (-0.21%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $166.73 down $-3.53 (-2.07%) Read More Wal-Mart Raises the Stakes in E-commerce Arms Race With Amazon Berkshire Hathaway Sold $2 Billion of Wal-Mart Stock: Time for You to Sell, Too? Will Wal-Mart Raise Its Dividend in 2017? Wal-Mart Tried to Take on Amazon Prime and Failed Can Wal-Mart Compete With Amazon and Make Money? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current Wal-Mart Is Acting More Like Amazon, but That May Not Help Its Shareholders @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $COST
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends The New Consumer Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Staples to take over as SpartanNash CEO Mar 06, 2017 Kroger’s ID sales fall in Q4, ending 13-year streak Mar 02, 2017 Publix comps up 2.2% in Q4 Mar 01, 2017 Dollar Tree beats estimates on margin expansion Mar 01, 2017 Muted outlook for Kroger in Q4 Feb 27, 2017 Featured Gallery: Uncle Giuseppe’s highlights fresh Mar 03, 2017 How to entice Millennial meat eaters Mar 03, 2017 Hy-Vee transitions to fair trade tuna Mar 02, 2017 Viewpoint: Top 5 grocery trends for 2017 Mar 02, 2017 Top Retailers>Kroger Is Kroger a victim of its own success? Observers react to a rare slip; competitors make up ground Jon Springer | Mar 02, 2017 As Kroger Co. was pummeling the industry over the past decade, officials frequently emphasized that its results were never about low prices alone but about low prices in combination with other elements of the shopping experience ranging from freshness to selection to formats to checkout speed. This all-encompassing, consumer-centric approach was something of an exclusive recipe at Kroger, which not only delivered comparable-store sales results more consistently than anyone, but often, beat them decisively. On Thursday, while reviewing a rare quarter in which ID sales not only fell but were worse than several competitors who’d reported their results over a similar period, Kroger officials made a familiar acknowledgement: Competitors had improved, and it wasn’t only about price. “There is no doubt several competitors are improving and running better stores,” Rodney McMullen, Kroger’s CEO, said in response to an analyst’s question during the retailer’s conference call reviewing its fourth quarter financial results. “That is really clear when you go into their stores, and it's much broader than just Walmart.” Walmart, riding the benefits of recent price and service initiatives, was among several of Kroger’s competitors — Publix Super Markets, Ahold Delhaize and Sprouts Farmers Markets were others — that posted comparable-store gains during this reporting period, while Kroger saw its non-fuel identical-stores decline by 0.7%. It marked the first quarter of comp declines for Kroger since the third quarter of fiscal 2003, 13 years ago, and the second straight quarter during which Walmart’s U.S. comps beat Kroger. That hadn’t happened since 2009.  Chris Mandeville, an analyst following Kroger for Jefferies, acknowledged these retailers to an extent have “gone to school” on Kroger and are realizing the benefits. “It seems like Kroger has provided the roadmap to success, and you’re just now seeing other conventionals and mass merchandisers elevate their game, either in-store, or by sharpening their pencils on price,” Mandeville said. “But after so many years of price investment, leveraging their industry leading data analytics to identify sales trends early and drive sales, it could really be that Kroger is just seeing its returns diminish somewhat,” he added. “And others that are in the earlier age of the cycle are realizing a greater lift.” “I hate to say it but they’re kind of a victim of their own success,” added Diana Sheehan, director of insights at Kantar Retail. “A year ago they were significantly outperforming the competitors that are now outperforming them. That’s in part because as you have a killer quarter it’s hard to rebound and surpass that. But you saw Walmart address the issues its shoppers had with customer service. You’ve seen Aldi doing a pretty good job in fresh. It’s really an interesting dynamic. I don’t think Kroger needs to reinvent itself, but they need to look around and find out where is the next place they need to innovate.” Kroger said a combination of factors played into results — chiefly, the effects of deflation, but officials also cited competition and internal factors. For example, the brisk pace of store renovations and relocations took 35 stores out of the base of at least one-year-old stores that are measured to calculate comps, resulting in a 70-basis point hit. Kroger did about twice as many store renovation projects in 2016 than it did two years ago, McMullen said. Price competition was a concern “in some pockets,” McMullen acknowledged, but also said that was normal. He added that comp sales among Kroger’s loyal households gained slightly during the quarter, “so it's really the customer that’s very loyal to us is where we're seeing [effects of competition]. That would be [shoppers] more driven by value or on a budget, than mainstream customers that really value the experience and the freshness of our product and other aspects.”  Burt P. Flickinger III, managing director of Strategic Resource Group, New York, maintained that Kroger remained well positioned to regain its stride but did not have the benefit of industry events like the Haggen bankruptcy providing opportunity for share gain during the period. “They’re facing more All-Pro, A-level competition than they used to,” Flickinger told SN. “And less B, C, D, E and F.” TAGS: Marketing 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Sponsored Content The Next Wave of Private LabelFeb 22, 2017 Checking Out AutismFeb 08, 2017 The 2017 Top 75 — Sales OverviewJan 20, 2017 2016 SN Top 75 U.S. and Canadian Food Retailers and WholesalersJan 14, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
Home About/Contact US Privacy Policy Staff Daily Email Updates Headlines Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Investing Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Recent Posts Senior plc (SNR) Given “Neutral” Rating at JPMorgan Chase & Co. Barratt Developments Plc (BDEV) Receives Sell Rating from Liberum Capital WesBanco Inc (WSBC) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.26 on April 1st Research Frontiers, Inc. (REFR) Set to Announce Earnings on Wednesday 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.08 Per Share Goldman Sachs Group Inc Initiates Coverage on Infosys Ltd (INFY) Zacks Investment Research Downgrades Crocs, Inc. (CROX) to Strong Sell Orbital ATK, Inc. (OA) to Release Earnings on Wednesday Q1 2017 Earnings Estimate for Ferro Co. (FOE) Issued By Seaport Global Securities Allscripts Healthcare Solutions Inc (MDRX) Receives Consensus Recommendation of “Hold” from Analysts GlycoMimetics Inc (GLYC) Given Consensus Rating of “Buy” by Analysts The Chefs Warehouse, Inc (CHEF) Receives $14.75 Consensus Price Target from Brokerages PennyMac Financial Services Inc (PFSI) Given Consensus Recommendation of “Buy” by Analysts Hilton Worldwide Holdings Inc (HLT) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Hudbay Minerals Inc (hbm) to Issue Semiannual Dividend of $0.01 on March 31st Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Infinity Property and Casualty Corp. (IPCC) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th ITV plc (ITV) Receives Buy Rating from Shore Capital International Personal Finance Plc (IPF) Given Under Review Rating at Shore Capital Zacks Investment Research Lowers Spartan Motors Inc (SPAR) to Hold Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Position Decreased by MUFG Americas Holdings Corp Posted by William Strong on Mar 3rd, 2017 // No Comments Tweet MUFG Americas Holdings Corp cut its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 0.5% during the fourth quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The fund owned 127,011 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 685 shares during the period. MUFG Americas Holdings Corp’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $8,779,000 as of its most recent filing with the SEC. Several other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in the stock. Piershale Financial Group Inc. raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the last quarter. Vantage Investment Advisors LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the third quarter. Vantage Investment Advisors LLC now owns 2,118 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $153,000 after buying an additional 8 shares during the last quarter. WealthTrust Arizona LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.5% in the third quarter. WealthTrust Arizona LLC now owns 2,549 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $184,000 after buying an additional 13 shares during the last quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.4% in the third quarter. Wellington Shields & Co. LLC now owns 3,646 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $263,000 after buying an additional 15 shares during the last quarter. Finally, Blue Bell Private Wealth Management LLC raised its position in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.6% in the third quarter. Blue Bell Private Wealth Management LLC now owns 2,576 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $186,000 after buying an additional 16 shares during the last quarter. 29.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors and hedge funds. Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 70.76 on Friday. The company has a 50-day moving average price of $68.37 and a 200 day moving average price of $70.06. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 1-year low of $62.72 and a 1-year high of $75.19. The firm has a market capitalization of $216.88 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 16.16 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company had revenue of $129.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $130.22 billion. During the same period last year, the firm earned $1.49 EPS. The firm’s revenue for the quarter was up .8% on a year-over-year basis. Equities analysts anticipate that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. The company also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be given a dividend of $0.51 per share. This represents a $2.04 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.88%. The ex-dividend date is Wednesday, December 6th. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 43.48%. “Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Position Decreased by MUFG Americas Holdings Corp” was posted by Web Breaking News and is the property of of Web Breaking News. If you are reading this report on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of US and international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this report can be accessed at http://www.webbreakingnews.com/2017/03/03/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-position-decreased-by-mufg-americas-holdings-corp.html. A number of analysts recently weighed in on WMT shares. Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Saturday, November 19th. Piper Jaffray Companies restated a “neutral” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, December 28th. Susquehanna Bancshares Inc started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, February 10th. They issued a “positive” rating and a $80.00 price target on the stock. MKM Partners set a $72.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Saturday, February 18th. Finally, Sanford C. Bernstein set a $75.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Tuesday, February 21st. Six investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have given a hold rating and ten have given a buy rating to the stock. Wal-Mart Stores has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus price target of $74.60. In other news, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total transaction of $2,210,152.00. Following the transaction, the insider now directly owns 245,328 shares in the company, valued at approximately $16,760,808.96. The sale was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which can be accessed through the SEC website. Also, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of Wal-Mart Stores stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total value of $320,418,144.94. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at $476,044,833.20. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders have sold 12,617,391 shares of company stock worth $900,745,763. 51.55% of the stock is owned by insiders. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. « Previous Wetherby Asset Management Inc. Sells 236 Shares of QUALCOMM, Inc. (QCOM) Next » G4S (GFSZY) Given Consensus Rating of “Hold” by Analysts Latest News Nike Suspends Relationship with Maria Sharapova Rob Bironas Ex-Titans Kicker Dies in Car Crash Ron Washington Leaves Texas Rangers Due to an Affair Jonathan Dwyer Falls in Line with Other Banned NFL Players Tony Stewart Case Going to the Grand Jury Oscar Pistorius “Blade Runner” Found Not Guilty of Murder Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Name (Required) Mail (will not be published) (Required) Website   Home Arts Business Sports Leisure Health Technology Headlines Investing © 2006-2017 Web Breaking News.
WSJ WSJ LIVE WSJ Live on Facebook WSJ Live on Twitter MARKETWATCH MarketWatch on Facebook MarketWatch on Twitter BARRON'S <h4>Barrons on Facebook</h4><div style="border: none; padding: 2px 3px;" class="fb-like" data-href="http://www.facebook.com/barronsonline" data-send="false" data-layout="button_count" data-width="250" data-show-faces="false" data-action="recommend"></div> <h4>Barrons on Twitter</h4><a href="https://twitter.com/barronsonline" class="twitter-follow-button" data-show-count="true">Follow @barronsonline</a> DJX Product X on Facebook Product X on Twitter RT F R&C PE&VC WSJ B MORE Mansion Global WSJ Secure BigCharts Financial News Professor Journal Realtor.com Student Journal Virtual Stock Exchange WSJ Classifieds WSJ Classrooms WSJ Wine Search Asia Edition U.S. Edition   Subscribe Log In Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions New: Cartoons Daily All Coverage Barron's Take Weekday Trader Up & Down Wall St. Daily Getting Technical Striking Price Daily Wall Street's Best Minds Read This, Spike That Stocks to Watch Today Asia Stocks to Watch Income Investing Tech Trader Daily Focus on Funds Emerging Markets Q&A Video Center Investing Ideas Overview Barron's Picks & Pans Mutual Funds / ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Commodities Center Bonds Center Options Center Barron's Take Weekday Trader Stock Alert Inside Scoop Ahead of the Crowd Focus on Funds Stocks to Watch Today Barron's Roundtable Advisor Center Overview Top 100 Advisors Top 100 Women Advisors Top 100 Independent Advisors Top 1,200 Advisors Advisor Profiles Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Stock Grader Stock & Fund Tables Barron's 400 PENTA Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Barron's NEXT Hot Research Target: Five Reasons Not to Own the Stock For starters, the best-case scenario seems to be a return to modest same-store-sales growth. March 2, 2017 6:59 a.m. ET Target (TGT: NYSE) By Credit Suisse ($58.77, Feb. 28, 2017) Reset events in retail can often represent buying opportunities, but we believe it’s tough to make this call on Target. While the 2017 outlook looks conservative enough and the stock seems washed out, we see no positive catalyst. The industry is entering a price war, Target’s (ticker: TGT) high-cost remodel program is unlikely to yield a reasonable return, digital... Get The Full Story Subscribe   or   Log In Want to participate in the discussion? Already a subscriber? Log in for complete access. Powered by Livefyre Most Popular 1. Apple’s About to Get A Second Bite at the iPhone Subscriber Content Read Preview 2. JetBlue and Other Airlines Hurt after Delta Warning Subscriber Content Read Preview 3. Stocks are Overvalued Subscriber Content Read Preview 4. Snap’s Stock Price Could Be Cut in Half Subscriber Content Read Preview 5. Is India Lying About Its World Beating Economy? Subscriber Content Read Preview See Full List Latest Market Videos 1 Barron's Bounce: Snap, Range Resources, Xerox 2 Must-Know Credit Card Benefits 3 Four Tips for Tax Season Barron's Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feed AppStore Google Play Return to Top« Customer Service Customer Center Contact Us Live Help Refer Your Friends to Barron's and Get Rewarded. Learn More Create an Account Subscribe to Barron's Magazine Subscribers: Activate Your Digital Access About Barrons.com Advertising Masthead Privacy Policy Updated Cookie Policy Data Policy Copyright Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Community Guidelines Also From Barron's Conferences Reprints Classifieds College Program Find a Broker Barron's in Japanese Tools & Services Mobile Site Email Newsletters Barron's on iPad/iPhone Barron's on Android Watchlist Video Annual Reports StockGrader Barron's 400 Economic Calendar Stock & Mutual Fund Listings Commodities, Options & Annuities Listings Fund Prospectuses ACAP Enabled Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies TV Politics Business MWC 2017     Nintendo Switch Is On Sale Online Posted: Mar 3 2017, 1:20pm CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     As of midnight Eastern, the new $299.99 Nintendo Switch is on sale at online stores. Updated. The new Nintendo Switch has launched. While select retailers host midnight launches at their stores, the Nintendo Switch is also on sale now online. At midnight Eastern we have spotted the Nintendo Switch on sale for $299 at walmart.com.  Don't Miss: Today's Electronics Bargains at Woot.com Updates: 14:15am ET: Our internal tracking shows that Amazon.com has been selling the $299.99 Nintendo Swift Neon in the past hour for a couple of minutes. Right now it is sold out again. 14:00am ET: Walmart is back this afternoon selling the Switch online at Walmart.com, like they did in the early morning. As always buyers can use zoolert or NowInstock to get notified when the Switch is available online. Find the details below. There is no other way to score a Swift online as the inventories sell out in less than a minute. 12:30am ET: ToysRUs stores will have the Nintendo Switch in stock on Sunday. 11:30am ET:  ToysRUs and Jet.com have started to sell the Nintendo Switch online. As always buyers can use zoolert or NowInstock to get notified when the Switch is available online. Find the details below. 10:15am ET: Best Buy started to sell the $299.99 Nintendo Switch online at Bestbuy.com. 10:00am ET: The Nintendo Switch is available today at all Amazon Books stores. The Dedham, MA, store opens at 10am ET. Amazon said on Twitter this morning that there will be limited supply. Find all Amazon Books stores locations on amazon.com. 8:23am ET: Walmart.com has again sold the Nintendo Switch online. Right now keeping an eye on walmart.com is the best option to buy a Nintendo Switch online. As always buyers can use zoolert or NowInstock to get notified when the Switch is available online. Find the details below. The reseller prices of the Nintendo Switch are settling in at $400 to $450 on amazon.com. 4:30am ET: Walmart has offered both Nintendo Switch consoles again online at walmart.com between 4am and 4:30am ET. Inventories sold out in minutes. 3:30am ET: Amazon Tweets that the Nintendo Switch is available on Amazon Prime Now in select cities: LA, San Diego, Virginia Beach, Portland, and Las Vegas. If the Switch will be also on sale on amazon.com today is not clear yet. We caught a snapshot of the Nintendo Switch on Amazon Prime Now in San Diego: Amazon has sold the Switch through Amazon Prime Now earlier in Nashville, Austin, Dallas, Houston, and San Antonio. We assume that Amazon will make the Switch available through Prime Now in other cities throughout Friday morning. Getting the Nintendo Switch with Amazon Prime Now is instant gratification as Amazon delivers the new console to you in 2 hours after ordering for free. 1:15am ET: The Nintendo Switch Bundles at GameStop.com are on sale now online, selling out fast. 12:10am ET: The Nintendo Switch sale online at walmart.com lasted for 5 minutes. At this point it is not clear if Walmart will have more Switch inventory online on Friday. We expect Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop, Target and ToysRUs to release the Nintendo Switch online at midnight Pacific. Best Buy and Target have marked their Switch listings with coming soon. GameStop is listing several Nintendo Switch bundles, that are likely to be available online starting early Friday morning. Where to Buy the Nintendo Switch Online Amazon  Best Buy  GameStop  Target  ToysRUs The initial online pre-order of the Nintendo Switch has sold out and launch day is the best option to get a Switch in stores or online. Nintendo lists six official stores that sell the Nintendo Switch including Amazon, Best Buy, GameStop, Walmart, ToysRUs and Target. Other stores have also listed the Switch including NewEgg, Fry's, BHPPhotoVideo and Nintendo's own store. We expect the Switch to be sold out after Friday and go down a similar route as other successful Nintendo consoles before. The Wii was a hard to find console and the surprise NES Classic hit is still very hard to find, months after its release. The Nintendo Switch is expected to sell out on launch day and will be hard to find for weeks or even months after launch. Resellers are already preparing to snag up as many Switch consoles to resell them on eBay. Resellers have not yet settled on a profit margin as it is not clear yet how hard the Switch will be to find on launch day. The listings prices are all over the place, ranging from $400 to $1,000. We already received a Nintendo Switch on Thursday that we are giving away. Enter the I4U News Nintendo Switch Giveaway now to get a chance to win a free Nintendo Switch. Nintendo said to ship 2 million Switch consoles in March. The 2 million are for the global market. We believe the number is too low and finding Nintendo Switch in stock after the initial launch batch sells out will be very difficult for an extended time. The $59.99 NES Classic continues to be in extreme short supply and Nintendo is unable to ship a significant resupply to resellers in weeks. Nintendo sold through 1.5 million NES Classic consoles and the demand is by far not satisfied. It might take Nintendo until Fall to make enough Switch consoles to satisfy demand. The Switch will be one of the most popular Holiday gifts for the Holiday shopping season 2017.  For video game fans who have not pre-ordered a Switch yet, there are still chances on launch day. There have been midnight launches for the Nintendo Switch at several retailers. The online availability of the Switch is expected to be very limited on launch day. How to Find a Nintendo Switch in stock online To track online inventory and get alerts, shoppers can use zoolert and NowInStock. Both inventory tracker have already setup the Nintendo Switch trackers. We also recommend to use the Chrome browser extension Page Monitor Pro to monitor Nintendo Switch product pages in the hours ahead of the release. How to Find a Nintendo Switch in stock in stores Once the Switch is released, consumers can use BrickSeek to try to find a Switch in stock at Walmart Stores and Target Stores. The Target DPCI for the Nintendo Switch console with neon blue and neon red Joy-Con is 207-29-1001. The DPCI for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 207-29-1000. The Walmart SKU number for the Nintendo Switch with grey Joy-Con is 52901821. The Walmart SKU for the Nintendo Switch with neon blue and new red Joy-Con is 52901822. We will provide continues updates about the availability of the Nintendo Switch. The Nintendo Switch is a completely new video game concept. It's mobile console first with removable small controllers. The mobile unit with display rest in a Nintendo Switch console connected to your TV. The mobile unit slides inside the Switch docking station, where it also gets charged. The small controllers that are detachable from the mobile unit also slide onto a home controller. A new Zelda game will be amongst the launch titles for the new Nintendo Switch, formerly known as Nintendo NX. The Nintendo Switch games sell for $59.99 like the games for the PS4 and Xbox One. The announced Nintendo Switch game line-up includes Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild. Nintendo killed region locking on the Nintendo Switch. Any game sold in any region will be playable on the Nintendo Switch. The system will include the main console, Joy-Con (L) and Joy-Con (R) controllers, a Joy-Con grip (to which two Joy-Con are attached and used as one controller), a set of Joy-Con wrist straps, a Nintendo Switch dock (which holds the main console and connects it to a TV), an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Two stylish versions of the system will be released: a version with a set of gray Joy-Con, and a version with one neon blue and one neon red Joy-Con. Both versions will be the same price. Win a new Nintendo Switch and a Nintendo NES Classic in two exclusive I4U News Giveaways. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nokia opens pre-orders for Nokia 3, Nokia 5, and Nokia 3310 14 hours ago, 11:43am CST Latest Live Images of Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked 15 hours ago, 11:11am CST Netflix Plans to Launch New Interactive Storytelling Technology to Allow Viewers Decide Fate of TV Dramas 20 hours ago, 6:07am CST Facebook Kicks off "Small Test" for Messenger Reactions 21 hours ago, 5:32am CST Amazon Tipped to be Working on a Alexa device that Connects Users 21 hours ago, 5:17am CST NOAA Goes-16 Satellite Sends First Images of Lightning from Space 2 hours ago Mars May Have Been Wetter Than Previously Thought 4 hours ago First Photos of Lin Manuel Miranda on the Set of Mary Poppins 5 hours ago You Feel Lonely Because of Spending Too Much Time on Social Media 5 hours ago iHeartRadio Music Awards: All You Need to Know 5 hours ago Will Gray Goo Cause The End of Civilization? 8 hours ago California’s San Joaquin Valley is Sinking at an Alarming Rate 13 hours ago, 12:46pm CST What is ASMR? Explanations, Examples, and The Science Behind the 13 hours ago, 12:38pm CST iPhone 8 to enter mass production this September 15 hours ago, 11:32am CST Nintendo Switch Goes Through An iFixit Teardown 15 hours ago, 11:22am CST Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted Featured News Nintendo Switch is On Sale Online Bees Learn to Play Football   Porsche Panamera Sport Turismo Debuts at Geneva Motor Show 2017 NES Classic in Stock Updates on Nintendo Switch Launch Day Technology News Nokia opens pre-orders for Nokia 3, Nokia 5, and Nokia 3310 14 hours ago, 11:43am CST Latest Live Images of Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked 15 hours ago, 11:11am CST Netflix Plans to Launch New Interactive Storytelling Technology to Allow Viewers Decide Fate of TV Dramas 20 hours ago, 6:07am CST Facebook Kicks off "Small Test" for Messenger Reactions 21 hours ago, 5:32am CST More Technology News Stories Latest News NOAA Goes-16 Satellite Sends First Images of Lightning from Space 2 hours ago Mars May Have Been Wetter Than Previously Thought 4 hours ago First Photos of Lin Manuel Miranda on the Set of Mary Poppins 5 hours ago You Feel Lonely Because of Spending Too Much Time on Social Media 5 hours ago More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted The Latest ... Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending ... Nintendo Switch Giveaway Nintendo NES Classic Giveaway Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates Geneva Motor Show 2017 MWC 2017 E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries OurtownSylvania OurtownPerrysburg Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education The Blade Vault Weekly Ads Tuesday, Mar 07, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Retail Wal-Mart launching new comparison test in price war REUTERS Published on Feb. 28, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print A worker pushes shopping carts in front of a Wal-Mart store in La Habra, Calif. ASSOCIATED PRESS Enlarge BENTONVILLE, Ark. — Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is running a new price-comparison test in at least 1,200 U.S. stores and squeezing packaged goods suppliers in a bid to close a pricing gap with German-based discount grocery chain Aldi and other U.S. rivals like Kroger Co., according to four sources familiar with the moves. Wal-Mart launched a price test across 11 Midwest and Southeastern states such as Iowa, Illinois, and Florida, focusing on price competition in the grocery business that accounts for 56 percent of the company’s revenue, said vendor sources with direct knowledge of the matter who did not wish to be identified for fear of disrupting business relations with Wal-Mart. Wal-Mart’s tests are aimed at finding the right price point across a range of products that will attract more shoppers, and then adjusting prices as needed. Spot checks by Reuters on a basket of grocery items sold by competing Aldi and Wal-Mart stores in five Iowa and Illinois cities showed Wal-Mart’s bid to lower prices is already taking hold.  Wal-Mart consistently offered lower prices versus Aldi, an improvement over recent analyst estimates that Wal-Mart’s prices have been as much as 20 percent higher than Aldi on many grocery staples. The competition at these stores is intense, with both selling a dozen large eggs for less than a dollar. Related Items Wal-Mart Stores , Prices , aldi , kroger co. Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Chicago News Synagogue hate crime suspect an educated, suburban accountant Chicago News Monday marks 8 days without a fatal shooting in Chicago Chicago Trump’s revised travel ban still inspires protests in Chicago Chicago Chance the Rapper’s charity includes two Rahm Emanuel allies Business Man admits faking Heisman Trophy as part of $10M scam Books Please, date my husband, Chicago author with cancer writes Chicago News Kapos: Oakley visits Orr as team deals with surrounding violence Nation/World Supreme Court won’t rule on transgender bathroom rights case Chicago Man cleared of double murder takes cops, prosecutors to trial Chicago Gangs reap guns from trains in violent Chicago neighborhoods 56° News Trending Chicago Public Schools Crime Life on a Ledge News Home Sports Home Politics Home Entertainment Home Columnists Home Opinion Home Lifestyles Home Autos Obits Education Crime Business Chicago Transportation Sponsored Content News Chicago News 03/02/2017, 08:09pm Woman charged with fighting officer, Wal-Mart employees in Skokie Marie E. Roberge | Skokie police Sun-Times Wire email Sign-Up for our News & Politics Newsletter  Sign-Up A woman has been charged for fighting with two Wal-Mart employees and striking a police officer Thursday afternoon in north suburban Skokie. About 4:30 p.m., officers responded to Wal-Mart, 3626 Touhy Ave., for a call of a disturbance inside the store, according to Skokie police. Marie E. Roberge got into a physical altercation with a Wal-Mart employee when the store refused to cash her check, police said. Roberge then fought the employee, left the store and went inside a PNC Bank on the same block, police said. When officers entered the bank, a struggle ensued between Roberge, the officer and a Wal-Mart Loss Prevention Agent, police said. Roberge punched the officer in the face and also struck the agent. The officer was transported to a hospital for minor injuries and later released, police said. The store employees were treated on the scene by the Skokie Fire Department and released. Roberge was taken into custody and charged with two misdemeanor counts of battery and one felony count of aggravated battery to a police officer, police said. Roberge, 40, of Skokie, will remain in custody and appear in bond court Friday, police said. Charges are pending against a woman for fighting with two employees of Wal-Mart and striking a police officer on Thursday in north suburban Skokie. |Network Video Productions # Crime Marie E. Roberge Skokie Previously from Chicago News Gangs reap guns from trains in violent Chicago neighborhoods – Chicago Sun-Times Man cleared of double murder takes cops, prosecutors to trial – Chicago Sun-Times Please, date my husband, Chicago author with cancer writes – Chicago Sun-Times Synagogue hate crime suspect an educated, suburban accountant Stories from around the web you may like Currently Trending dear abby Dear Abby: Guy won't like me once he sees me chicago news Synagogue hate crime suspect an educated, suburban accountant chicago Gangs reap guns from trains in violent Chicago neighborhoods chicago Man cleared of double murder takes cops, prosecutors to trial – Chicago Sun-Times chicago news 9 children found living in squalor in Englewood home hospitalized CAPTION Post to Cancel
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get full access Home News Counties Sports Business Things to Do Dining Music Life Opinion Obituaries Archives Insider E-Edition USA TODAY Media Policing the USA Games Classifieds Jobs Local Public Notices USA TODAY NETWORK TPA Public Notices Homes Moonlighting More Home News Counties Sports Business Things to Do Dining Music Life Opinion Obituaries Archives Insider E-Edition USA TODAY Media Policing the USA Games Classifieds Jobs Local Public Notices USA TODAY NETWORK TPA Public Notices Homes Moonlighting Follow Search User Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 24 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Police investigate bomb threat against Mt. Juliet Walmart Police in Mt. Juliet are investigating after someone phoned in a bomb threat against a Walmart early Saturday afternoon. Post to Facebook Police investigate bomb threat against Mt. Juliet Walmart Police in Mt. Juliet are investigating after someone phoned in a bomb threat against a Walmart early Saturday afternoon.  Check out this story on Tennessean.com: http://tnne.ws/2lIT9tQ {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Police investigate bomb threat against Mt. Juliet Walmart Andy Humbles , USA Today Network - Tennessee Published 12:32 p.m. CT March 4, 2017 | Updated 2:18 p.m. CT March 4, 2017 Siren (Photo: File) 24 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Police in Mt. Juliet are investigating after someone phoned in a bomb threat against a Walmart there and demanded cash early Saturday afternoon. No injuries were reported in the incident but the store on Pleasant Grove Road was evacuated while officers and explosive detection dogs searched the premesis. The store was declared safe at about 1:40 p.m., police said in a press release later Saturday. Walmart management called police at about 12:20 p.m. to report the threat. Police and local fire crews responded to evacuate the store and secure the parking lot. The specially-trained dogs from the Lebanon Police Department’s Emergency Services Unit arrived a short time later. Detectives are working to track down the source of the call and find out who made it. Anyone with information about the incident is encouraged to call Mt. Juliet police at 615-754-2550. People can also give information by calling 615-754-TIPS (8477) or visiting the police department’s website. Read or Share this story: http://tnne.ws/2lIT9tQ TOP VIDEOS Maisy Stella plays before state Senate 0:39 Lt. Gov. Randy McNally remarks on the late Sen. Doug Henry 1:23 Senate pays tribute to Sen. Doug Henry 4:14 Previewing the Predators' final playoff push 0:25 Senator Douglas Henry - Tennessee Statesman 28:53 Camden Residents Speak About Landfill 1:52 Belmont women returning to NCAA Tournament 1:30 Zach Cunningham: Vanderbilt recruits can 'do something big' 0:52 Zach Cunningham: My talent has been overlooked 0:48 Pro-Trump rally held in Nashville 0:46
Home News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 StormTracker Family Safety Day Black History Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 StormTracker Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz The Big Game Tailgate Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners 63° F Overcast Hi: 71° F Lo: 59° F Today’s Weather Radar Forecast Closings 5 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic Nashville 2017 Tennessee’s Opioid Crisis News 2 StormTracker Family Safety Day Black History Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Featured: Academy Awards Jocques Clemmons Latest Headlines Jimmy Buffett launches Margaritaville retirement village Updated: 4 mins ago The first community will be built in Daytona Beach for “those looking to live the Margaritaville lifestyle as they grow older, but not up.” Pets of the Week for March 6, 2017 Updated: 12 mins ago Metro Animal Care and Control are also teaming up for a special adopt-a-thon this weekend. On Friday, March 10 and Saturday, March 11, the t… US moves parts of controversial missile defense to SKorea Updated: 39 mins ago For 1st time, Casey Anthony speaks about case Updated: 32 mins ago Police charge parents of child who reported overdose Updated: 57 mins ago Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras News 2 StormTracker Family Safety Day Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Current Conditions 63° F Overcast Feels Like: 63° F Wind: S 24 Humidity: 60% Dewpoint: 49° F Sunrise: 6:09 AM Sunset: 5:46 PM Nashville Weather Forecast Day Planner Radar Currently Sponsored by: Sports Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz The Big Game Tailgate Latest Headlines Iraq welcomes removal from revised US travel ban March 6, 2017 Iraq was among seven Muslim-majority countries whose nationals were temporarily banned from traveling to the United States in an earlier ord… Austin Peay coach Dave Loos speaks about his retirement March 6, 2017 Loos announced his retirement last week, but he’s making it official Monday with a media briefing at 11 a.m. Evening out: Keselowski wins Atlanta after Harvick miscue March 6, 2017 Vols Derek Barnett shines at NFL Combine March 5, 2017 Campbell’s late goal leads Blackhawks over Predators 5-3 March 5, 2017 Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners Search for: Search the site 63° F Overcast Hi: 71° F Lo: 59° F Mt. Juliet police investigate bomb threat made against Walmart WKRN web staff Published: March 4, 2017, 2:48 pm Updated: March 4, 2017, 3:43 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) (Courtesy: Twitter/ Mt. Juliet Police Department) MT. JULIET, Tenn. (WKRN) – Shoppers were forced to evacuate the Mt. Juliet Walmart Saturday morning after a caller made a bomb threat. It happened at the store located at 300 Pleasant Grove Road. According to Lt. Tyler Chandler, authorities were contacted by Walmart management at 12:20 a.m. They told officers someone called and said there was a bomb in the building beside the salon. The caller went on to demand money, saying the explosive device would go off if their request was denied. Managers immediately evacuated the store at the request of authorities. The Mt. Juliet Police Department then responded to the scene, along with the Wilson County Emergency Management Agency (WEMA) and the Mt. Juliet Fire Department. Officers also called the Lebanon Police Department Emergency Services Unit because of their K9s, which are trained to detect explosives. The K9s searched the building but nothing was found, so shoppers were allowed back inside around 1:40 p.m. Mt. Juliet police are now working to identify the person who called in the bomb threat. Anyone with information about the incident is urged to call Mt. Juliet police at 615-754-2550. Information can also be given anonymously by calling 615-754-TIPS (8477) or via the Mt. Juliet Police Department website at http://www.mjpd.org/ . Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Suspect wanted for using cloned credit card in Mt. Juliet Mt. Juliet police investigate phoned-in bomb threat at Gander Mountain 2 wanted for using credit card stolen from car in Mt. Juliet Murfreesboro Walmart evacuated after bomb threat Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WKRN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKRN.com © 2000 - 2017 wkrn.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Video Sports Traffic Community Station Twitter Facebook Contact Us Advertise History Jobs at WKRN Closings & Delays Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Certification Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Nexstar Media Group Distribution Partners Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
WTVF Traffic Weather All Sections News + Local Tennessee Kentucky U.S. NC5 Investigates Education School Patrol Medical Politics Entertainment Traffic + Sky5 HD Gas Prices TDOT Traffic Report Airport Weather + Radar 7-Day Forecast Weather Alerts Current Conditions Live Cameras School Closings Weather Team Weather Kids Weather Videos Video + Live Newscasts Watch 5+ Live CBSN Live Video YouTube Roku Sports + Titans Predators Commodores Volunteers Blue Raiders TSU Tigers Sounds Money + Consumer Reports Consumer Alert Shop Smart Life + Back to School Summer Heart Health Fall Black Friday Flu Season Healthy New Year Celebrate Tennessee Giving Back Talk of the Town + Recipes Extras Go Local Be Your Best Meet the Team NewsChannel5+ + Watch 5+ Live MorningLine OpenLine SportsLine Inside Politics Community Health Matters Countdown to Friday Fishin' Affliction The Income Guys Inside Workforce Development Issues of Faith LifeStyle with Denise Simons Medical Monday Mortgage Matters Out & About Today Panorama Pharmacist On Call The Plus Side of Nashville Retirement Report Ring of Faith ¿Que Pasa Nashville? SCORE on Business Southern Woods & Waters Titans Talk Words & Music Urban Outlook Photos + my5 Viewer Photos Weather Kids About Us + Contact Us Submit News Tips Contests TV Listings Team Bios Advertise with Us EEO Public File Report Closed Captioning Support Jobs Current 61° Cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: 65° LO: 41° HI: 65° LO: 37° HI: 71° LO: 39° Weather Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences Caller's Identity Sought In Walmart Bomb Threat 2:52 PM, Mar 4, 2017 5:16 PM, Mar 4, 2017 Share Article Previous Next Police in Mt. Juliet said they’re searching for a caller who phoned in a bomb threat at a local Walmart. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next MT. JULIET, Tenn. - Police in Mt. Juliet said they’re searching for a caller who phoned in a bomb threat at a local Walmart. The incident happened around 12:20 p.m. Saturday at the Walmart on Pleasant Grove Road. Authorities said they were notified about the call by management at the store. Police and fire crews responded to the scene immediately and secured the area. The store was safely evacuated while crews investigated, and the parking lot was secured. Through the investigation, officials learned the caller had also demanded cash. Explosive detection canines from Lebanon Police Department’s Emergency Services Unit assisted at the scene to ensure it was safe. The property was deemed safe around 1:40 p.m. Saturday. Officials said they’re hoping to discover the identity of the caller. Anyone with information on this incident has been asked to contact the Mt. Juliet Police Department at 615-754-2550. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story Man Cited For 'Obscene' Bumper Sticker Police in Nashville wrote a ticket to a driver for an "obscene bumper sticker." Republicans unveil bill to repeal Obamacare House Republicans introduced their bill to repeal Obamacare's individual mandate that also aims to maintain coverage for people… Tennessee Lawmaker Douglas Henry Dies At 90 Douglas Henry III, Tennessee's longest-serving lawmaker, has died. He was 90 years old. Officials Pay Tribute To Douglas Henry Tributes began pouring in Monday morning after longtime Tennessee lawmaker Douglas Henry III died at the age of 90.   Avian Influenza Found In Tenn. Chicken Flock A virus deadly to poultry has been found in Tennessee. Unrelated Deaths Of 2 Nurses Remain Unsolved Officials with the Metro Nashville Police Department have continued to investigate two separate and unrelated deaths involving nurses from… TBI ID's, Speaks With Passenger In Clemmons' Car Authorities have identified and spoken with the person who was in the passenger seat of Jocques Clemmons' car before he was fatally shot by a… Arrest Made In School Threat In Robertson County Officials have arrested an 18-year-old after an anonymous threat prompted the evacuation of three schools in Robertson County.  Micro Homes In Nashville Will Help Homeless Open Table Nashville has partnered with several other agencies to build nearly two dozen micro homes on a South Nashville church's property. News Sports Weather Traffic Talk of the Town NewsChannel 5+Support NewsChannel 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Team Bios About Us Contest Your Money As Seen on NC5 School Patrol TV Listings Laff Mobile Apps NewsChannel 5 iPhone iPad Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Home Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Weather Sports US/World National World Politics Live Better Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Weather Sponsor Have a great story? Send a tip! 208-528-NEWS Weather Sponsored By Local Idaho Falls Rexburg Pocatello Blackfoot Rigby St. Anthony Weather Sports US/World Idaho Utah Wyoming Montana National World Politics Live Better Feel Good Faith & Family East Idaho Eats Living the Wild Life Outdoors Health Money Local Business Lowest Gas Prices Business Cool Stuff Entertainment Technology Weird & Wacky Man arrested for felony burglary at Idaho Falls Wal-Mart Idaho Falls 2  Updated at 7:27 pm, January 21st, 2017 By: EastIdahoNews.com staff Share This Story We Matched Tyler J. Ker | Bonneville County Jail The following is a news release from the Idaho Falls Police Department. IDAHO FALLS — Authorities arrested 37‐year‐old Tyler J. Ker for felony burglary after police say he was caught stealing merchandise from Wal-Mart Thursday night. Ker of Shelley was booked into the Bonneville County Jail. According to reports, officers responded to Wal-Mart at 500 S. Utah Ave., for a theft in progress around 9:45 p.m. Ker and another unidentified individual had attempted to leave the store with a cart full of merchandise valued at $600. Both individuals fled from the store. Officers located Ker in the 400 block of South Utah Avenue. The second individual was not located. Ker was also arrested for unlawful possession of contraband in a correctional facility when he was found in possession of drug paraphernalia at the jail. NEVER MISS A STORY! CLICK HERE TO DOWNLOAD THE FREE EASTIDAHONEWS.COM APP EastIdahoNews.com staff Visit Stories Stories You May Be Interested In: Two men sentenced for raping teenage girls in Sugar City home 28 Feb 2017 Stephan Rockefeller, EastIdahoNews.com East Idaho Eats: Delightful gourmet sandwiches at Efresh 25 Feb 2017 Natalia Hepworth, EastIdahoNews.com Flood watch issued for eastern Idaho 2 Mar 2017 Nate Sunderland, EastIdahoNews.com Freddy’s Custard and Hamburgers opens today in Rexburg 28 Feb 2017 EastIdahoNews.com staff Zakkery His shirt tho Thexx Gotta catch ’em all! Images in the news Related Stories   Man arrested in connection to Brady’s fire that caused $120,000 in damage Man arrested in connection to Brady’s fire in Idaho Falls Toddler in critical condition after being stuck submerged SUV Republicans unveil bill to repeal and replace Obamacare No damage inside Brady’s after 2 trucks catch fire nearby Legendary rockers Korn coming to conquer Pocatello Have a tip? We want to hear it!Local news comes from local people! Tell us what’s going on in your area! Send a tip ABOUT US CONTACT US ADVERTISE WITH US JOBS OUR TEAM OUR ETHICS OUR PARTNERS TERMS OF USE COPYRIGHT CLAIM PROCEDURE PRIVACY STATEMENT © 2017, EastIdahoNews.com
Never miss a great news story! Get instant notifications from Economic Times AllowNot now You can switch off notifications anytime using browser settings. SECTIONS ET APPS ET Android AppET iPhone AppET iPad AppET Wealth Android AppET Blackberry AppET Nokia AppET Markets Android AppET Markets iPhone AppET Money Android App ENGLISH हिन्दीગુજરાતી SIGN-IN FOLLOW US FACEBOOKTWITTERYOUTUBELINKEDINGOOGLE PLUSRSS Internet LATEST NEWS NASA plans to create 'coolest spot in universe' North Korean missiles drill for strike on US bases: KCNA Maharashtra spent Rs 8 crore from contingency fund for publicity on PM's programmes LG Anil Baijal's address disappointing, hollow like AAP's performance: BJP West Bengal govt procured 7.52 lakh metric tonne of paddy till February 24: Jyotipriyo Mallick Microsoft doubles its bug bounty to $30,000 'Waste tomatoes can be used to make car tires' Azam Khan moves Supreme Court against bailable warrant in UP Jal Nigam case Home MarketsNewsIndustrySmall BizPoliticsWealthMFTech JobsOpinionBlogsNRIMagazinesSlideshowsET NOWET SpeedET Portfolio Tech Hardware Software Internet ITeS Do Big Stories ET Home›Tech›Internet 01:26 PM | 07 Marmarket stats SENSEX 28,982-65.90 NIFTY 50 8,940-23.45 GOLD (MCX) (Rs/10g.) 28,923-22.00 USD/INR 66.64-0.08 Portfolio Loading... Select Portfolio and Asset Combination for Display on Market Band Select Portfolio Select Asset Class Stocks MF ETF Show More CREATE PORTFOLIO ADD INVESTMENT Download ET MARKETS APP Get ET Markets in your own language DOWNLOAD THE APP NOW +91 CHOOSE LANGUAGE ENG ENG - English HIN - हिन्दी GUJ - ગુજરાતી MAR - मराठी BEN - বাংলা KAN - ಕನ್ನಡ ORI - ଓଡିଆ TEL - తెలుగు TAM - தமிழ் Sensex, Nifty50 turn rangebound; Infy, Tata Steel top losers Drag according to your convenience ET NOW RADIO ET NOW TIMES NOW Non-tech companies hacking consumer behavior patterns using Hackathons By Rajiv Singh, ET Bureau | Mar 05, 2017, 06.50 AM IST Post a Comment READ MORE ON » Transport Corporation | technology | Sunday ET | silicon valley | productivity | Mark Zuckerberg | Facebook RELATED COMPANIES EXPAND ADD TO Portfolio Watchlist OUTLOOK? +ve -ve Transport Corporatio... x Loading data... ChartsValuation & Peer ComparisonCommunity Buzz Close ✕ Assembly Elections 2017: Is Modi on a road to nowhere in Uttar Pradesh? In January last year, Mark Zuckerberg gathered a couple of hundred Facebook engineers for a much vaunted fiftieth hackathon. As helium balloons spelling HACK 50 danced in the air at the Menlo Park headquarters, they slumped over their laptops for a backbreaking 24 hours as they tried to put dazzling ideas into a workable code. Hackathons are the lifeblood of technology companies. Twitter was cranked out at a "hack day". Facebook dreamed up Chat and Post and Safety Check at hackathons. But these marathons for programmers are no longer the preserve of technology companies or of Silicon Valley. Anheuser-Busch InBev knew that neatly stacked Budweiser bottles and discounts aren't enough to bait lager lovers. Factors driving incremental volume are far more complex. Early this month in Bengaluru, the world's largest brewer hosted a hackathon on retail optimisation where it asked coders to create solutions to gauge return on investment and to capture changes in price promotional activities. The beer maker, as it turns out, is not the only non-technology company using geeks to decode consumer behaviour and hunt for retail solutions. Take Daimler India. The hackathon by the automaker in Bengaluru last October resulted in three innovative ideas: vehicle detection and traffic mapping, which included a prototype to help ambulances ease their way through traffic; a Skype-like, interactive, Android application for cars without internet for peer-to-peer video communication; and an app to tackle driver distraction. "The perception about hackathons has undergone a sea change in India," says Sachin Gupta, cofounder of HackerEarth, a Bengalurubased online platform for programmers, which conducted 18 hackathons in 2015. The number shot up to 30 in 2016. India, says Gupta, is slowly transforming into a hub of innovation. If, in the past decade, the country was largely seen as a back office for corporate giants from the West, now it is evolving into a product nation. And businesses need technology more than ever before to survive these changing times. Tech Interest One reason why hackathons are gaining acceptance among non-IT firms is the blurring line between technology and non-technology companies. From operations to human resources, from finance to sales, every division is either enabled by technology or fundamentally disrupted by it. "Every function of a business is being transformed by technology," says Gupta. Over the next decade, he says, a lot of companies will develop strong technological capabilities inhouse because tech is going to drive their business. This will require them not only to build strong technical teams but to also cultivate close relationships with the programmer community to foster innovation. This is what Exotel, a cloud telephony company that helps businesses communicate with customers efficiently over calls and texts, did through its hackathon on machine learning. For a company that claims to power over 3 million customer conversations every day and has processed 1.2 billion calls over the last five years, the challenge was to offer actionable analytics based on customer conversations. It was planning to build a system that could flag the sentiment of conversations as happy, sad, angry and neutral. "We wanted to see how some of the smartest engineering minds would approach this problem," says Shivakumar Ganesan, cofounder of Exotel. About 890 teams were given sample audio files and asked to use speech-recognition algorithms and machine learning to write code that would use the voice as an input and recognise the emotion behind it. The code would then be run across thousands of voice samples to choose the best model. "The winning hack was the one that came closest to detecting the sentiment of conversations," says Ganesan. Retail giant Walmart too is trying to figure out the dynamics of humanmachine interaction. In August 2016, Walmart Labs India, the tech arm of Walmart, conducted a hackathon in Bengaluru to crowdsource ideas in retail and understand customer analytics using machine learning. In a brief presented to coders, it pointed out the challenge: while customer transactions are both online and at physical stores, how can one get a single view of customer behaviour and transaction patterns? How can one leverage the latest techniques in machine learning and deep learning to provide insights to the marketing team? The solutions, the brief concluded, should be actionable, cross-channel, repeatable, scalable and reusable in other domains for maximum impact. Sreekumar Bahuleyan, senior director, human resources, Walmart Labs India, says: "Today, technology drives an incredible shift in customers' expectations and we have to build capabilities to meet them. One way to build those capabilities is through hackathons. They also create opportunities to reach out to developers across various communities. A recent trend that is emerging is that non-tech industries are exploring hackathons as a channel to crowdsource talent and ideas. Thought-provoking ideas get transformed into applications/products in a few days to a few weeks." Tech evangelists, however, are not surprised to see a metamorphosis in the nature of hackathons as diverse companies experiment with the idea. "Innovation is the oxygen for any company. A hackathon supplies that oxygen," says Shripati Acharya, managing partner at Prime Venture Partners, an earlystage investment fund in Bengaluru. Acharya points out three quick benefits: innovative ideas, low-cost solutions and the stoking of creative mindset. While ideas for new products can take months, hackathons fast-track the process. The cost advantage too is huge. During internal hackathons, says Acharya, employees step out of their normal roles to perform creative tasks. Public Service Too Even state governments are wracking the brains of engineers to find solutions to everyday problems. Take, for instance, Code for Karnataka. The IT department of the state government conducted a hackathon in December 2015 to explore mobile technology for better governance. One of the ideas emerging out of hackathon was mFIR, a mobile app that registers complaints at the site of an accident. The app sends notifications to the police by sharing the location so that they can reach the spot quickly. People present on the spot can also add images related to the accident. Even local administrations are persuaded to use coders to solve real-life challenges. Urban Hack was the first ever smart city hackathon in India by the Bangalore City Police and the Metropolitan Transport Corporation in October 2015. The challenge for the police and the local administration was manifold: growing traffic, declining public safety, increasing commuting time resulting in loss of productivity and rising crimes. The hack proved to be a blessing. SatarkApp, one of the solutions by coders, addressed the issue of personal safety and reporting of crime. Tag Car, a road traffic management system based on IOT (internet of things), used unique RFID (radio frequency tags identification) to track vehicles in real time and helped in spotting traffic violations, rerouting traffic, tracking lost cars and suggesting green corridors for emergency vehicles. Zuckerberg is not alone. His grey tees and helium balloons may be missing, but many are hacking their way to a better future. Stay on top of business news with The Economic Times App. Download it Now! DON'T MISSany stories, follow ET Tech on TwitterFollow FROM AROUND THE WEB Top 10 most searched Bollywood actresses on the internet CRITICSUNION 20 Richest Actors of the World MediaZoma Top 13 vacation destinations in the U.S.A Viral Vacation IdeasMORE FROM ECONOMIC TIMES Delhi economy booms, per capita income rises Scooter's back, with new hero on road Real Estate READ MORE ON » Transport Corporation | technology | Sunday ET | silicon valley | productivity | Mark Zuckerberg | Facebook To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network or Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Have something to say? Post your comment To post this comment you must Log In/Connect with:Indiatimes Network Fill in your details: Will be displayed Will not be displayed Will be displayed Share this Comment:Post to Twitter Most Read Most Shared Most Commented Mid-level employees in Indian IT sector facing an uncertain future Trai looking to provide high-speed internet at 2 paise per MB by easing access to Wi-Fi Angry with poor pay hike and lack of growth, Indian techies push government to make resigning easier Netflix to invest in several avenues to expand its presence in India Tech Mahindra to buy US healthcare provider valued at $110 million More » Get a Quote Browse CompaniesABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ|123456789 Browse Mutual FundsABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRSTUVWXYZ The Economic Times Live Market News Portfolio Mobile Live TV Newsletter Commodities Speed QnA Blogs Alerts RSS Other Times Group news sitesTimes of India|इकनॉमिक टाइम्स ઈકોનોમિક ટાઈમ્સ|Mumbai Mirror Times Now|Indiatimes नवभारत टाइम्स|महाराष्ट्र टाइम्स ವಿಜಯ ಕರ್ನಾಟಕ|Lifehacker Gizmodo|Eisamay|IGN India NavGujarat Samay Living and entertainmentTimescity|iDiva|Zoom| Luxpresso|Gaana|Happytrips| Cricbuzz|Get Smartapp Networkingitimes|MensXP.com Hot on the WebLive:Assembly Elections 2017|Punjab & Goa Election 2017 Income Tax calculator|Income Tax Slabs Sensex|Elections 2017 Gold rate today Servicesads2book|Gadgetsnow|Free Business Listings Simplymarry|Astrospeak|Timesjobs|Magicbricks|Zigwheels|Timesdeal| dineout|Filmipop|Remit2india|Gaana|Greetzap|Techradar|Alivear| Google Play | Manage Notifications About us/Advertise with us/Terms of Use & Grievance Redressal/Privacy Policy/Feedback/Sitemap/Code of Ethics//Disclaimer Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. BACK TO TOP Digg Google Bookmarks StumbleUpon Reddit Newsvine Live Bookmarks Technorati Yahoo Bookmarks Blogmarks Del.icio.us ApnaCircle Mail This Article My Saved ArticlesSign inSign up Find this comment offensive? Choose your reason below and click on the Report button. This will alert our moderators to take actionName Reason for reporting:Foul languageSlanderousInciting hatred against a certain communityOthers Your Reason has been Reported to the admin.
Premium News Sport Business Money Opinion Obituaries Travel Tech & Science Culture Film TV Lifestyle Fashion Luxury Cars Video Free Mobile App Jobs Financial Services Rewards Events Dating Offers Shop Garden Shop Bookshop Box Office Puzzles Fantasy Football Wine Shop Work at The Telegraph Log out My Account Subscribe Rewards Video Login Register Subscribe Rewards Video Log out Rewards My Account Video Home News Sport Business ALL SECTIONS Business Economy Companies Opinion Markets A-Z Alex Telegraph Connect Events More Telegraph Business Questor: Morrisons’ back-to-basics success reflected in its growing share price Shopping trolleys are stacked in the car park of a Morrisons supermarket store in Croydon Credit: REUTERS/Luke MacGregor James Ashton 4 March 2017 • 5:43pm Questor says: Buy The drive from Leeds to Bradford is barely 11 miles, but the West Yorkshire cities’ best-known retailers have been light years apart lately. Leeds-based Asda might belong to the Walmart empire but 10 consecutive quarters of falling sales illustrate that the original deep discounter is suffering at the hands of its rivals. The suspicion is that the Waltons of Arkansas are too focused on extracting a large dividend from Asda each year instead of investing to keep pace in the UK’s cut-throat supermarket sector. Over in Bradford, Morrisons had its identity crisis early. Spooked by the heavy price tackling of Aldi and Lidl in its heartland rugby league country, it came over all metropolitan. But the days of mist wafting over the in-store vegetables and other questionable innovations are long gone. The resumption of quarterly sales growth a year ago – after four years of decline – showed the benefits of no-nonsense northern retailing and must have gladdened the heart of life president Sir Ken Morrison before he died a month ago. The question is: what next for the revolution being led by Tesco veteran David Potts? Transfer your Isa to Telegraph Investor and get up to £500 cashback. Cashback depends on the transfer value see Terms for details. Your capital is at risk. Whilst transfer is in progress you will be unable to trade. A strong Christmas trading update, reporting like-for-like sales growth excluding fuel of 2.9pc, sent hopes high that Morrisons will deliver more good news with its preliminary results this Thursday. Those January numbers prompted analysts at JP Morgan Cazenove to mark up earnings forecasts for this year by 10pc and margin assumptions by 20 basis points. A general view of products and price displays inside Rochdale's Morrisons supermarket Credit: Christopher Furlong/Getty Images Stores have been decluttered, a catch-up refurbishment programme is taking place and more than half of shoppers’ baskets contain at least one item from its new “Best” range. There is scope for Morrisons to set new targets for free cash and cost savings. More than £1bn has been squeezed from the cost base in three years and there is more to be done in areas of product ordering, distribution and in-store administration. In addition, the retailer owns 80pc of its property freeholds and has been judiciously trimming the portfolio. Latest reports were that £850m had been raised from property sales, with £1.1bn targeted in the medium term. Such progress should have all eyes trained on the balance sheet. Net debt will have dropped by more than £500m to £1.2bn in the year just ended, with guidance that it will go below £1bn in the current year. The enterprise value-to-revenue multiple is an undemanding 0.4 times and gives Potts options. Consolidation has swept the sector – but not in the way many supermarket watchers would have predicted a few years ago. By acquiring Argos, Sainsbury’s drove deep into non-foods and online trading. Tesco chose a different route when it snapped up Booker in January, diversifying into wholesale food supply to convenience stores and restaurants as well as adding corner shop brands Budgens and Londis to its empire. Don’t expect a big deal from Morrisons, though. In time, a special dividend or buyback programme is more likely. Tesco boss Dave Lewis Credit: REUTERS/Toby Melville So far its wholesaling efforts have been less risky, offering its fresh and frozen food through Amazon. It is also reviving the Safeway brand for a range of groceries it intends to sell through independent shops as Potts tries to squeeze more value from its supply chain. Morrisons has 16 factories and is the second-biggest food manufacturer in the country. For that reason, it might fare better than most if dark clouds mass over the industry later this year. Inflation caused in part by commodity price hikes threatens to crimp consumers’ free spending. Retailers may struggle to pass on price rises – or be simply unwilling, as Tesco’s recent Marmite wars showed. Some 25pc of Morrisons’ sales are internally sourced, meaning the fight over what to charge at the till is often an internal one. Choose Telegraph Investor for fast, efficient online dealing in ISAs, SIPPS and Trading accounts.  Capital at risk For the current year, house broker Jefferies Hoare Govett has pencilled in like-for-like sales growth of 1.5pc, earnings per share growth of 12pc and free cash in excess of £400m. The shares are up nearly a quarter since Potts’ appointment was announced two years ago. Questor has tracked Morrisons’ shares higher over the last few months, recommending readers buy at 217p in November and again at 240.9p in January. Trading at 20 times this year’s forecast earnings, there is more to come. Buy. Follow Telegraph Business READ MORE ABOUT: Supermarkets Morrisons Lidl Tesco plc Amazon Show more Business latest 07 Mar 2017, 9:12am Live Pound drops to seven-week low and European shares slip after German factory orders suffer worst month since financial crisis 07 Mar 2017, 9:01am Switch is 'fastest-selling console in Nintendo's history' 01:39 07 Mar 2017, 7:36am When is the Budget? Predictions and what we can expect from Philip Hammond's speech 07 Mar 2017, 6:58am Questor: this 7.2pc yield is not all that it seems – beware the Game Digital value trap  Premium 07 Mar 2017, 12:01am GDP is not enough: economists and businesses demand new measure of inclusive growth 07 Mar 2017, 12:01am Consumer boom at an end as prices rise and shoppers cut back  07 Mar 2017, 12:01am North Sea 'urgently needs fresh capital' before 2020 cliff edge 06 Mar 2017, 10:21pm BGL chief relaxed on float after year's record start 06 Mar 2017, 9:25pm Comment: Curbing food waste saves money, as well as the planet Dave Lewis Premium 06 Mar 2017, 8:57pm Comment: Aberdeen and Standard Life spread Scotch mist over deal Christopher Williams Premium 06 Mar 2017, 8:00pm Business rates 'winners' still losing due to inadequate Government scheme 06 Mar 2017, 6:58pm £11bn Standard Life and Aberdeen merger driven by weakness, analysts warn 06 Mar 2017, 6:44pm Smith & Nephew slashes chief's pay following investor revolt 06 Mar 2017, 6:35pm KPMG's UK boss Simon Collins loses out in race to become global chairman of accounting giant 06 Mar 2017, 5:42pm FTSE 100 falters and pound skids towards $1.22 as investors focus on flurry of M&A activity 06 Mar 2017, 5:32pm Apple loses battle to avoid UK import taxes on watch straps  06 Mar 2017, 5:14pm 'Hard' Brexit would be good news for Vauxhall 06 Mar 2017, 4:01pm Explorer Bowleven hopes oilfield deal will see off shareholder rebellion 06 Mar 2017, 3:55pm Dreams posts record results as it gears up for stock market listing 06 Mar 2017, 3:46pm Barratt sells £140m of London homes amid slowing sales in the capital 06 Mar 2017, 3:34pm British Land raises pay for parental leave to encourage women back to work If you would like to add a comment, please register or log in Register Log in Contact us Rewards Archive Reader Prints Advertising Syndication Guidelines Privacy Terms and Conditions Leave your feedback © Telegraph Media Group Limited 2017 Your support makes a big difference In order to bring you award-winning content and investigative journalism from your favourite writers, we rely on revenue generated by advertising. Please consider supporting us by turning off your ad blocker. Just a couple of clicks will make a big difference. Thank you. Need help? Click here for instructions Close
ALERT: Fire in eastern Logan County forces evacuations Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- March 4 - March 7 Posted:   03/04/2017 07:02:25 AM MST Today, March 4 Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Light of the Plains Christian Motorcycle Association — 9 a.m., Logan County Chamber of Commerce, 109 N. Front St. Family Fun Saturday — 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., Overland Trail Museum. Theme: Gob's O' Green." Free for ages 12 and under, adult admission $3. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. Support Our Troops Chili Cook-Off and Salsa Tasting — 6 to 8 p.m., Sterling Masonic Center, 198 Springdale Dr. Set up 5 p.m., open to public 6 p.m., judging begins 7 p.m. Cost $10 per entry. Proceeds go to the Wounded Warrior Project and American Legion Local Veterans Assistance. Information: Jerry Wardrip 522-0244, Talbert Bowen 580-2179, Cecil Souders 520-4179. 'God's Not Dead 2' Showing — 6:30 p.m., 12527 C.R. 37. Admission: Free will offering to benefit summer camp scholarships. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m. FM Country. Cost is $7. Everyone is welcome. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Advertisement Sunday, March 5 Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Monday, March 6 SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Senior Citizen's Club Business Meeting — 12:45 p.m., Heritage Center. Cards and Pool, Pinochle — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Crafty Characters — 3:30 to 5 p.m., Sterling Public Library. Theme: St. Patrick's Day. Circle of Parents in Recovery Group — 5 to 6 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Free childcare is provided. No enrollment requirement, join at any time. Information: cleanslatemngr@frcsterling.org, 970-520-2939 or www.facebook.com/logancleanslate. RE-1 Valley School Board Workshop — 6 p.m., Sterling Middle School. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. TOPS: Take Off Pounds Sensibly — 7 p.m., VFW Hall, 803 Phelps St., 522-8396. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7:30 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Tuesday, March 7 Logan County Commission Meeting — 9 a.m., Courthouse, 2nd floor meeting room. Baby Story Time — 9:30 to 10 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages newborn to 18 months, with an adult. SilverSneakers Classic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Little Readers — 10:30 to 11:15 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages 3 to 5. Sterling Lions Club — Noon, Elks Club. Cross My Heart Ministries Brown Bag Bible Study — noon to 12:45 p.m., Rock Assembly of God, 916 S. 4th Ave. Geared for women who work outside the home and would like to attend during their lunch hour. Information: Call 526-2732 or e-mail crossmyheart@kci.net. Quilting Class - Aztec Trail — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. For the Ladies Movie Matinee 'Florence Foster Jenkins' — 2 p.m., Heritage Center. VFW Auxiliary — 2:30 p.m., Sterling VFW, 803 Phelps. Dementia Caregivers Group — 4 p.m., Sterling Public Library conference room. Call 970-392-9202 for more caregiver resources and information. Walk to End Alzheimer's Committee Meeting — 5 p.m., Sterling Public Library. Come join our efforts to end this disease! It is relentless, but we aren't! Call 970-392-9202 for more information on getting involved with the Alzheimer's Association's local efforts in Sterling. Weight Watchers — 5:15 p.m., Broadway Plaza, Suite 14. Connie, 522-0231. Sterling FFA Oyster Fry and Member Auction — serving starts at 5:30 p.m., auction at 6:30 p.m., Wally Post Gym, at SHS. Cost: $13 for adults, $8 for ages 5-14/seniors. Under the Umbrella of LCC Meal — 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., Prince of Peace Church, 201 Phelps St. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Knights of Columbus Bingo — 7 p.m., K of C Hall, 421 S. 11th Ave. Public welcome. Master Chorale — 7 p.m., Sterling High School choir room. For men and women who like to sing. Call 522-5742. Sterling Miniature Aircraft Association — 7 p.m., Sterling Aircraft Flying Field, corner of C.R. 38 and 39. Information: Philip Pollock 970-580-8803. Sterling Masonic Lodge Meeting — 7:30 p.m. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- March 6 - March 8 Today, March 6SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Senior Citizen's Club Business Meeting — 12:45 p.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Safe Sitter course teaches life skills Linda Hall inducted into CMEA Hall of Fame   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit Report: The Likelihood of a Tax Audit Reaches New Low 8 of the Richest Women in History 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market 10 Best Savings Account Promotions Available Now How to Choose a High-Yield Savings Account 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips Here’s How Often CD Rates Change Complete CD Tax Guide: From Death Taxes to Interest Income Taxes 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans 7 Best Home Improvement Loans Why Payday Loans Are Dangerous 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News How to Choose the Best Bonds for Your Financial Plan Valuation Grows to $33 Billion as Snap Inc. Begins Trading on NYSE 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News How Your Retirement Age Impacts Your Social Security Benefits 20 Unsettling Things You Need to Know About Social Security 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts Cashier’s Check vs. Money Order: Here’s the Difference How to Avoid Overdraft Fees 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News 5 VIP Private Banking Services You Never Knew Existed How to Stop a Bank Levy 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips The Top 10 Most Exclusive Black Cards You Don’t Know About How Credit Card Balance Transfers Work 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Follow @GOBankingRates About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Experts > Warren Buffett > 15 Stocks Warren Buffett Is Investing a Ton of Money In 15 Stocks Warren Buffett Is Investing a Ton of Money InThe Warren Buffett stock portfolio might provide clues about where to invest next. By Roger Wohlner | March 4, 2017 Previously 21 Ways the Rich Waste Their Money 1/16 Show Thumbnails Krista Kennell / Shutterstock.com Warren Buffett — perhaps the greatest investor of his or any other generation — is known for buying stocks and holding them for long periods of time through his firm, Berkshire Hathaway. Yet, it was recently announced that he has sold nearly all of his shares of Walmart. And last year, he exited his investment in AT&T. It was also recently announced that Buffett increased his shares of Apple and invested heavily in several airline stocks, including a new investment in Southwest Airlines. Previously, he largely shunned the airline industry. Here's a look at some stocks where Buffett has increased his investment in recent years, as well as a recap of some of the larger Berkshire Hathaway holdings. Looking over the list might help you decide where to invest in stocks during 2017. 2/16 Show Thumbnails pio3 / Shutterstock.com 1. Apple Berkshire Hathaway added to its Apple stake significantly in 2016. In the fourth quarter alone, it nearly quadrupled its shares of Apple. Apple continues to grow, and its products remain popular. The stock price is near its all-time high, buoyed in part by the company buying back shares of the stock, and by a steady dividend. Many mutual funds hold Apple stock. The company is setting records for unit sales of the iPhone. Although Apple continues as a leader in the tech space, a caution surrounds the continued pace of price appreciation, with the stock up more than 18 percent so far in 2017. 3/16 Show Thumbnails Lerner Vadim / Shutterstock.com 2. Delta Air Lines In mid-February, Berkshire Hathaway reported that it had amassed more shares of Delta Air Lines as part of a move to increase holdings in the airline industry. Berkshire Hathaway's investment in Delta was worth about $3 billion at the end of 2016. Delta had reported average annual earnings growth of more than 21 percent for the previous five years and a dividend yield of 1.47 percent, according to Morningstar. 4/16 Show Thumbnails Philip Pilosian / Shutterstock.com 3. United Continental Holdings Berkshire Hathaway reported holdings of about $2.1 billion of United Continental stock at the end of 2016. One of Buffett's best performing stocks of 2016, United Continental had reported average annual earnings growth of 13 percent for the previous five years. Over the past 12 months, the stock has traded in the range of $37.41 to $76.80 per share, with a recent close of $75.41. 5/16 Show Thumbnails Philip Pilosian / Shutterstock.com 4. American Airlines Berkshire Hathaway reported holdings of about $2.1 billion of American Airlines stock at the end of 2016. Like other carriers, American Airlines is constantly trying to innovate to gain an edge in a competitive industry. Recently, it unveiled Basic Economy fares in a handful of markets. 6/16 Show Thumbnails Chris Parypa Photography / Shutterstock.com 5. Southwest Airlines As part of an increase in airline holdings, Berkshire Hathaway reported a fourth-quarter 2016 purchase of $2 billion of stock in Southwest, a new position for Buffett. The stock posted a total return of 42.44 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24. That beat the Standard & Poor's 500 index (25.36 percent) and the average stock in Morningstar's airline group (24.53 percent). 7/16 Show Thumbnails Peter Braakmann / Shutterstock.com 6. Monsanto Berkshire Hathaway reported the purchase of about 8 million shares — worth more than $800 million — of Monsanto, a sustainable agriculture company. The stock posted a total return of 29.98 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24, beating the S&P 500 index (25.36 percent). 8/16 Show Thumbnails zhu difeng / Shutterstock.com 7. Sirius XM Berkshire Hathaway reported a $790 million purchase of shares of Sirius XM, a new position for Buffett in 2016. The stock posted a total return of 42.78 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24, beating the S&P 500 index (25.36 percent) but slightly below the average stock in Morningstar's broadcasting-radio group (41.34 percent). The company has a history of exceeding its earnings guidance. 9/16 Show Thumbnails JuliusKielaitis / Shutterstock.com 8. International Business Machines IBM is one of the largest investments in the Berkshire Hathaway portfolio, worth almost $15 billion as of the end of 2016. The stock posted a total return of 40.78 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24, beating the S&P 500 index (25.36 percent) and above the average stock in Morningstar's information technology services group (27.58 percent). In fact, IBM might be a great stock for you to consider purchasing — especially if you're new to investing. 10/16 Show Thumbnails Jonathan Weiss / Shutterstock.com 9. Phillips 66 Berkshire's stake in Phillips 66 was about $6.3 billion as of the end of 2016. The stock posted a total return of 1.85 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24, trailing the S&P 500 index (25.36 percent) and below the average stock in Morningstar's information oil and gas refining and marketing group (14.38 percent). Before you invest in Phillips 66, make sure you learn how to invest in oil stocks. 11/16 Show Thumbnails Sibuet Benjamin / Shutterstock.com 10. Kraft Heinz Kraft Heinz is Berkshire Hathaway's largest holding, worth nearly $30 billion as of the end of 2016. The stock posted a total return of 30.74 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24, trailing the S&P 500 index (25.36 percent) and above the average stock in Morningstar's information packaged goods group (16.76 percent). 12/16 Show Thumbnails Atstock Productions / Shutterstock.com 11. MasterCard Berkshire Hathaway's stake in MasterCard was more than $545 million at the end of 2016. The stock posted a total return of 29.36 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24, beating the S&P 500 index (25.36 percent) but trailing the average stock in Morningstar's credit services group (30.33 percent). Morningstar analysts feel the company has solidified its competitive position. They cite the company's network of global banks, merchants and cardholders as huge advantages. 13/16 Show Thumbnails Faiz Zaki / Shutterstock.com 12. Coca-Cola Berkshire Hathaway's stake in Coca-Cola was more than $16.7 billion at the end of 2016. The stock posted a total loss of 1.66 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24, trailing the S&P 500 index (25.36 percent) and the average stock in Morningstar's beverages-soft drinks group (3.22 percent). Morningstar analysts are optimistic about the company, citing its position as the leader in its segment as a factor in its ability to maintain a premium price. Morningstar also likes the opportunities for growth in emerging-market countries. 14/16 Show Thumbnails Peppinuzzo / Shutterstock.com 13. Wells Fargo Wells Fargo is a longtime Berkshire Hathaway holding that Buffett added to in 2015. Even in the wake of the fake account opening scandal last year, he has not liquidated any shares. Even with the scandal and its fallout, the stock's total return over the 12 months ending Feb. 24 was 24.62 percent, only slightly below that of the S&P 500 index at 25.36 percent. The total return was about half that of the average stock in Morningstar's bank group, however. According to the latest Morningstar analysis, "Wells Fargo's January business update confirmed our thesis that the impact of widespread sales fraud will be relatively short lived. Consumer checking account openings exceeded closings, deposit balances grew at a healthy rate during the ear, and reported customer satisfaction metrics are closing in on pre-scandal levels." 15/16 Show Thumbnails Andrey Arkusha / Shutterstock.com 14. Bank of New York Mellon Berkshire Hathaway's position in Bank of New York Mellon was worth just over $1 billion at the end of 2016. The stock posted a total return of 37.56 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24, beating the S&P 500 index (25.36 percent) and the average stock in Morningstar's asset management group (34.25 percent). Morningstar cites the "stickiness" of the firm's asset custody business and the leverage inherent in the firm's operations as reasons for optimism about the stock in the coming months. 16/16 Show Thumbnails iStock.com / Linda Parton 15. General Motors Berkshire Hathaway's stake in General Motors was worth around $1.8 billion at the end of 2016. The stock posted a total return of 33.22 percent over the 12 months ending Feb. 24, beating the S&P 500 index (25.36 percent) and the average stock in Morningstar's auto manufacturers group (20.96 percent). Morningstar analysts feel General Motors has tremendous earnings potential now that it can focus its U.S. marketing efforts on just four car brands instead of eight. Up Next: How to Make Your First Million the Warren Buffett Way Up Next Get the Royal Treatment at These Castle Hotels x Open a New Account Check Out the Next Article Get the Royal Treatment at These Castle Hotels Feel like a queen or king at these jaw-dropping castle hotels. Related Articles Warren Buffett’s Biggest Investing Mistake of 2015 Why Wells Fargo Is Warren Buffett’s Favorite Bank Warren Buffett’s Best Performing Stocks of 2015 Warren Buffett’s Biggest Stock Predictions People are Reading Today Sponsored Links by Zergnet Comments Back to Top follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Right Reserved. Newsletter Sign-up: × Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available.
View mobile site View mobile site Follow us on         Tulsa's 24-Hour News, Weather and Traffic Hi, (not you?) | Member Center | Sign Out Sign In | Register recent on-air advertisers Now Playing Now PlayingNews-Talk 740 KRMG Tulsa's 24-Hour News, ... Listen Live Search Home News Top Stories Oklahoma News US News World News Breaking News Text Alerts Weather 5-Day Forecast KRMG NexRad HD Radar Severe Weather Preparedness TAKE ACTION: Avoid illness during the summer heat Winter Weather Tips Severe Weather Text Alerts School/Business/Church Closings LIVE StormCenter Chase Cameras Traffic Accidents in Tulsa Current ODOT Construction Projects Traffic Cameras Find the lowest gas prices Accident Report Form Red Alert Traffic Notifications The KRMG Morning News Behind the Scenes Blog JAMIE DUPREE Jamie Dupree on Twitter Inside KRMG Air Staff Submit A News Tip KRMG Insider Newsletter Event Guide Community Page How To Advertise On KRMG Concerts Contact Us CoxHSHub.com Tulsa Live Events Union Football Shows KRMG Morning News Herman Cain Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity KRMG Evening News Clark Howard Kilmeade & Friends The Dana Show Chad Benson Show Wheels Car Care Show KRMG.com Presents Voices of Oklahoma Radio KRMG Ask the Experts Weekend The KRMG Gardening Show Contests The KRMG App KRMG TEXT ALERTS Breaking News Alerts Weather Alerts Red Alert Traffic - transitioning to app! 3 Big Things Home   >  News   >  Local Updated: 4:16 p.m. Thursday, March 2, 2017 | Posted: 8:00 p.m. Friday, March 3, 2017 Man attempts to snatch baby from mother's arms at Walmart He began a conversation and then grabbed at the child Related View Larger  Cleveland County Jail Eric Richardson Trump says Planned Parenthood can keep federal funding if it halts abortions House Republicans unveil plan to repeal and replace Obamacare Police investigate after infant found face down in dirty mop water Wife takes plea deal for killing husband and two sex partners he found on Craigslist Notorious 86-year-old jewelry thief misses court date, says health is to blame By Cox Media Group SHELBY, N.C. — Police arrested a man Wednesday who they said grabbed a baby at a North Carolina Walmart. Eric Richardson was arrested and charged Wednesday with one count of assault on a child under 12 years old. >> Read more trending news Mother Tiana Langer told WSOCTV that she had a bizarre encounter with Richardson on Tuesday at the Walmart on Dixon Boulevard in Shelby. "He said, 'How did you get that cutie?' and I just thought he was being friendly," Langer said. But that's when the conversation with Richardson got weird, according to Langer. "He started rubbing on her arm and then he pulled her arm and was like, 'Well you can come home with me,'" Langer said. "I didn't know what that's supposed to mean." Langer said she was able to walk away from Richardson, and that didn't see him again. Officers investigated and reviewed surveillance video at the Walmart, according to a police report. The documents showed Richardson was holding another child at the entrance of the Walmart, but that mother didn't seem concerned. The police report showed he left by himself. Richardson bonded out of jail Thursday. Eric Richardson charged with assault on a child under 12. He bonded out of jail this afternoon. @wsoctvpic.twitter.com/Bq3YItXFgF— Blake Hanson (@BlakeWSOC9) Eric Richardson charged with assault on a child under 12. He bonded out of jail this afternoon. @wsoctvpic.twitter.com/Bq3YItXFgF— Blake Hanson (@BlakeWSOC9) March 2, 2017 ">March 2, 2017 There are no comments yet. Be the first to post your thoughts. Sign in or register.     Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Trending News Police: Man says he stabbed mother to death because she is vampire, he is werewolf Trump says Planned Parenthood can keep federal funding if it halts abortions House Republicans unveil plan to repeal and replace Obamacare Police investigate after infant found face down in dirty mop water Wife takes plea deal for killing husband and two sex partners he found on Craigslist   News/Weather/Traffic News Weather Traffic Event Guide Events Follow and Share RSS Feeds Advertisers and Sponsors How to Advertise Recent on-air advertisers Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Tulsa Coupons Rare - America's News Feed About Us Contact Us Work With Us EEOC Statement Help Audio Help Video Help Search Help   © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group   View mobile site View mobile site Enterprise Feedback Management Survey Software Sign In / Register Sign in with your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign in with your email {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? {* /userInformationForm *} New User?Create a New Account Sign In / Register Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In / Register Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} You're Almost Done! Select a display name and password {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Create a New Account Select a display name and password Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent you a confirmation email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Close Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification To sign in you must verify your email address. Fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* resendVerification_emailAddress *} {* newPasswordFormButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in
ALERT: Fire in eastern Logan County forces evacuations Print   Email   Font Resize Community News Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- March 4 - March 7 Posted:   03/03/2017 07:06:45 AM MST Saturday, March 4 Recycling Collection — 8 to 11 a.m., southeast corner of Walmart parking lot. Collection includes: Plastic #1, plastic #2 natural (milk cartons), plastic #2 colored (detergent bottles, shampoo, etc.) and both aluminum and tin cans. No glass. Light of the Plains Christian Motorcycle Association — 9 a.m., Logan County Chamber of Commerce, 109 N. Front St. Family Fun Saturday — 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., Overland Trail Museum. Theme: Gob's O' Green." Free for ages 12 and under, adult admission $3. Narcotics Anonymous — 1:30 p.m., First Christian Church. Information: 970-520-1474. Support Our Troops Chili Cook-Off and Salsa Tasting — 6 to 8 p.m., Sterling Masonic Center, 198 Springdale Dr. Set up 5 p.m., open to public 6 p.m., judging begins 7 p.m. Cost $10 per entry. Proceeds go to the Wounded Warrior Project and American Legion Local Veterans Assistance. Information: Jerry Wardrip 522-0244, Talbert Bowen 580-2179, Cecil Souders 520-4179. 'God's Not Dead 2' Showing — 6:30 p.m., 12527 C.R. 37. Admission: Free will offering to benefit summer camp scholarships. Heritage Center Dance Group — 6:30 to 10 p.m. FM Country. Cost is $7. Everyone is welcome. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 9 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Advertisement Sunday, March 5 Zion Congregational Church Soup Kitchen — 11:30 a.m. to 1 p.m., 5th Street and Chestnut. Come to the back door and down the stairs. Free. Meals served to anyone who is hungry and in need of a hot meal. Monday, March 6 SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Senior Citizen's Club Business Meeting — 12:45 p.m., Heritage Center. Cards and Pool, Pinochle — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. Circle of Parents in Recovery Group — 5 to 6 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Free childcare is provided. No enrollment requirement, join at any time. Information: cleanslatemngr@frcsterling.org, 970-520-2939 or www.facebook.com/logancleanslate. RE-1 Valley School Board Workshop — 6 p.m., Sterling Middle School. Clean Slate Recovery Group — 6:30 to 7:30 p.m., 118 N. 2nd St. Open to anyone struggling with addiction. Information: Christie Orozco 970-526-6500, 970-520-2939 or csrecovery1028@gmail.com, Facebook or Twitter. TOPS: Take Off Pounds Sensibly — 7 p.m., VFW Hall, 803 Phelps St., 522-8396. Northern Lights Narcotics Anonymous — 7:30 p.m., 1325 N. 7th St. Tuesday, March 7 Logan County Commission Meeting — 9 a.m., Courthouse, 2nd floor meeting room. Baby Story Time — 9:30 to 10 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages newborn to 18 months, with an adult. SilverSneakers Classic — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Little Readers — 10:30 to 11:15 a.m., Sterling Public Library. Ages 3 to 5. Sterling Lions Club — Noon, Elks Club. Cross My Heart Ministries Brown Bag Bible Study — noon to 12:45 p.m., Rock Assembly of God, 916 S. 4th Ave. Geared for women who work outside the home and would like to attend during their lunch hour. Information: Call 526-2732 or e-mail crossmyheart@kci.net. Quilting Class - Aztec Trail — 1 p.m., Heritage Center. For the Ladies Movie Matinee 'Florence Foster Jenkins' — 2 p.m., Heritage Center. VFW Auxiliary — 2:30 p.m., Sterling VFW, 803 Phelps. Dementia Caregivers Group — 4 p.m., Sterling Public Library conference room. Call 970-392-9202 for more caregiver resources and information. Walk to End Alzheimer's Committee Meeting — 5 p.m., Sterling Public Library. Come join our efforts to end this disease! It is relentless, but we aren't! Call 970-392-9202 for more information on getting involved with the Alzheimer's Association's local efforts in Sterling. Weight Watchers — 5:15 p.m., Broadway Plaza, Suite 14. Connie, 522-0231. Sterling FFA Oyster Fry and Member Auction — serving starts at 5:30 p.m., auction at 6:30 p.m., Wally Post Gym, at SHS. Cost: $13 for adults, $8 for ages 5-14/seniors. Under the Umbrella of LCC Meal — 5:30 to 6:30 p.m., Prince of Peace Church, 201 Phelps St. Anyone in need of a meal is welcome. Knights of Columbus Bingo — 7 p.m., K of C Hall, 421 S. 11th Ave. Public welcome. Master Chorale — 7 p.m., Sterling High School choir room. For men and women who like to sing. Call 522-5742. Sterling Miniature Aircraft Association — 7 p.m., Sterling Aircraft Flying Field, corner of C.R. 38 and 39. Information: Philip Pollock 970-580-8803. Sterling Masonic Lodge Meeting — 7:30 p.m.   Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- March 6 - March 8 Today, March 6SilverSneakers Yoga — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Senior Citizen's Club Business Meeting — 12:45 p.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Safe Sitter course teaches life skills Linda Hall inducted into CMEA Hall of Fame   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Most Read Film TV Club Music Food Books Games Aux Video Store More Most Read The Brawny Man is now a Brawny Woman Most Read A.V. Club Most Read 1 Harry Potter And The Sorcerer's Store Posted Mar 6 Improve any novel by changing its second line to “And then the murders began” 2 Inquisition's Ominous Doctrines Of The Perpetual Mystical Macrocosm album cover Posted Mar 6 Metal music still has an unaddressed Nazi problem 3 Photo: Warner Bros. Posted Mar 7 King Kong goes to war in the Vietnam-themed monster mash Skull Island 4 Staying Alive Posted Feb 8 On with the worst: Movies with a zero-percent rating on Rotten Tomatoes Film TV Club Music Food Books Games Aux Store Newswire Features Reviews Videos Great Job, Internet! The Latest From Newswire (Photo: Getty Images/WireImages, Johnny Nunez) Luke Wilson and Tracy Morgan are The Shitheads Suicide Squad Margot Robbie to star in Marian, a movie about Robin Hood’s death The Latest From Features Photo: 20th Century Fox A cross on its side: Logan gets religion James Mercer (Photo: Nikki Fenix) The Shins’ James Mercer on drawing inspiration from skateboarding The Latest From Reviews B Photo: Warner Bros. King Kong goes to war in the Vietnam-themed monster mash Skull Island A- Photo: Libby McGuire Lyrical realism illuminates real immigration in the stunning Exit West The Latest From Videos George Saunders on casting his 166-narrator audiobook   Jen Kober loves fish food, but it’s not what you think   The Latest From Great Job, Internet! (Photo: Getty Images, Jack Brockway) / (Photo: Getty Images/AFP, Mandel Ngan) Let Twitter explain the difference between Obamacare and the GOP replacement Photo: Loganberry Books (Facebook) Here’s what a bookstore would look like with no male authors All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Facebook Twitter Tumblr Film TV Club Music Food Comedy Books Games Aux Video Store Newswire Great Job, Internet! Get The Latest AUX Newswire The Brawny Man is now a Brawny Woman By Marah Eakin@marahe Posted Mar 3, 2017 See all latest Hubba-hubba (Photo: Brawny) Hubba-hubba (Photo: Brawny) Share Tweet Share Tweet Wrap it up ladies, because we’ve finally accomplished it all: The Brawny Man is being turned into a Brawny Woman. As part of Georgia-Pacific’s #StrengthHasNoGender initiative, Wal-Mart will be selling special commemorative “Brawny Woman” 8-packs of paper towels all March, which just happens to be Women’s History Month. Pick some up to clean up all your kids’ kitchen messes, ladies! You’re doing the cleaning, after all, whether you’re on the label or not. And here’s hoping Wal-Mart has them on sale, since you’re going to need a deal, given that you’re making just $.79 for every male dollar, and your income will probably peak when you’re just 39. But it’s the little victories, right? Sales of the product—which, by the way, is owned by The Koch Brothers—will help fund a $75,000 donation Brawny is making to Girls Inc.’s SMART programming, which is a totally valid program meant to nurture girls interested in science, technology, engineering, and math. [via Real Simple] Submit your Newswire tips here. Share Tweet Filed Under: AUX, feminism, Brawny, The Brawny Man More Newswire Previous Newswire Damn, Tilda Swinton looks like a stunt double from Grumpy Old Men Next Newswire We hereby decree that Trump is a horrible speller WATCH VIDEO FROM THE A.V. CLUB Don't miss a story—follow The A.V. Club on: Can't see comments? Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Content continues below A.V. Club Most Read 1 Harry Potter And The Sorcerer's Store Posted Mar 6 Improve any novel by changing its second line to “And then the murders began” 2 Inquisition's Ominous Doctrines Of The Perpetual Mystical Macrocosm album cover Posted Mar 6 Metal music still has an unaddressed Nazi problem 3 Photo: Warner Bros. Posted Mar 7 King Kong goes to war in the Vietnam-themed monster mash Skull Island 4 Staying Alive Posted Feb 8 On with the worst: Movies with a zero-percent rating on Rotten Tomatoes More Newswire Luke Wilson and Tracy Morgan are The Shitheads Mar 6, 2017 8:56 PM Margot Robbie to star in Marian, a movie about Robin Hood’s death Mar 6, 2017 8:17 PM Los Angeles is getting its very own La La Land concert Mar 6, 2017 7:23 PM Future just made history on the Billboard charts Mar 6, 2017 7:05 PM Sign up for news Daily Newsletter Highlights from The A.V. Club What's On Tonight A daily update on the world of TV Submit Links and such All Recent Browse Our Features Coming Distractions Savage Love Contests RSS About Us Contact Advertise Jobs Privacy Policy The A.V. Club Store Our Partners Hitfix Mental Floss Oh My Rockness Uproxx Upworthy Vice © Copyright 2017 Onion Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Beaufort Securities Reaffirms “Speculative Buy” Rating for Amryt Pharma PLC (AMYT) Tritax Big Box REIT PLC (BBOX) Receives “Hold” Rating from Liberum Capital Deutsche Bank AG Boosts G4S plc (GFS) Price Target to GBX 230 Old Line Bancshares, Inc. (MD) (olbk) To Go Ex-Dividend on March 8th Pernix Therapeutics Holdings Inc (PTX) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday Savanna Energy Services Corp. (SVY) Scheduled to Post Earnings on Wednesday William Blair Analysts Increase Earnings Estimates for 3D Systems Co. (DDD) Carrols Restaurant Group, Inc. (TAST) PT Lowered to $17.00 United Continental Holdings Inc (UAL) Rating Reiterated by Sanford C. Bernstein Zacks Investment Research Downgrades CyberOptics Co. (CYBE) to Sell The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein PepsiCo, Inc. (PEP) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Sanford C. Bernstein Endeavour Silver Corp Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.01 Per Share (EXK) GCP Applied Technologies Inc. (GCP) Expected to Earn Q1 2017 Earnings of $0.29 Per Share Patheon NV (PTHN) Given Average Recommendation of “Buy” by Brokerages IMPINJ Inc (PI) Receives $33.86 Consensus Target Price from Brokerages Outfront Media Inc (OUT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.36 on March 31st Haverty Furniture Companies, Inc. (HVT) to Issue Quarterly Dividend of $0.12 on March 29th SEGRO plc (SGRO) Price Target Increased to GBX 500 by Analysts at HSBC Holdings plc Palo Alto Networks Inc (PANW) Downgraded to “Neutral” at Robert W. Baird Investors Buy Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) on Weakness After Insider Selling March 3rd, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Price Articles Tweet Traders bought shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) on weakness during trading hours on Friday following insider selling activity. $168.37 million flowed into the stock on the tick-up and $79.18 million flowed out of the stock on the tick-down, for a money net flow of $89.19 million into the stock. Of all companies tracked, Wal-Mart Stores had the 5th highest net in-flow for the day. Wal-Mart Stores traded down ($0.73) for the day and closed at $70.03Specifically, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Monday, February 27th. The stock was sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total value of $264,012,022.57. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at $756,408,072.73. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the stock in a transaction dated Thursday, January 5th. The shares were sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total value of $2,210,152.00. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 245,328 shares of the company’s stock, valued at $16,760,808.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Over the last quarter, insiders sold 12,617,391 shares of company stock valued at $900,745,763. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by company insiders. A number of equities research analysts have commented on the company. Instinet reiterated a “neutral” rating and issued a $81.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Tuesday, December 20th. Cowen and Company reiterated an “outperform” rating and issued a $83.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Vetr upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $73.85 price target for the company in a research note on Monday, December 19th. Goldman Sachs Group Inc set a $74.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “neutral” rating in a research note on Wednesday, February 22nd. Finally, Susquehanna Bancshares Inc assumed coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, February 10th. They issued a “positive” rating and a $80.00 price target for the company. Six research analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have issued a hold rating and ten have assigned a buy rating to the company. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $74.60. The stock has a market cap of $214.64 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 15.99 and a beta of 0.09. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $68.37 and its 200-day moving average is $70.06. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its quarterly earnings results on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company had revenue of $129.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $130.22 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the company posted $1.49 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. Analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. The firm also recently declared a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be paid a dividend of $0.51 per share. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a dividend yield of 2.91%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 6th. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio is presently 43.48%. Several hedge funds and other institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of the company. Patriot Financial Group Insurance Agency LLC acquired a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth $354,000. SNS Financial Group LLC raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 88.4% in the fourth quarter. SNS Financial Group LLC now owns 7,026 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $486,000 after buying an additional 3,297 shares in the last quarter. AE Wealth Management LLC acquired a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth $634,000. Miles Capital Inc. acquired a new position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the fourth quarter worth $220,000. Finally, Putnam Investments LLC raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 13.5% in the fourth quarter. Putnam Investments LLC now owns 1,392,372 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $96,241,000 after buying an additional 165,857 shares in the last quarter. 29.69% of the stock is currently owned by institutional investors. “Investors Buy Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) on Weakness After Insider Selling” was reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this story on another domain, it was illegally copied and republished in violation of international trademark & copyright laws. The correct version of this story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/03/03/investors-buy-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-on-weakness-after-insider-selling.html. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News New Travel Ban by President Trump Could be Announced Monday Hackers Accessed Private Email of Mike Pence While He Was Governor President Trump’s First Address Optimistic Trump Asking for Steep Increases in Spending for Military President Trump Wants the Largest Nuclear Arsenal © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Jump to navigation Listen Live News Talk Sports Traffic  WEATHER ALERT: Blowing snow advisory in central Sask. including Saskatoon. // READ MORE Nintendo Switch sells out in Saskatoon hours after launch Previous Article Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward  Next Article By JT Marshall March 3, 2017 - 4:46pm Dean Pasloski/Facebook Dean Pasloski, 42, poses with his new Nintendo Switch on release day March 3, 2017. Nintendo Switch flew off the shelves in Canada after its midnight release Friday. "I found out the Walmart had four left, so I rushed in my car to that location this morning," said Tyler Carr from Brooks, Alta. "When I got to Walmart, they sold the last two to me and another guy." Electronic stores in Saskatoon sold out by 2 p.m. Friday. Dean Pasloski, 42, pre-ordered his Nintendo Switch from the local Toys R Us. “I just went at like 1 p.m. – I’m too old to stand in line,” Pasloski said. The system hooks up to a console to play at home on a television, or can come out of the docking station for mobile gameplay. “I’m excited for being able to play on the go. For instance, while I’m at work – just don’t tell my boss!” Pasloski joked. The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild is the system’s flagship game. Other recognizable titles include 1-2-Switch, which comes with the console, and Just Dance 2017. "There are not a lot of games for this system yet," said tech expert Marc Saltzman. "Zelda is the best one so far." Mario Kart 8 Deluxe doesn't come out until April 28 and Super Mario Odyssey won't be available until December. – With files from 650 CKOM’s Daniella Ponticelli. Email jmarshall@rawlco.com Twitter @JTMarshallCKOM Share Twitter Facebook Google+ Reddit Forward Topics:  Local, Nintendo Join the Discussion 650 CKOM is happy to provide a forum for commenting and discussion. Please respect and abide by the house rules: Keep it clean, keep it civil, keep it truthful, stay on topic, be responsible, share your knowledge, and please suggest removal of comments that violate these standards. See full commenting rules. View the discussion thread. Listen live News Talk Sports Traffic Weather Search Local Provincial National International All Topics RSS Feeds The Brent Loucks Show 6:00am 8:30am Gormley 8:30am 12:30pm Saskatchewan Afternoon 1:00pm 3:00pm The Green Zone 3:00pm 6:00pm All Shows Schedule Podcasts On Demand Contests Events Adopt A Family Auction Insider The Green Zone Game Day with Wray Prime Time Sports Riders Local Provincial National Traffic Updates Highway Hotline Report a Pothole Latest Traffic Mar 06 Road Work For Monday Mar 03 Road Work For Friday Mar 02 Road Work For Thursday loading weather... © 650 CKOM . All Rights Reserved. Contact  //  Rss  //  Rules  //  ToS  //  Privacy
Sections Deseret NewsFamily Family Should parents buy their children a Nintendo Switch? By Herb ScribnerDeseret News@HerbScribner Published: March 3, 2017 1:50 p.m. Updated: yesterday 7 Comments 1 of 1 View 1 Item Koji Sasahara, AP FILE - In this Friday, Jan. 13, 2017, file photo, a model puts the controller onto the Nintendo Switch during a presentation event of the new Nintendo Switch in Tokyo. Nintendo’s new Switch device aims at video gamers who like to play both at home and on the road. It’s an impressive device, notwithstanding trade-offs in appealing to both. The bigger question is whether Nintendo will be able to deliver enough games to keep Switch users happy. (AP Photo/Koji Sasahara, File) Video game fans across the country lined up outside Target, Walmart and Gamestop today for one thing — the Nintendo Switch. But will families embrace the system? The new console, which launched Friday in stores nationwide, isn’t available online, which has forced people to head to their closest Best Buy or Target to pick up their system, USA Today reported. It’s also the reason so many people preordered the device, according to The Verge. You can find your own Nintendo Switch by contacting your local tech store. The system, which costs $299.99 on its own (there are bundles available), drew mixed reviews on Friday, according to The New York Times' roundup of critical reviews. For example, The Seattle Times said Nintendo “needs to make a hit” with the new console if it wants to rebound from previous failures with its Wii-U device. The system already finds itself in a corner, according to The Seattle Times, as it’s purely a gaming console without Netflix or app capabilities. It comes at a time when people find gaming in other places, like their mobile devices. After all, a survey from the NPD Group found that 63 percent of children play games on their phones rather than through PCs or video game consoles. That’s why Ian Sherr, a writer for the tech website CNet, isn’t sure whether his child will love the Nintendo Switch in the same way he enjoyed his own Nintendo system when he was young. Sherr wrote that he looks back fondly on the Nintendo Entertainment System, the Nintendo video game console that rose to popularity in the mid-1980s. (It’s so big today, in fact, Nintendo launched the Nintendo Classic console, a mini-version of the NES, to appease cult followers of the NES device.) Sherr said he played his original NES system for hours without end. Now, almost 30 years later, he has his own son. He’s worried his son won’t like the Nintendo console as much as Sherr enjoyed the NES. “I'm looking at the likely device my son might use when he's ready to start playing his own games in a few years,” Sherr wrote. There are some qualities of the Switch that excite Sherr, like the fact that it has some mobile-esque games included with the device. He’s just unsure if the Nintendo console has the staying power to hook his son, who’s still a few years away from gaming. Opinions aside, Nintendo has worked to make its new device family-friendly. According to the Phone Arena, the new Switch has an iOS and Android app that explains to parents standard behavior when it comes to letting their children play games online. In fact, the video includes Bowser and his son Bowser Jr., who talk about the Switch Parental Controls app, which allows parents to control how much time their children spend on the app. “While other consoles require you to set up these restrictions on the console itself, Nintendo has taken it a step further by allowing parents to bypass the Switch altogether and manage gameplay from a mobile device,” Nintendo Wire explained. These controls — especially the idea of letting parents control how long their children plays — should make for “a lot less stress,” wrote Andy Robertson for Pocket-Lint. The system also comes packed with family-friendly games at an affordable price, Robertson wrote. Less money, less stress and more fun games mean an overall better experience for the family, the website explained. “On balance the Switch is a very exciting proposition for families,” Robertson wrote. “Not only does it have a great line-up of exclusive games, but the new controllers and ways to play will excite gamers of all ages. It offers innovative ways to play and does so with a streamlined approach that is both well thought through and excellently delivered. Add to this ... top notch parental controls and this is a system likely to be in high demand by mums, dads and their children.” Like that? Read this. Family yesterday Smog in the American West: Study shows Asia largely to blame Family yesterday Utah mother donates breast milk intended for deceased son Sponsored by Utah League of Cities and Towns How can you speed up the process of filling those pesky potholes? The PopuList 1 Amy Iverson: Should sex offenders be banned from Facebook? 2 Should we fear the future of Facebook? 3 How TV reveals today's challenges and realities of open adoption 4 4 couples race from Miami to Boston to discover family history in BYUtv's 'Relative Race' 5 Michael Phelps speaks in Salt Lake City about the end of his career: 'You saw the real me' View all for Family most Commented 15 Amy Iverson: Should sex offenders be banned from Facebook? 11 Smog in the American West: Study shows Asia largely to blame 8 LDS blogger's journey from abuse, pornography to transformation 7 Should parents buy their children a Nintendo Switch? 5 Tim Tebow says his perfect wife is 'someone who loves Jesus and loves people' 4 Should we fear the future of Facebook? 3 Utah mother graciously donates breast milk intended for her deceased son 2 4 couples race from Miami to Boston to discover family history in BYUtv's 'Relative Race' Tuesday, March, 7, 2017 | View Archive Connect Facebook Twitter Email Newsletters Download apps iOS | Android Account Logout Manage Profile My Teams Print Subscription Access e-Edition Content Articles Blogs Lists Live Streams Podcasts Columns Quizzes Contact Editors LDS Church News Website Support Feedback Advertise with Us BrandView Contact Us About Us Careers Copyright © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved. Terms & Conditions Privacy Legal Notices Deseret News Contact Terms & Privacy Legal Notices © 2017 Deseret Digital Media. All rights reserved.
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region comments 3 Huntsville teens charged with attempted murder in Wal-Mart parking lot shooting Print Email Ashley Remkus | aremkus@al.com By Ashley Remkus | aremkus@al.com The Huntsville Times Email the author | Follow on Twitter on March 03, 2017 at 2:39 PM, updated March 03, 2017 at 2:41 PM comments File photo  Three suspects charged with attempted murder in a Walmart parking lot shooting are now in custody, Huntsville police announced today. Dylan Potter, 19, Christopher Pressnell, 17, and Kendrick Patterson, 19, all of Huntsville, have been charged in the Feb. 12 shooting that seriously injured one person, Lt. Stacy Bates said. The shooting occurred when the victim was in the suspects' vehicle making a gun transaction outside the Wal-Mart on Sparkman Drive, Bates said. Patterson was arrested Feb. 22. The other two suspects later turned themselves into police, with Pressnell being last one apprehended Thursday. Bates said the victim is expected to survive. Additional details haven't yet been released, and court documents haven't yet been made public. Mugshots of the suspects also haven't been released. Bates said he's not sure why the suspects' photos haven't been published to the website of the Madison County Jail, where the suspects were being held. Must-see concerts in Alabama this year ... See the list» Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Fire destroys home near Ridgefield Arrest made in child abduction at hospital Vancouver students march for immigrants, minorities Vancouver Public Schools inclement weather waiver granted Vancouver mom appears in court for drug case House bill backing I-5 Bridge replacement wins approval Man, 27, arrested in Washougal homicide investigation Triple-murder suspect Brent Luyster pleads not guilty Rain, snow mix delays schools, create slick roads Off Beat: Railway not just a place to make a living, but a place to live House bill backing I-5 Bridge replacement wins approval Southwest Washington lawmakers are determined to prove to their counterparts in Oregon that they are ready to revive conversations about… Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Community notebook: Free tennis gear giveaway at VTC on Saturday, March 11 Local MMA fighter seeks to keep his star rising Gonzaga reaches 20th straight WCC final Buscher steps down as Skyview girls basketball coach Trail Blazers-Timberwolves game postponed by slick court Weekly high school sports schedule, March 6-11 A tweak here and there could improve RPI Closeness means more than a trophy to Union Stanford rallies past OSU to win Pac-12 tournament Clark draws Whatcom in NWAC Tournament opener Closeness means more than a trophy to Union The Titans don't play for hardware. They play for each other. Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories GM eliminating shift at plant; 1,100 jobs affected Organization hosts event to help new entrepreneurs Third Parkrose Hardware open for business Self-storage facility proposed near Vancouver Mall Bird flu found at Tyson Foods chicken supplier Losses for banks pull U.S. stocks further from record highs Google may have missed a big chance to become a major smartphone maker Trump cheers Exxon plan to spend $20 billion on Gulf Coast projects Make yourself at home in new office Working in Clark County: Vic LeGall, Goodwater Boat Works Working in Clark County: Vic LeGall, Goodwater Boat Works Vic LeGall is the quintessential Northwest outdoors enthusiast. He owned his own sailboat by age 12 and has enjoyed a… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories Surgeons remove 915 coins swallowed by Thai sea turtle Chrissy Teigen reveals postpartum depression battle Vancouver man’s heart condition keeps him from ‘Ninja’ dream   Simone Biles to go for gold on ‘Dancing With Stars’ U.S. poet laureate says use your voice Brain cheers texting and driving ‘Zodiac’ still terrifying, relevant ‘Moonlight’ stars head from Oscars to school Battle Ground woman walks across Spain, twice, and finds her pace Don’t let giving give you a hassle Surgeons remove 915 coins swallowed by Thai sea turtle BANGKOK — Tossing coins in a fountain for luck is a popular superstition, but a similar belief brought misery to… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In Our View: Time to Talk About Bridge Pitts: Newspapers have always had value as watchdogs Letter: Speak out against tyranny Letter: Continue to allow snow tires Letter: Work for liberty and justice for all Letter: Keep the air clean Letter: Beware progressive ideology In Our View: Oil Terminal Just a Bad Idea Jayne: Sky isn’t falling, it’s just dirtier under President Trump Ambrose: Trump moves forward Editorial Cartoons March 5-11 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Everybody Has A Story: Snaking through canyon an adventure to remember Spotlight on youth Battle Ground schools get grant for new program An old club gets new life in Vancouver Volunteer Opportunities Nonprofit will award more than $1 million in scholarships this year Stonier brings family flag for Day of Remembrance VolunTEENS clean up community center Student youth group volunteers with St. Vincent de Paul High-schoolers head to court for mock trial tournament Spills cause slippery situation for Vancouver businesses Back-to-back spills of liquid substances in an alleyway in Uptown Village recently left some neighborhood businesses fuming. Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Ringleader sentenced to life without parole for killing of armored-car guard in Lakewood By Alexis Krell, The News Tribune Published: March 3, 2017, 10:28 AM A   A Almost eight years after armored-car guard Kurt Husted was shot and killed, his family thinks they might have seen the man who orchestrated his murder for the last time. Pierce County Superior Court Judge John Hickman sentenced Odies Walker, 49, on Thursday to life in prison without parole for the fatal robbery in 2009 at the Lakewood Walmart. “Hopefully, we can put the thing to rest forever,” Ron Husted, the victim’s father, said afterward. It was the second time Walker had gotten the sentence for Husted’s death. The Washington Supreme Court overturned his first conviction in 2015, because of inflammatory slides in the prosecution’s closing argument. Last month, a second jury convicted Walker of the same charges – aggravated first-degree murder and other crimes. Husted’s sister spoke at the first sentencing in 2011, and again Thursday. “This creature does not deserve to live,” Kirsten Husted Olin told the court about Walker. “He is a waste of space and oxygen. . Life in prison will have to do.” Her brother, she said, was a mentor and hero to her two sons. She said the younger, at 26, looks very much like his uncle and sometimes she is still startled by the resemblance. “My heart stops,” she said. The day of the shooting she was supposed to hear from her brother, she told the court, because it was her birthday. “Now that day is always the day that my brother was murdered,” she said. Walker’s cousin, Calvin Finley, confessed to shooting Husted in the head as the 38-year-old Loomis armored-car guard was making a pickup at Walmart. Finley and an accomplice took the money bag, and Walker was waiting outside in a getaway car. Deputy Prosecutors Angelica Williams and Dawn Farina argued that Walker organized the heist and planned for Husted to die. He was on the phone with Finley during the robbery, they said, and shouted for him to shoot Husted. After the robbery, Walker went shopping at a Walmart in Federal Way and took his family out to dinner, the prosecutors told jurors during the trial. Walker didn’t speak at his sentencing. Defense attorney Byran Hershman told the court his client “grew up in a very bad part of Chicago” and that three of his five siblings have died. “He is a two-legged contradiction in many respects,” Hershman said of Walker, who he said had been polite in their interactions and very involved in raising his children. The attorney described the kids as well-mannered and successful in school. Hershman also said Walker was remorseful for Husted’s death, and when surveillance footage of the shooting played at trial, he turned away and told his attorney: “I can’t watch this anymore.” Husted’s family didn’t buy talk of remorse. They believe Walker is evil and cared only about the money, they said. “We just don’t ever want to see him again,” Husted Olin said outside court. Judge Hickman told the family he thought the best retribution would be for Husted’s loved ones to “live your life to the fullest.” “You’ve had to go through this two times,” he said. Starting to move on would honor Husted, the judge told them. And they said they have. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
View mobile site View mobile site Follow us on         Tulsa's 24-Hour News, Weather and Traffic Hi, (not you?) | Member Center | Sign Out Sign In | Register recent on-air advertisers Now Playing Now PlayingNews-Talk 740 KRMG Tulsa's 24-Hour News, ... Listen Live Search Home News Top Stories Oklahoma News US News World News Breaking News Text Alerts Weather 5-Day Forecast KRMG NexRad HD Radar Severe Weather Preparedness TAKE ACTION: Avoid illness during the summer heat Winter Weather Tips Severe Weather Text Alerts School/Business/Church Closings LIVE StormCenter Chase Cameras Traffic Accidents in Tulsa Current ODOT Construction Projects Traffic Cameras Find the lowest gas prices Accident Report Form Red Alert Traffic Notifications The KRMG Morning News Behind the Scenes Blog JAMIE DUPREE Jamie Dupree on Twitter Inside KRMG Air Staff Submit A News Tip KRMG Insider Newsletter Event Guide Community Page How To Advertise On KRMG Concerts Contact Us CoxHSHub.com Tulsa Live Events Union Football Shows KRMG Morning News Herman Cain Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity KRMG Evening News Clark Howard Kilmeade & Friends The Dana Show Chad Benson Show Wheels Car Care Show KRMG.com Presents Voices of Oklahoma Radio KRMG Ask the Experts Weekend The KRMG Gardening Show Contests The KRMG App KRMG TEXT ALERTS Breaking News Alerts Weather Alerts Red Alert Traffic - transitioning to app! 3 Big Things Home   >  News   >  Local Posted: 12:00 p.m. Friday, March 3, 2017 Man accused of threatening to blow up south Tulsa Walmart He has a criminal past View Larger  Darity Related Girl, mom claim ghost photobombed selfie Navy finds way to save billions on bombs Get the KRMG app! By Michael Purdy Tulsa, Okla. — A man was taken into custody this week after threatening to bomb a south Tulsa Walmart not once, but twice.  During the second threat, he reportedly left a note at the Walmart near 68th and Memorial.  KRMG's told he left a similar note at a nearby apartment complex.  Tulsa police tell us Derek Darity has an extensive criminal history and they're just glad he's off the streets. "We've been looking for him," police said.  "We have some cases on him.  They then filed the bomb threat charges on him." You might remember Darity as the suspect arrested back in December, for allegedly stealing from Kohl’s while dressed in body armor. He has been booked into the Tulsa County Jail. There are no comments yet. Be the first to post your thoughts. Sign in or register.     Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Trending News Police: Man says he stabbed mother to death because she is vampire, he is werewolf Trump says Planned Parenthood can keep federal funding if it halts abortions House Republicans unveil plan to repeal and replace Obamacare Police investigate after infant found face down in dirty mop water Wife takes plea deal for killing husband and two sex partners he found on Craigslist   News/Weather/Traffic News Weather Traffic Event Guide Events Follow and Share RSS Feeds Advertisers and Sponsors How to Advertise Recent on-air advertisers Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Tulsa Coupons Rare - America's News Feed About Us Contact Us Work With Us EEOC Statement Help Audio Help Video Help Search Help   © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group   View mobile site View mobile site Enterprise Feedback Management Survey Software Sign In / Register Sign in with your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign in with your email {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? {* /userInformationForm *} New User?Create a New Account Sign In / Register Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In / Register Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} You're Almost Done! Select a display name and password {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Create a New Account Select a display name and password Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent you a confirmation email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Close Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification To sign in you must verify your email address. Fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* resendVerification_emailAddress *} {* newPasswordFormButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in
NESN Boston Red Sox Boston Bruins New England Patriots Boston Celtics NFL News MLB News NBA News NHL News Cars Soccer News UFC WWE Odds Fantasy About Red Sox Bruins Patriots Celtics MLB NFL NBA NHL Cars Soccer UFC WWE Odds Fantasy TV Schedule NESN Fuel NESN Video NESN National Advertise Careers About Search Red Sox Spring Training Live Streams NESN Fuel Georgia Native Chase Elliott Feels Love From Hometown Dawsonville Walmart by Dakota Randall on Fri, Mar 3, 2017 at 10:44AM 2,122 Share this: Tweet There’s virtually nothing you can’t find at your local Walmart. And for NASCAR driver Chase Elliott, the store’s seemingly endless inventory includes a whole lot of love. Elliott and his Monster Energy NASCAR Cup colleagues are in Atlanta this weekend for the Folds of Honor QuikTrip 500. The trip enabled Elliott to pay his hometown Dawsonville, Ga., a visit, including a stop at the local Walmart. Once in the store, Elliott came across a shrine the likes of which he’d probably never seen before. Hometown Walmart is ready for the weekend! pic.twitter.com/1lu9fk3ydp — Chase Elliott (@chaseelliott) February 28, 2017 This isn’t very surprising, as Dawsonville has a rich racing history, home to both Chase and his father, legendary NASCAR driver Bill Elliott. Hometown superstores aren’t the only sources of love for Elliott this season, as the 21-year-old Hendrick Motorsports driver is one of the more buzzed-about names in the Cup series. Elliott looked poised to win his first career Cup race during last weekend’s Daytona 500, but he ultimately finished 14th after running out of fuel with three laps remaining. More Stories Watch Kawhi Leonard Hit Clutch 3-Pointer, Make Game-Saving Block Vs. Rockets Bruins’ Struggles Against Senators Continue On Monday With 4-2 Loss Bruins Struggle To Create Offense In Frustrating 4-2 Loss To Senators NCAA Tournament 2017 Automatic Bids Tracker: List Of Conference Champions Timberwolves-Blazers Game Postponed Due To Slippery Court Conditions NESN Team Dale Arnold Guerin Austin Andy Brickley Tom Caron Matt Chatham Mike Cole Courtney Cox Zack Cox Sarah Davis Marc DiBenedetto Ricky Doyle Dennis Eckersley Jack Edwards Keely Flanagan Sam Galanis Nicholas Goss Darren Hartwell John Henry Rachel Holt Andre Khatchaturian Doug Kyed Adam London Steve Lyons Cameron McDonough Charlie Moore Marcus O’Mard Adam Pellerin Jerry Remy Nikki Reyes Jim Rice Joshua Schrock Michaela Vernava Ben Watanabe Jahmai Webster News from COED Naked Louisiana Man Tripping On LSD Leads Police On Wild Car Chase 13-Year-Old Terry DiFalco Killed By New Jersey State Trooper While On School Scavenger Hunt Emily Lofing, 27-Year-Old Teacher, Arrested On Charges Of ‘Debauchery Of A Minor’ Steve Harvey Net Worth 2017: How Much Is Steve Harvey Worth Now? College Basketball Coaches 2017: Current Head Coaches Full List Heather Nauert Net Worth 2017: How Much Is FOX Anchor Worth Now? News from thesportsdaily.com Andrew Bogut suffers knee injury just minutes into first game with Cavs Why Jaylen Brown has a shot to win Rookie of the Year award Cris Carter believes Patriots should take a flyer on Brandon Marshall Ranking the NFL’s 25 best free agents before market opens Floyd Mayweather’s ‘TMT’ van set on fire by local mob in London Sports Topics Boston Bruins Boston Celtics Boston Red Sox New England Patriots Liverpool FC Baltimore Orioles Boston Boxing Brooklyn Nets Buffalo Bills Buffalo Sabres College Basketball College Football Entertainment Fenway Park Fenway Sports Group Golf Horse Racing Los Angeles Lakers Miami Dolphins Montreal Canadiens New York Giants NASCAR New England Revolution New York Jets New York Knicks New York Rangers New York Yankees Roush Fenway Soccer Tampa Bay Rays Tennis Toronto Blue Jays Toronto Maple Leafs UFC WWE NESN Sources 98.5 Alexa ACE Ticket BostonBruins.com Boston Globe Boston Herald CraveOnline Celtics.com Chartbeat Compete comScore CSN New England ESPN Patriots.com NFL.com NHL.com Quantcast RedSox.com WEEI YES Network Recent Stories Celtics Wrap: Huge Second-Half Run Sparks Clippers To Win Over Boston Bruins Will Not Raise Season-Ticket Prices For Second Consecutive Year Paul Pierce Questioned His Celtics Future After 2007 NBA Draft Lottery NESN Links About NESN Advertise on NESN Contact NESN FAQ Email List Subscribe Unsubscribe NESN on Facebook NESN on Google+ NESN on Twitter NESN on YouTube NESN RSS Feed Privacy Policy Terms of Use Certifications © 2017 NESN Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 March 2017 by Military News Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizza Announces the “Spin To Win” Promotion CLACKAMAS, Ore., March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizza, a national pizza brand sold in all Walmart retail locations, is offering consumers and pizza fanatics everywhere the chance to win great prizes, now through March 7!  “We want to thank our customers for their loyalty while spreading the word about Wild Mike’s, so we are giving them an exciting opportunity to win daily with the Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizza ‘Spin To Win’ promotion!” said Scotty Conerly, V.P. of Marketing at Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizza. Customers can visit www.wildmikesultimatepizza.com and spin the interactive slot machine game for their chance to win.  The game is free to play and is accessible on any mobile, tablet, or desktop device.  One hundred Prize Packs, which include a Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizza t-shirt, beanie, and rebel stickers, may be won instantly.  At the end of the promotion, one lucky entrant will be selected to win the Grand Prize – a new television, surround speaker sound system, pizza rebel gear, and four Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizzas.  Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizza tagged SCA Promotions as a behind-the-scenes partner to build the game.  SCA’s proprietary DrawServer® technology allows Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizza to run a contest that is secure with verifiable results. Customers are invited to play daily and they can also visit www.facebook.com/wildmikes to learn more about this great company and what loyal Pizza Rebels have to say about their delicious pizza!  About Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizza Wild Mike’s is an ultra-premium product that features both high quality and quantity ingredients, including S.A. Piazza’s signature zesty sauce. Here at Wild Mikes, we’re all about coming together as a family.  Let’s Make Pizza Fun Again! About SCA Promotions Dallas-based SCA Promotions delivers promotional solutions and incentives that connect with consumers, without risk to the sponsor.  For over 30 years, SCA has offered an entire suite of advanced, interactive promotions, imaginative contests, record-breaking sweepstakes, and inventive games designed to engage and motivate.  SCA has covered billions of dollars and paid out over $191 million in cash and prizes for sales and consumer product promotions, lottery and casino jackpots, radio contests, direct mail, Internet, and sports promotions.  SCA has offices in Dallas, London, Las Vegas, and Calgary, with affiliate partners across the globe.  scapromotions.com CONTACT: Tanya Mathis, SCA Promotions 148927@email4pr.com  888-860-3700 SOURCE Wild Mike’s Ultimate Pizza CategoriesUncategorized TagsCompanies, company, Computing, engage, Internet, Sports, Technology, Uncategorized, Video Games, win Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Cloud9 Technologies Receives ISO 27001 Certification Next PostNext Rooter-Man has been ranked the #1 Plumbing Franchise by Entrepreneur Magazine for the 15th consecutive year Search Recent Posts Auriant Mining AB (publ) announces Kara-Beldyr resources update Auriant Mining AB (publ) publicerar uppdateringar om Kara-Beldyr-fyndigheten The 2017 Digital Edge 50 Award honors Alcatel-Lucent Enterprise Connected Products and Big Data Initiative SMi release exclusive interview ahead of Paediatric Clinical Trials: Senior Statistical Scientist from Roche Limited DataBank Is Excited to Announce Their Partnership With Hyperfish Proudly powered by WordPress
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Iconic Tour CNBC Upstart 25 Snapchat IPO CERAWeek SXSW Trader Talk CNBC Disruptor 50 Future Opportunities Retail Report Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Media Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Retailers are blaming bad results on the IRS being too slow to deliver tax refunds Krystina Gustafson | @KrystinaGustafs Friday, 3 Mar 2017 | 10:33 AM ETCNBC.com SHARES Lucas Jackson | Reuters Shoppers look at merchandise at a Walmart store in Secaucus, N.J. Uncle Sam is taking a lot of heat from retailers. With sales off to a rough start in the new fiscal year, chains from Wal-Mart to Foot Locker and Burlington to Best Buy are blaming a planned delay in tax refunds as one culprit. The credits, which benefit low- to middle-income households with children, are being distributed later by the Internal Revenue Service this year to give the agency adequate time to validate claims. Yet while traffic and sales trends are picking up as checks are delivered, their delay contributed to $57 billion less in refunds being doled out through most of February, according to Morgan Stanley. They also contributed to muted expectations from several major retailers. Though not every company blamed late refunds for soft first-quarter trends, negative outlooks outnumbered the positive by nearly a 5-to-1 margin, according to Retail Metrics. "We have seen, in our businesses and as reported by a third-party service, a substantial reduction in mall traffic in February," L Brands' CFO Stuart Burgdoerfer told investors on the company's latest earnings call. "Is it tax refunds? Who knows what it is. But it was a substantial falloff." Indeed, L Brands on Thursday reported a 13 percent decline in comparable sales for February, due in part to weak mall traffic and the discontinuation of Victoria's Secret swim line. Analysts largely shook off the weak start to February, noting there were no major macroeconomic changes to indicate the drop-off would persist. Meanwhile, February is one of the lowest-volume months for retail sales, minimizing its impact on the quarter. The Commerce Department will release February retail sales figures March 15. It doesn't mean sales will come easy. With several major chains forecasting another quarter of revenue contraction, a record low number of Americans told the National Retail Federation that they'll spend their tax returns this year. Instead, nearly half the survey's respondents who are expecting money back said they'll put it into savings. Roughly one-third said they'd use their refunds to pay down debt. By comparison, just 20 percent will spend their money on everyday expenses, with less than 10 percent using it for major purchases. The NRF survey polled 7,609 Americans and had a margin of error of +/- 1.1 percentage points. "Sure it hurts a little bit, but late tax refunds aren't the culprits for across the board misses," Stacey Widlitz, president of SW Retail Advisors, told CNBC. "Any new story that you're able to blame is great." Krystina GustafsonEditor Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT ---
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather 100 Neediest Cases Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou Slu NFL Golf Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces Press releases Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 69° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Mainly sunny. High 59F. Winds W at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight A mostly clear sky. Low near 40F. Winds WSW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: March 6, 2017 @ 11:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Sean Proctor A man enters a Staples Inc. store in Clawson, Michigan, on Feb. 29, 2016. Bloomberg photo by Sean Proctor. Retailers had a dismal Christmas and now comes Ryan's import tax By Matt Townsend and Lindsey Rupp Bloomberg Mar 3, 2017 (…) A man enters a Staples Inc. store in Clawson, Michigan, on Feb. 29, 2016. Bloomberg photo by Sean Proctor. Sean Proctor U.S. retailers are coming off one of the worst holiday-shopping seasons in recent memory, and now they have to deal with Paul Ryan. The Republican House Speaker is pushing a corporate tax overhaul that would make imports more expensive, according to the retail industry. If that comes to pass, it would drastically cut into the already-thin profit margins of chains like Best Buy Co. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. that sell loads of foreign-made goods. "That's all they need," said Ken Perkins, president of researcher Retail Metrics Inc. "Things are already difficult." That's putting it mildly. Retailers are getting hammered on multiple fronts. States have been passing minimum-wage increases that are putting pressure on labor costs. Amazon.com Inc. and other Web players continue to take market share, leading to dramatic declines in visits to many malls. Shoppers also have shifted spending toward their homes and experiences while becoming better bargain hunters. The fourth quarter, which for retailers runs from November through January, was the third time in four years that the industry's earnings declined for that period, according to Retail Metrics. Not even the highest consumer confidence in more than a decade, rising incomes and a surging stock market could save retailers' Christmas. J.C. Penney and Macy's announced massive store-closure plans, which will ripple throughout the industry because their locations anchor shopping malls. Target's stock fell the most since the depths of the recession in 2008 after the company said it would cut prices to win more customers. Even L Brands Inc., often considered one of the better-performing U.S. retailers, isn't immune as its flagship business, Victoria's Secret, struggles. Ryan's tax plan, which includes the border-adjustment provision that has the retail industry so worried, is just a blueprint. President Donald Trump hasn't said whether he supports the idea. Within the White House, there is division with a contingent led by top strategist Steve Bannon in favor and National Economic Council director Gary Cohn and Treasury Secretary Steve Mnuchin opposed, according to a senior administration official. There has been a lot of debate among corporations about how the border-adjustment tax, or BAT, would work. Supporters, which include net exporters such as General Electric, say a rise in the value of the dollar would offset the increased costs of imported goods. Opponents, which range from retail to autos to shoemakers like Nike, counter that a move in the dollar is more economic theory than a given. And this kind of levy would end up getting passed down to consumers in the form of higher prices. "A lot of the retailers don't want to bet on an economic theory that may or may not play out," said Scot Ciccarelli, an analyst for RBC Capital Markets. "It would be a really big hit to some companies." While House Republicans unveiled this plan last summer, it was largely ignored because Democrat Hillary Clinton was favored to win the White House. But after Trump's victory, the tax was suddenly on the table. Ciccarelli knew little about the idea when he was first asked about it shortly after the election. He then spent a week holed up in his office doing research. "I was asking people 'am I understanding this right?' because it was a different concept," Ciccarelli said. "You aren't taxing a profit. You're effectively taxing a sale amount on an import. Well, that's a game-changer." Ciccarelli published his first report on the subject Dec. 6 with the title "Border-Adjusted Tax Changes Could Materially Impact Retail Earnings," and it received a lot of attention. Soon clients were making investment decisions based on a chain's potential exposure to it, he said. The prospect has weighed on retail stocks. Since the Nov. 8 election, the Standard & Poor's 500 Index has surged about 12 percent, tripling the advance of the SPDR S&P Retail ETF. Even within the retail industry the impact could vary greatly, according to RBC. It would depend largely on how many imported goods a chain sells and its ability to push back on suppliers. There's also a provision in Ryan's plan to start taxing interest payments and offer a new deduction for capital expenditures. This could help retailers that are still opening a lot of stores. Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher Meet the best small businesses to work at in St. Louis Here are the best large places to work in St. Louis See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid RBC projected Ryan's tax plan would boost the net income of CarMax, the largest U.S. seller of used autos, by 59 percent. Home Depot and Lowe's would experience modest increases because they import less than other chains and, given their market dominance, would have more power to push back on potential price increases from suppliers. Amazon could get a boost, too. The online giant sells a lot of imported goods, but it could use profits from its web-services unit to eat price increases and undercut competitors. Meanwhile, net profit at Wal-Mart, Dick's Sporting Goods and Costco Wholesale would drop by 45 percent or more. And Best Buy would see an estimated decline of 300 percent, potentially swinging it from a net profit of $1 billion to a loss of $2 billion, according to RBC. "It's a huge gamble and it's bad for American families," Best Buy Chief Executive Officer Hubert Joly said on a call with reporters this week. "It would destroy jobs." And the concern isn't dying down. At an event this week in Washington's Watergate Hotel hosted by the American Apparel & Footwear Association, executives talked about the BAT's potential impact and the difficulty they've had winning over members of Congress. Panelists later were peppered with nervous questions about the industry's lobbying efforts and how companies could prepare if this becomes a reality. "We're not opposed to tax reform, we're opposed to being the scapegoat and having our rights traded away without a seat at the table," said Rick Helfenbein, the trade group's CEO. The industry has gone through the five steps of mourning and now "we reached the anger stage." Bloomberg's Joseph Ciolli contributed. Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. A man enters a Staples Inc. store in Clawson, Michigan, on Feb. 29, 2016. Bloomberg photo by Sean Proctor. Sean Proctor U.S. retailers face an increasingly tough 2017, S&P says Retailers are facing headwinds that include rapid e-commerce growth and over-saturation. Tags Retailer Commerce Economics Ciccarelli Company View (…) comments Most popular Demand for Provel cheese, new restaurants equal growth spurt at Imo's Pizza Kona beer is not from Hawaii, consumers say in lawsuit Businesses grapple with hike in St. Louis' minimum wage Dobbs family feud continues: brother accuses sister of defying court order St. Louis jury rejects woman's claims talcum powder contributed to her cancer Follow us Business columnists Jim Gallagher - Finance David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section CSX reaches deal with hedge fund, hires new railroad CEO No cookies for you: Girl Scouts and others get the boot at O'Fallon, Mo., Wal-Mart Electronics retailer HHGregg files for bankruptcy Nicklaus: Stock market is sleepwalking past potential problems Peabody Energy agrees to collateral for mine cleanup costs Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Visit our Your Next Home booth at the Home & Garden show for a chance to win $3,000 in home furnishings from Dau Furniture! You could watch a Blues private practice and have lunch at Sub Zero Vodka Bar! Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
SUBSCRIBE As low as $1/week Sign In Home Contact Chron About Houston Chronicle Advertise with Us Place a Classified Ad Niche Publication Ads Careers Chron Shop Privacy Policy Terms of Use Newsletters Subscribe HC Archives Cutest coyote ever found hiding behind potted plant Incredible shots of 'Glory Hole' is spilling over Gov Abbott tells NFL to back off from threats Photos: A slice of the Caribbean is coming to Houston Local Neighborhoods Houston & Texas News Traffic Weather Weather Radar & Forecasts Houston Weather Severe Weather News Hurricane Guide Education Politics & Policy Politics & Policy Texas Politics Chronicle Investigates Obituaries Staff & Reader Blogs Classifieds Columnists Opinions & Editorials Opinions & Editorials Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Outlook Nick Anderson Cartoons La Voz (Español) Houston's History Family demands stiffer charge for 17-year-old shooter Trial starts for Woodlands man charged with drug trafficking in Prominent attorney may land back in court over expunged DWI case Local prosecutor wrongfully blamed for racist Twitter posts, US & World US News World News Crime The Americas Politics Science & Environment Strange & Weird News Videos American Legion Riders say they were harassed by staff at Single mom's message about her tax return goes viral Boxer Yusaf Mack beats online troll in real life at Philadelphia Explainer: Department of Homeland Security's sweeping immigration Sports Texans Rockets Astros Dynamo High School Colleges UH Rice UT A&M Outdoors Texas Sports Nation Buy Tickets Super Bowl LI Rockets fail to slow down Kawhi Leonard in crushing defeat to Coach D'Antoni reflects on time coaching Spurs' Pau Gasol Coach D'Antoni gives high praise for Kawhi Leonard Rockets focused on remainder of the season, not playoff matchups Business Energy (Fuel Fix) Technology Real Estate Money Tips Business Insider Press Releases Small Business Mgmt Chron 100 Top Workplaces Sponsored Content Legal Notices Business Directory Altar'd State leases former Starbucks space in Rice Village Pearland's mushrooming population creates demand for self-storage Houston's First Baptist to acquire space downtown Local nonprofit competes in a bracket fundraising tournament A&E Preview Guides to Houston Restaurants & Bars Music Movies Arts & Theater Rolling Stone Us Weekly Radar Online Horoscopes Books Events & Things To Do Puzzles & Games Comics Miss America 2017 hopefuls boast their talents, charity work Country star Aaron Watson performs for police before hitting the Potente brings upscale Italian dining to downtown Houston Travis Scott comes home to Houston Life Health Health The Doctors Men's Journal Live Healthy Escapes Style Mom Houston Luxe Life Houston Belief Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Food & Cooking Alison Cook Restaurant Reviews Whine & Dine Top 100 Restaurants Society Travel Travel Flight Tracker Texas Road Trips Travel Pets Houston Gives Weddings & Celebrations Sponsored Content The most beautiful places in all 50 states Upcoming Houston wine events Houston Museum of Natural Science's "Big Bang Ball" is a huge hit "Magnificent India" Tiger Ball celebrates color and culture, Jobs Advanced search Browse job categories Salary Wizard Career Rescue Careers in Engineering Salute to Nurses Work & Career Advice Post a Job Is that dream opportunity really a nightmare? These 25 'hot' jobs pay at least $100K Set a career goal for every month of 2016 The highest-paying entry-level jobs Cars Cars & Auto News Heidi's Cars Blog New Car Search Used Car Search Certified Car Search Houston Auto Dealers The new Lincoln Navigator concept is too legit to quit Hennessey pushes a Camaro to over 200 MPH Riding the 2016 Indian Chieftain BMW turns 100 years old: A look back Real Estate New Homes Second Homes Home Price Survey Mortgages Commercial Real Estate Farms & Ranches Senior Living Chron Homes App Private Party Ads Summer Showcase My Perfect Hous(e)ton Dallas home with living room pool headed for auction Builder to debut clubhouse at 55-and-up community Annual salary needed to buy a house in Texas MenuSections http://www.chron.com/business/article/Wal-Mart-and-Aldi-are-in-the-middle-of-a-price-10969387.php Wal-Mart and Aldi are in the middle of a price war; here's whose winning By Fernando Ramirez, Chron.com / Houston Chronicle Published 5:00 am, Friday, March 3, 2017 Photo: Jae C. Hong, STF Image 1of/17 Caption Close Image 1 of 17 Wal-Mart vs. Aldi Wal-Mart recently launched new test prices in several different states to edge out competitors. Click through to see how prices compare in two major grocery stores, Wal-Mart and Aldi. Wal-Mart vs. Aldi Wal-Mart recently launched new test prices in several different states to edge out competitors. Click through to see how prices compare in two major grocery stores, Wal-Mart and Aldi. Photo: Jae C. Hong, STF Image 2 of 17 Whole milk (1 gallon) Aldi price: $1.00 - $2.30 Walmart price: $1.08 - $2.10 Source: Reuters Whole milk (1 gallon) Aldi price: $1.00 - $2.30 Walmart price: $1.08 - $2.10 Source: Reuters Photo: Tim Graham/Tim Graham/Getty Images Image 3 of 17 Butter (1 lb.) Aldi price: $2.68 - $2.89 Walmart price: $2.88 Source: Reuters Butter (1 lb.) Aldi price: $2.68 - $2.89 Walmart price: $2.88 Source: Reuters Photo: DEA / P. MARTINI/De Agostini/Getty Images Image 4 of 17 Bananas (1 lb.) Aldi price: $0.44 Walmart price: $0.47 - $0.59 Source: Reuters Bananas (1 lb.) Aldi price: $0.44 Walmart price: $0.47 - $0.59 Source: Reuters Photo: PATRICK KOVARIK/AFP/Getty Images Image 5 of 17 Tomatoes (1 lb.) Aldi price: $.99-$1.99 Walmart price: $1.14 Source: Reuters Tomatoes (1 lb.) Aldi price: $.99-$1.99 Walmart price: $1.14 Source: Reuters Photo: Getty Image 6 of 17 Pasta sauce (24 oz.) Aldi price: $1.19 Walmart price: $1.06 Source: Reuters Pasta sauce (24 oz.) Aldi price: $1.19 Walmart price: $1.06 Source: Reuters Photo: Tom Kelley/Getty Images Image 7 of 17 Ground beef ( 80 percent lean; 1 lb.) Aldi price: $2.79 Walmart price: $2.63 - $2.78 Source: Reuters Ground beef ( 80 percent lean; 1 lb.) Aldi price: $2.79 Walmart price: $2.63 - $2.78 Source: Reuters Photo: Getty Image 8 of 17 Coca Cola (2 liters) Aldi price: $1.58 Walmart price: $1.56 Source: Reuters Coca Cola (2 liters) Aldi price: $1.58 Walmart price: $1.56 Source: Reuters Photo: Getty Image 9 of 17 Peanut butter (creamy; 40 oz.) Aldi price: $2.99 Walmart price: $2.23 Source: Reuters Peanut butter (creamy; 40 oz.) Aldi price: $2.99 Walmart price: $2.23 Source: Reuters Photo: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Image 10 of 17 Large eggs (12) Aldi price: $0.58 - $0.79 Walmart price: $0.78 - $1.08 Source: Reuters Large eggs (12) Aldi price: $0.58 - $0.79 Walmart price: $0.78 - $1.08 Source: Reuters Photo: Andreas Rentz/Getty Images Image 11 of 17 Pasta (2 lbs.) Aldi price: $1.45 Walmart price: $1.33 Source: Reuters Pasta (2 lbs.) Aldi price: $1.45 Walmart price: $1.33 Source: Reuters Photo: Getty Image 12 of 17 Paper towel (6 pack) Aldi price: $4.99 Walmart price: $3.88 Source: Reuters Paper towel (6 pack) Aldi price: $4.99 Walmart price: $3.88 Source: Reuters Photo: Rustic Elegance Image 13 of 17 Chicken breast (1 lb.) Aldi price: $2.29 Walmart price: $1.99 Source: Reuters Chicken breast (1 lb.) Aldi price: $2.29 Walmart price: $1.99 Source: Reuters Photo: MIGUEL MEDINA/AFP/Getty Images Image 14 of 17 Toilet paper (12 rolls) Aldi price: $4.49 - $5.79 Walmart price: $4.26 - $4.72 Source: Reuters Toilet paper (12 rolls) Aldi price: $4.49 - $5.79 Walmart price: $4.26 - $4.72 Source: Reuters Photo: Thomas Trutschel/Photothek Via Getty Images Image 15 of 17 Crest toothpaste (6.2 oz) Aldi price: $3.42 Walmart price: $3.42 - $3.49 Source: Reuters Crest toothpaste (6.2 oz) Aldi price: $3.42 Walmart price: $3.42 - $3.49 Source: Reuters Photo: Getty Image 16 of 17 Dishwashing detergent (20 pods) Aldi price: $2.49 Walmart price: $2.56 Source: Reuters Dishwashing detergent (20 pods) Aldi price: $2.49 Walmart price: $2.56 Source: Reuters Photo: Justin Sullivan/Getty Images Image 17 of 17 Wal-Mart and Aldi are in the middle of a price war; here's whose winning 1 / 17 Back to Gallery Wal-Mart's brand is founded on the idea of slashing prices, but it can't do so without ruffling a few feathers. Reuters is reporting that Wal-Mart is once again beating the drums of price war against some of its main competitors, including Aldi and Kroger.  So far, Wal-Mart has secretly launched new "test" prices across 11 Midwest and Southeastern states. TWO FRONTS: Walmart is going after Amazon's store of the future with no cashiers or registers The retail giant is running a new price-comparison test in stores across the U.S. Media: Brandpoint When Chron.com reached out to Wal-Mart to see if these prices would also be tested in Texas, the retailer chose not to disclose, stating, "we're not in a position to share our strategy for competitive reasons." To see who's winning the battle for shoppers, Reuters price checked different Wal-Mart and Aldi stores in several states where sources say the major chain is trying to edge out competitors. IN THE WORKS: A Wal-Mart convenience store? Retail giant tests the concept in small town Texas Click through above to compare price between Wal-Mart and Aldi products. Latest from the Chron.com Homepage Click below for the top news from around the Houston area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. Need to Know Teenager allegedly killed in satanic ritual identified Buyers of $400K Heights house made gruesome find Replacement for Old Dominion added to RodeoHouston Exxon announces $20 billion plan for Gulf Coast region The Lead Country star performs for police before his RodeoHouston debut See inside: Blake Shelton's childhood home for sale Family demands stiffer charge for 17-year-old shooter Every outfit worn by Melania and Ivanka Trump (so far) Woodlands man charged with international drug trafficking Years later, Astroworld site still center of a convoluted lawsuit Trump gives Texas-based oil company some love on Twitter Disturbing details revealed about reportedly tortured woman Houston rapper comes home for a show Secret Costco membership perks you may not know about HOUSTON AND TEXAS NEWS Prominent attorney may land back in court over expunged DWI case Senate revises 'bathroom bill' to boost support Local prosecutor wrongfully blamed for racist Twitter posts Winners and losers from the NFL combine J.J. Watt's brother, impresses at NFL scouting combine Best available players when NFL free agency begins A little slice of India raises big bucks Rodeo season kicks off with great party Museum's "Big Bang Ball" is a huge hit Best restaurant transformations The 10 best Houston restorations this year New champagne-centric restaurant coming Latest Videos Latest News Altar'd State leases former Starbucks space in Rice Village Pearland's mushrooming population creates demand for... Houston's First Baptist to acquire space downtown Local nonprofit competes in a bracket fundraising tournament Gracepoint Homes opens Sugar Land brownstone model Bird flu found at Tyson Foods chicken supplier British health-care organizations seek to forge Texas ties El Pollo Loco opens Cypress location New First Watch restaurant opens in Houston GM sells European brands to France's Peugeot Latest Videos Small Business What Risks Can a Business Face When Making an Agreement for Customers to Use Credit Cards? Starting a Small-Scale Business How to Calculate the Taxes for a Net Pay Bonus What Kinds of Companies Use a Business Continuity Plan? How to Ask Clients to Write a Testimonial Letter Most Read 1 Death certificate reveals Bill Paxton's cause of death 2 Rodeo lineup change: Old Dominion drops out for family issue 3 Family finds human bones inside walls of new Houston home,... 4 Video of Donald Trump and Steven Bannon arguing shows snapshot... 5 Exxon highlights plans for spending $20 billion, creating jobs... 6 Over a decade later, Astroworld site still center of a... 7 10 perks of your Costco membership you probably didn't know about 8 Texas city: Work on Trump's wall and you won't work for us 9 Violence erupts at pro-Trump rally in Berkeley 10 Cody Johnson a last-minute add to RodeoHouston lineup View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertise with Us Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe iPad app HoustonChronicle.com Houston Chronicle Archives eEdition Demo Today's eNewspaper Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
Tech Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies TV Politics Business MWC 2017     Nintendo Launches Switch And New Zelda Game Posted: Mar 3 2017, 2:26am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News   First Nintendo Switch buyer at Nintendo's flagship store in New York. Credit: Nintendo   Today is s a huge day for Nintendo fans. The new Nintendo Switch console and the new The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild launch. The wait is over. The Nintendo Switch is here. "Today’s launch of the Nintendo Switch video game system means that console-quality gaming is no longer tethered exclusively to the living room TV. Nintendo Switch lets people play their favorite games anytime, anywhere and with anyone," said Nintendo in a statement today. Don't Miss: Win a FREE Nintendo Switch in our Giveaway The Nintendo Switch console is available today at a suggested retail price of $299.99. The Switch comes in two color options: a version with a set of gray Joy-Con controllers, and a version with one neon blue and one neon red Joy-Con controller. We are giving away a free Nintendo Switch console that we received early on Thursday. Enter our Nintendo Switch Giveaway now. GameStop, Walmart and Best Buy hosted midnight launch events for the Switch. Walmart and GameStop are also selling the Nintendo Switch online. Refer to the Nintendo Switch Shopping Guide to find out which stores offer the Switch online today. The online inventories of the Switch sell out very quickly. Several stores have though not yet started to sell the Switch online. “Nintendo Switch makes it easy for anyone to enjoy their games in the living room and then quickly take them on the go,” said Nintendo of America President and COO Reggie Fils-Aime. “This versatile system allows people to play in unexpected places. It’s the kind of twist in gaming that Nintendo is known for.” Nintendo Switch comes with the main console, Joy-Con (L) and Joy-Con (R) controllers, a Joy-Con grip (to which two Joy-Con are attached and used as one controller), a set of Joy-Con straps, a Nintendo Switch dock (which holds the main console and connects it to a TV), an HDMI cable and an AC adapter. Nintendo Switch connects to a TV at home and can instantly transform into an on-the-go handheld using its 6.2-inch high-definition screen. The screen includes capacitive multi-touch capabilities for compatible games. The left Joy-Con has a Capture Button that players can press to take instant screen shots of gameplay to share with friends on their social media pages. The right Joy-Con includes an NFC touchpoint for interaction with amiibo figures, as well as an IR Motion Camera that can approximate the distance, shape and motion of nearby objects in specially designed games. Both Joy-Con include motion controls and an advanced HD Rumble feature. The Nintendo Switch Pro Controller, sold separately at a suggested retail price of $69.99, includes all the same features (minus the IR Motion Camera) and comes in a more traditional form factor. Today also marks the launch of the first epic Nintendo Switch game, The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, which breaks new boundaries while honoring the origins of the acclaimed series. The game is available for both Nintendo Switch and Wii U at a suggested retail price of $59.99. New compatible amiibo launching today for The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild include Link (Rider), Link (Archer), Zelda and a Bokoblin amiibo at a suggested retail price of $15.99 each. A massive new Guardian amiibo is also available at a suggested retail price of $19.99. Also launching today is the face-to-face party game 1-2-Switch. From Wild West gunslinging to safecracking to competitive cow milking, the 28 games in 1-2-Switch make creative use of a broad variety of Nintendo Switch features, such as motion controls and HD Rumble. In a video game twist, the game asks players to stare at one another instead of at the TV, creating a fun atmosphere that will liven up any party. Third-party games such as Skylanders Imaginators from Activision Publishing Inc., Just Dance 2017 from Ubisoft and Super Bomberman R from Konami Digital Entertainment round out a launch-day lineup that has something for everyone. But today is just the start. A steady supply of games will arrive for Nintendo Switch throughout the rest of the year. Other first-party Nintendo Switch games on the horizon include Mario Kart 8 Deluxe (April 28), ARMS (spring), Splatoon 2 (summer), Fire Emblem Warriors (fall), Super Mario Odyssey (the 2017 holiday season) and Xenoblade Chronicles 2 (2017). Nintendo eShop, Nintendo’s online storefront for downloadable games, is ready to go on Nintendo Switch. The shop is the destination for people who prefer the ease of downloading their games. Both The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild and 1-2-Switch are available for purchase and download today. Additionally, for $19.99, people can purchase the Snipperclips – Cut it out, together! game, which is exclusive to Nintendo eShop. In this game, two players cut paper characters into new shapes to solve dynamic puzzles in a wonderfully creative and imaginative world. It is even possible for four players to solve puzzles as a team or compete against each other in various activities. Snipperclips – Cut it out, together! exemplifies the fun and ease of playing anywhere with anyone on Nintendo Switch. Win a new Nintendo Switch and a Nintendo NES Classic in two exclusive I4U News Giveaways. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nokia opens pre-orders for Nokia 3, Nokia 5, and Nokia 3310 14 hours ago, 11:43am CST Latest Live Images of Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked 15 hours ago, 11:11am CST Netflix Plans to Launch New Interactive Storytelling Technology to Allow Viewers Decide Fate of TV Dramas 20 hours ago, 6:07am CST Facebook Kicks off "Small Test" for Messenger Reactions 21 hours ago, 5:32am CST Amazon Tipped to be Working on a Alexa device that Connects Users 21 hours ago, 5:17am CST NOAA Goes-16 Satellite Sends First Images of Lightning from Space 2 hours ago Mars May Have Been Wetter Than Previously Thought 4 hours ago First Photos of Lin Manuel Miranda on the Set of Mary Poppins 4 hours ago You Feel Lonely Because of Spending Too Much Time on Social Media 5 hours ago iHeartRadio Music Awards: All You Need to Know 5 hours ago Will Gray Goo Cause The End of Civilization? 8 hours ago California’s San Joaquin Valley is Sinking at an Alarming Rate 13 hours ago, 12:46pm CST What is ASMR? Explanations, Examples, and The Science Behind the 13 hours ago, 12:38pm CST iPhone 8 to enter mass production this September 14 hours ago, 11:32am CST Nintendo Switch Goes Through An iFixit Teardown 15 hours ago, 11:22am CST Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted Featured News Nintendo Switch is On Sale Online Bees Learn to Play Football   Porsche Panamera Sport Turismo Debuts at Geneva Motor Show 2017 NES Classic in Stock Updates on Nintendo Switch Launch Day Technology News Nokia opens pre-orders for Nokia 3, Nokia 5, and Nokia 3310 14 hours ago, 11:43am CST Latest Live Images of Samsung Galaxy S8 leaked 15 hours ago, 11:11am CST Netflix Plans to Launch New Interactive Storytelling Technology to Allow Viewers Decide Fate of TV Dramas 20 hours ago, 6:07am CST Facebook Kicks off "Small Test" for Messenger Reactions 21 hours ago, 5:32am CST More Technology News Stories Latest News NOAA Goes-16 Satellite Sends First Images of Lightning from Space 2 hours ago Mars May Have Been Wetter Than Previously Thought 4 hours ago First Photos of Lin Manuel Miranda on the Set of Mary Poppins 4 hours ago You Feel Lonely Because of Spending Too Much Time on Social Media 5 hours ago More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted The Latest ... Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending ... Nintendo Switch Giveaway Nintendo NES Classic Giveaway Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates Geneva Motor Show 2017 MWC 2017 E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2167 comments Featured Guns The Nighthawk Custom Browning Hi Power 4:24 PM 03/01/2017 Beretta Launches New APX Pistol 4:20 PM 02/28/2017 Gun Test: Kimber Micro 9 Stainless Raptor Pistol 8:05 AM 02/27/2017 Gun Test: Colt Competition Pistol 4:56 PM 02/16/2017 Gun Test: M&P 45 Shield 5:53 PM 02/15/2017 Gun Test: Remington R51 Gen 2 5:14 PM 02/14/2017 Gun Test: FIME Rex Zero 1S Pistol 4:16 PM 01/27/2017 This Handgun Is A Suppressor And Pistol All In One [VIDEO] 4:40 PM 01/26/2017 New Handguns 4:37 PM 01/25/2017 SIG Sauer Wins U.S. Army XM17 Modular Handgun System Contract 3:02 PM 01/20/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Financial PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home National Post News Opinion Markets Investing Personal Finance FP Magazine Tech Executive Entrepreneur Subscribe News Retail & Marketing Retail & Marketing TrendingDonald Trump | NAFTA | Earnings | RRSP | TFSA | Canadian dollar | Family Finance | Taxes Costco misses second quarter estimates though sales up in Canada, U.S., hikes membership fees Hollie Shaw | March 2, 2017 | Last Updated: Mar 3 9:43 AM ET More from Hollie Shaw | @HollieKShaw Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon TORONTO — Costco Wholesale Corp.’s same-store sales in Canada outpaced growth in all of the warehouse retailer’s other divisions in the second quarter, even as the company’s overall results fell short of market expectations Thursday. How Costco Canada breaks retail rules to win Ranked Canada’s most trusted food retailer, Costco’s staggering success stems from tapping into our deepest psychological impulses about security, scarcity, clarity and fear. Read on The second-largest retailer in the U.S. behind Walmart reported lower net income of US$515 million in the period ended Feb. 12, or US$1.17 per diluted share, compared with earnings of US$546 million, (US$1.24) per diluted share, in the same period last year. Net sales rose six per cent to US$29.1 billion from US$27.6 billion a year ago. Analysts were anticipating earnings of US$1.36 per share on revenue of US$29.9 billion, according to estimates from Thomson Reuters. “Fresh food drives the business,” chief financial officer Richard Galanti told analysts on a conference call after markets closed. He noted profit margins were lower in part due to widespread food price deflation. Same-store sales, an important measure of retail performance that strips out the effects of square footage changes, were up eight per cent at Costco in Canada and three per cent in the U.S.; they fell two per cent in other international markets. At rival Walmart Canada, same-store sales rose 0.2 per cent in the quarter ended Jan. 31. Related Inside the ‘treasure hunt’: The five keys to Costco Canada’s success Loblaw’s taking the click-and-collect route as retail rivals expand home deliveries Walmart Canada posts flat same-store sales as U.S. parent gets boost from online growth Costco’s results have been particularly robust in the Canadian market, where it is building more stores this year. In fiscal 2014 through fiscal 2016, same-store sales excluding foreign exchange and gasoline averaged above 8 per cent, higher than all other regions where Costco operates, including the U.S. The company also announced Thursday that it will hike its annual membership fees in June to $60 in Canada and the U.S. for its basic card and to $120 from $110 for its premium-level “executive” membership card. The retailer last increased the cost of its memberships in 2011. The warehouse retailer’s annual membership fees amount to 2.3 per cent of net sales, but account for 72 per cent of the company’s operating profit. Membership sales rose 6 per cent in the quarter and were renewed at a 90 per cent rate in Canada and the U.S. By the end of the year Costco will have opened more locations in Canada than it has in the past, a total of eight in fiscal 2017, up from a typical pace of two or three per year. Costco currently operates 728 warehouses globally, including 508 in the United States and 94 in Canada. Financial Post hshaw@postmedia.com Twitter.com/holliekshaw Find Financial Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Email Typo? More Comments Tumblr Pinterest Reddit Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Retail & Marketing, Costco Wholesale Corporation, Earnings and Losses, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Find a Story Stock Search News Videos More from Retail & Marketing U.K. lawmakers are telling companies to put an end to sexist high-heel dress codes Star Wars merchandise the real force behind Canadian toy sales spike Aldo scion to lead the family’s footwear company as founder steps down as chairman Cara shopping for restaurants to counter decline in sit-down dining sector Hudson’s Bay’s bid for Macy’s stumbles as equity partners balk at deal, sources say Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Post to Cancel
Accumulate J.B. Chemicals; target of Rs 386: CD Equisearch - REC to give Rs 39000 cr in loans to KPCL, BESCOM in next 5 years Keep your account secure » X Ensure that your correct email id and mobile has been registered with moneycontrol. If not, please update your profile and secure the account now. Updating your email id and mobile number offers following benefits: If someone tries to reset your password, you will be informed immediately Only you will receive email & sms alerts relating to your stocks & overall portfolio Opted-in market updates, news, research reports, will be delivered to you on-time Update your profile now » News Quotes NAVs Commodities Futures News Messages Notices Videos All Search Language App Subscriptions Specials Sign-In Register Santa Claus Logout Hindi Gujrati Profile Portfolio Watchlist Messages Alerts News markets Mutual Funds commodities Property personal finance portfolio Forum LIVE TV TV18 terminal Home Business Management Talk Markets Stocks Politics International Tech Lifestyle SME Videos Home » News » IPO » IPO - Upcoming Issues Mar 03, 2017, 10.35 PM | Source: CNBC-TV18 'Attractive' Avenue Supermarts IPO gets a thumbs-up from experts While Amnish Aggarwal, Senior VP-Research at Prabhudas Lilladher, likened D-Mart’s go-to-market strategy with global retailer Walmart. market expert SP Tulsian of sptulsian.com said the price band makes Avenue Supermarts IPO very attractive. Like this story, share it with millions of investors on M3 Attractive Avenue Supermarts IPO gets a thumbs-up from experts While Amnish Aggarwal, Senior VP-Research at Prabhudas Lilladher, likened D-Mart’s go-to-market strategy with global retailer Walmart. market expert SP Tulsian of sptulsian.com said the price band makes Avenue Supermarts IPO very attractive. Post Your Comments Share Cancel Amnish Aggarwal (more) Senior VP, Prabhudas Liladher | One of India's most profitable supermarket chains is about to hit the Dalal Street. Avenue Supermarts, which owns and operates D-Mart stores, is all set to raise over Rs 1,800 crore through an initial public offering (IPO). The issue will open on March 8 and close on March 10, 2017 at a price band of Rs 295-299. Market experts are already gung-ho about the Radhakishan Damani-promoted company’s IPO. Amnish Aggarwal, Senior VP-Research at Prabhudas Lilladher, likened D-Mart’s go-to-market strategy with global retailer Walmart. Avenue Supermarts owns the D-Mart chain of around 120 retail stores, most of them in Maharashtra and Karnataka. “D-Mart has been trying to do what Walmart did in the US — enter a territory, saturate it and achieve profitability,” he told CNBC-TV18. Overall, the dynamics on which the business model of D-Mart is built seem to be very positive and improving sales mix and financials bode well for the company, he said. Avenue Supermarts RHP (red herring prospectus) for the IPO makes a classic case of study for business schools, said market expert SP Tulsian of sptulsian.com, adding, the price band makes Avenue Supermarts IPO "very attractive". Avenue Supermarts has reserved 50 percent portion of public issue for qualified institutional buyers and out of which, 60 percent may be allocated to anchor investors. The company said 15 percent portion of the total issue size is reserved for non-institutional investors and the rest 35 percent for retail investors. The company said 15 percent portion of the total issue size is reserved for non-institutional investors and the rest 35 percent for retail investors. Also read: D-Mart IPO: Grey market premium soars on RK Damani brand value Meanwhile, Avenue Supermarts is quite buzzing in grey market too. Shares of Radhakishan Damani-promoted Avenue Supermarts are quoting at a premium of Rs 175-180 over the expected issue price in the grey market, according to brokers dealing in this unregulated market. Players tracking the issue see it being priced between Rs 300 and Rs 320. Watch video for more. Tags  Avenue Supermarts Avenue Supermarts RHP Radhakishan Damani Amnish Aggarwal IPO D-Mart Prabhudas Lilladher Buy, Hold, Sell ? Hear it first on M3 Attractive Avenue Supermarts IPO gets a thumbs-up from experts See all Sign in or Login with Username Password Keep me signed in   Forgot password? Don't have an account yet? - Register now news Most Popular Top News You can soon pool your private car, if Uber has its way Here are some top trading tips from market experts Half of Bharat Fin's at-risk portfolio likely to go bad: Analyst Cabinet may approve new coal linkage policy next week: Sources India moving to the centre stage of global energy market: IEA India looks for right prices to boost LNG, crude imports from US N Korea missiles 'drill for strike on US bases in Japan': KCNA Global oil supply may see potential shortage after 2020: IEA General Motors to lay off over 1000 workers in US See all Video of the day Don't chase mkt, wait for better price points: Birla Sun Life MF Explore Moneycontrol STOCKS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Others MUTUAL FUNDS A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Live Sensex Public Sector Banks Market Statistics Plan Insurance Global Market Business News Mutual Fund Best Portfolio Manager Bse Sensex Nse Nifty Commodities Price Silver Price/Rate in India Gold Price/Rate in India Crude Oil USD to INR Bank Fixed Deposits Company Fixed Deposits Small Savings Schemes Bonds Budget: 2011, 2012, 2013, 2014, 2015, 2016 | Budget 2017 Tax Calculator RBI Credit Policy News Archive FAQs Financial Glossary Forum Moneybhai Think India History India Latest News IBNLive News News in Hindi Cricket News Paper Peek Exam Special CBSE Sample Papers E-Learning Franchise Opportunity India News Restaurants in Delhi Online Shopping in India Cairn India Euro Infosys Inflation Silver Glenmark Pharmaceuticals Snapdeal Starbucks Narendra Modi Crore Rss Feeds Site Map  |  About Us  |  Contact Us  |  Feedback  |  Advertise  |  Bookmark  |  Disclaimer  |  Privacy Statement  |  Terms of Use  |  Careers Copyright © e-Eighteen.com Ltd. All rights reserved. Reproduction of news articles, photos, videos or any other content in whole or in part in any form or medium without express written permission of moneycontrol.com is prohibited. Login Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Login using moneycontrol ID Username Password Need help logging in? Reset password. Don´t have an account? Sign Up Get started using your favorite social network or Simply sign up using this short form * mandatory UserName* Username should be atleast 4 character Password* Password should be 8 or more characters, atleast 1 number, 1 symbol & 1 upper case letter Alert Your Password should contain 8 or more characters At least 1 number At least 1 symbol At least 1 upper case letter Confirm Password* Email Already have an account? Login Register Now Sign In X Name* Enter Alphabets only Email* Enter valid email id Contact No.* Enter 10 digits only City Mumbai Delhi Kolkata Bengaluru Chennai Hyderabad Pune Other Interested in All Confused? use our Compare Brokers feature. Register Now Thank you for registering. Respective broker representative will reach you shortly. sign in
× Weather Alert Information Alert data provided by http://alerts.weather.gov/ Close Contact Us Register Login DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines Wheels Advertise Membership E-Paper High/Low: Humidity: Wind: Sunrise: Sunset: Visibility: View Full Forecast starting , ending . Powered by Forecast.io Local Toggle SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS OPINION COLUMNS & BLOGS ARTS & ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS & VIDEO OBITUARIES News Sports Opinion Columns & Blogs Arts & Entertainment Photos & Video Obituaries DayExtra Classifieds Deals Jobs Homes Magazines WHEELS Advertise Membership E-Paper Police/Fire/Courts Business Local State/Northeast Nation/World Special Reports Maps & Data Military UCONN High School Local Colleges Professional GameDay Editorials Letters Columns Op-Ed Guest Opinions Sports Features News Opinion Horoscopes Dear Abby Games & Puzzles Lifestyle Events & Exhibits Food & Drink Arts & Music Movies & TV Live Lunch Photo Galleries Videos GameDay Place an Ad Today's Listings Pets Garage & Yard Sales Map Jobs Local Coupons Deal of the Day Rewards Business Directory Job Fair Local Jobs Homes of Distinction Find Local Listings Homes of Distinction Your Good Health Sound & Country Products Milestones Legal Obituary Classified Contact Us My Account Passport Rewards Subscribe Electronic Edition The Day's App Newspapers in Education Archives WARNING: This site requires JavaScript enabled to provide the best user experience possible. Please enable JavaScript within your browser for this site! LATEST NEWS Local News Local Sports Local Entertainment all day, every day Thank you for visiting theday.com. You've read 3 free articles. To continue reading up to 10 premium articles, you must register, or sign up and take advantage of this exclusive offer: Full Digital Access 12 weeks of savings $1 for 12 weeks Enjoy the benefits of membership for less. ACT NOW Already registered on theday.com? Login. Not registered? Register. No, thank you. ×Close East Windsor residents brace for changes casino would bring East Windsor resident John Hensley is seen on his porch Thursday, March 2, 2017. He thinks the casino proposed by the Mohegan and Mashantucket Pequot tribes should have gone to a referendum vote. He lives in a neighborhood just a short distance from the former Showcase Cinemas site that has been selected to host the new casino. (Dana Jensen/The Day) Published March 04. 2017 6:46PM | Updated March 05. 2017 6:43PM By Brian Hallenbeck  Day staff writer b.hallenbeck@theday.com  bjhallenbeck East Windsor — Kevin Brown had some good news for people here last week. “You’ve arrived,” he announced. That was right before Brown, chairman of the Mohegan Tribe, and Rodney Butler, his Mashantucket Pequot counterpart, signed an agreement spelling out how the tribes’ MMCT Venture would compensate East Windsor for hosting a third Connecticut casino. If the state blesses the project — a sizable if at this point — it would be built on an abandoned site off Interstate 91, which cuts through East Windsor’s northwest corner. The site’s about an hour from the tribes’ respective southeastern Connecticut casinos, Mohegan Sun and Foxwoods. More important, it’s about 15 minutes from Springfield, Mass., where a competing casino’s taking shape. Many in town surely agreed with Brown’s assertion. Indeed, the vast majority of residents who packed the middle school auditorium one night in late January voiced overwhelming support for a casino in their midst. One of the most ardent voices was that of Selectman Steve Dearborn. “We’re not growing, we’re not going anywhere,” he said. “It’s going to put us on the map.” But not everyone in town agrees, with some arguing that there should have been a referendum on whether East Windsor should host a casino. “Should have been a vote,” said Clem Wierkrykas, who was approached as he left the Big Y supermarket on Prospect Hill Road. “I don’t want a casino. We don’t need one.” Wierkrykas said he’s lived in town for 30 years. “Everything’s going to change,” he said. “It’s going to wreck my peace and quiet.” The Big Y’s right near the casino site, now occupied by a vacant Showcase Cinemas that screened its last matinee in 2008. Between the Big Y and the boarded-up movie theater stands a vacant former Wal-Mart store that the chain replaced with a nearby “supercenter” a few years ago. Not far from the casino site, John Hensley, a Prospect Hill Drive resident, came out onto his porch to field a reporter’s questions. A casino opponent, he faulted First Selectman Robert Maynard for forgoing a referendum, theorizing that Maynard must have figured it would fail. Maynard, who joined the tribal chairmen in signing the casino agreement, has said the casino project meets zoning regulations and therefore no referendum was required. “There’s a hell of a difference between a movie theater and a gambling facility,” Hensley said. “I’m worried that in the future, the town of East Windsor is going to take the revenues from the casino and start expanding government, give the town managers pay raises and then, in five or six years, the casino moves out and leaves the burden for taxpayers. ... The movie theater didn’t work out. What if the casino doesn’t work out?” Two of Hensley’s neighbors were on opposite sides of the fence. “I’m in favor of it,” said Roberto Vazquez, who visits Foxwoods several times a year. “I don’t think it’ll stop people from going to Springfield, though.” Melissa Downie said she and her boyfriend, a longtime East Windsor resident, were worried about some of the social ills regularly associated with casinos. “I know they say the crime is low around them, but I don’t believe it,” she said. "... We went to the meeting in January and ended up leaving. We knew what we had to say wouldn’t make a difference.” Asked if there should have been a referendum, Downie said, “Absolutely. People should have a voice.”  Denise Kaluna, manager of the Main Street Grille in the heart of the town’s Broad Brook section, opposite the Opera House community theater (East Windsor has a strip club, too), thinks the casino just might be salvation. “Personally, I don’t see any issue with it,” she said. “We need jobs. Everybody needs jobs, every town needs jobs.” A mother of two, Kaluna said the revenue the town would get from the casino — an estimated $8.5 million a year in taxes and “mitigation” payments, according to the agreement — could address many needs. She said the middle school her youngest son, a seventh-grader, attends had to eliminate its music program and the basketball team last year. Her older son opted to attend Cheney Tech in Manchester rather than East Windsor High. “The library needs books, the schools need supplies,” she said. “If they’re going to help our community programs, I’m all for it. ... People are worried about the traffic — well, they’ll figure that out.” Even before they settled on East Windsor, the tribes donated $3,000 to the town youth center’s annual fundraiser. As Maynard, the first selectman, said at the agreement signing, “This project is an amazing opportunity for East Windsor.” Still, the question of whether there should have been a referendum lingers. On Friday, the Coalition Against Casino Expansion in Connecticut, an alliance of more than a dozen mostly faith-based groups, announced it would hold a forum in town Monday night to discuss plans for a petition drive calling for a referendum. Former Congressman Bob Steele, a coalition organizer and an active foe of expanded gaming, is to be among the speakers. In addition, a public hearing on legislation legalizing another casino in the state will be held Thursday in Hartford. While one bill offered by the Public Safety and Security Committee essentially would sanction the tribes' plan for an East Windsor casino, another measure would open up the casino-approval process to competitve bidding.  So, it remains unclear whether East Windsor, in the eyes of some, actually has arrived. But if it has, “In another 18 months,” John Hensley, the Prospect Hill Drive resident, said, “I’ll be seeing some big, bright lights from my bedroom window. Nothing here will be the same.” b.hallenbeck@theday.com Denise Kaluna, manager of the Main Street Grille in East Windsor, is seen Thursday, March 2, 2017. She thinks the casino proposed by the Mohegan and Mashantucket Pequot tribes would bring jobs to the town. (Dana Jensen/The Day) The Showcase Cinemas site in East Windsor, seen Thursday, March 2, 2017, has been selected as the proposed site for the Mohegan and Mashantucket Pequot tribes new casino. (Dana Jensen/The Day) Kevin Brown, chairman of the Mohegan tribe, left, and Rodney Butler, chairman of the Mashantucket Pequot tribe, right, answer questions after they and First Selectman Robert Maynard, center, signed a paper to formalize the partnership between the tribal nations and the town of East Windsor for a new casino during a signing ceremony at the Scout Hall Youth Center in East Windsor on Thursday, March 2, 2017. (Dana Jensen/The Day) Previous Article Next Article Loading comment count... Commenting is closed. Comment threads are monitored for 48 hours after publication and then closed. READER COMMENTS Loading comments... Hide Comments MOST READ 1 Police: Woman receives delivery of cocaine 2 Attorney says city shirking its duty at Crystal Avenue high-rises 3 Police logs - March 7 4 Why a weird legal dispute about whether the Snuggie is a blanket actually matters a lot 5 Insurers become latest Hartford enablers 6 Waterford survives first round scare, advances in Class M 7 Samuelson, Huskies dominate South Florida 100-44 in AAC final 8 Is a CEO worth $200 million? Shareholders at rail giant CSX think so 9 Police charge pair with selling heroin, cocaine out of Norwich home 10 Stonington man's mental health bill to get legislative hearing MOST VIEWED MEDIA 1 Highlights: Waterford 72, Bulkeley 70 2 Billet Night at CGA 3 Car in the Thames River in Groton City 4 The All-GameDay Basketball Team 2017 MOST DISCUSSED STORIES 1 Kathryn Court Estates takes shape in Waterford 13 2 UConn rolls, faces South Florida for AAC women's tournament title on Monday night 13 3 Police: Woman receives delivery of cocaine 12 4 Retired ICE lawyer believes "simple" law update could solve immigration problem 12 5 New London police charge man with growing marijuana in his home 12 Back to Top About The Day The Day Publishing Company 47 Eugene O'Neill Drive P.O. Box 1231 New London, CT 06320-1231 USA Staff Profiles FAQs Jobs at The Day Contact Us Connect with us Quick Links DayExtra E-Paper Contests Lottery Numbers Horoscopes Puzzles TV Weather Calendar Milestones Today's Headlines Advertising About Our Ads Advertise Place a Classified Ad Contacts Find New London Area Jobs Services Full-page Reprints Photo Reprints The Day Collection Privacy Policy/Terms RSS Text/SMS Alerts
Friend on Facebook Follow on Facebook Watch on YouTube Subscribe to RSS Search × Search in Site To search in site, type your keyword and hit enter Close HOME News Local News Politics Elections SoCal National World News Op/Ed Local Southwest Rivco Temecula Murrieta Menifee Moreno Valley Wildomar Aguanga Corona French Valley Hemet Lake Elsinore Perris Sun City San Jacinto Norco Education Fire Sheriff’s Log SoCal News Imperial County Orange County Los Angeles County Riverside County San Bernardino San Diego County Entertainment Dining Dining Reviews Arts Celebrity News Out and About Music Scene Business Sports Live Traffic More Announcements Faith Health Military Motor Scene Real Estate Obituaries Pets Village News Anza Valley Outlook CLASSIFIEDS Printed Edition (Online) En Español Events About Us Contact Us Sign up for our Newsletter Contact the editor Letters to the editor Inquire about advertising Inquire about Classifieds Comment about a story Request Event Coverage Submit a Press Release Submit an Obituary Report a technical issue Hemet’s old Stetson Street bridge in to be replaced by 2018-19 By Tony Ault on March 4, 2017No Comment Share on Facebook Follow on Facebook Add to Google+ Connect on Linked in Subscribe by Email Print This Post The Stetson Street bridge across the flood control channel at Cawston Avenue shows signs of damage from years of use and weather. Weight on the bridge is limited to vehicles 10,000 pounds or less but has been deemed safe by engineers. Tony Ault photos Hemet City Council has approved a $243,800 amended contract to engineer the replacement of the old Stetson Street and Cawston Avenue bridge near the airport that in need of serious repair. While the bridge is safe for most traffic, loads over 10,000 pounds are not recommended. The city successfully applied for a Federal Highway Bridge Replacement program grant in 2012 that is administrated through Caltrans Local Assistance for $955,000 to replace the bridge. The grant funds were programmed for construction in 2018-19. Michael Baker Corporation was awarded the amended contract that was increased by $45,000 bringing the total to $243,800. Mayor Pro Tem Michael Percival urged the firm at the Feb. 14 meeting to make sure they finished the engineering portion as soon as possible and to start the construction phase by 2018 because the condition of the bridge shows loose wooden support columns and deteriorating cement walls. He said the bridge is heavily traveled by traffic to and from the Wal-Mart center on Sanderson Avenue along with heavy semitractor-trailers. He said that signs showing the 10,000-pound weight level should be placed in more visible locations before the bridge. The city and county fire services stationed at the airport have some tanker trucks that weigh over that limit and need to be rerouted away from the bridge for safety. However, engineers are inspecting the bridge regularly and report it is safe for traffic under the weight limit. In other business at the Feb. 14 meeting, the council heard recruiting updates from Police Chief Dave Brown and Fire Chief Scott Brown. Scott Brown said since the city approved a $2.2 million advance against expected Measure U sales tax funds, his department has already hired nine new firefighters and paramedics but lost two to outside agencies and a battalion chief. They have promoted five of their firefighters and have had 12 applicants for the three open battalion chief positions. He said they were particularly pleased that Station No. 5 in east Hemet has been reopened and is fully staffed with a paramedic. Dave Brown said his department has hired two trained police officers and four entry-level police officers. He said he hoped to have 10 more officers by the end of June 2018. He explained that hiring trained and experienced officers from other departments, known as hiring laterally, with the help of signing bonuses of $10,000 to $25,000 could save the city as much a $3 million in the long run. The Stetson Street bridge across the flood control channel at Cawston Avenue shows signs of damage from years of use and weather. Weight on the bridge is limited to vehicles 10,000 pounds or less but has been deemed safe by engineers. Tony Ault photos Share this: Tweet More Share on Tumblr Print Email Related Hemet’s old Stetson Street bridge in to be replaced by 2018-19 added by Tony Ault on March 4, 2017 View all posts by Tony Ault → Leave a Reply Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comments Protected by WP-SpamShield Spam Blocker Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page. Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. My Valley Weather Temecula Last Updated on Mar 7 2017, 12:55 am PST Weather by NOAA Current Conditions: Fair Temp: 41°F Wind: NE at 3mph Humidity: 87% Dewpoint: 37.4°F Your 5-Day Forecast at a Glance 951-763-5510 | 1588 S. Mission Rd. Suite 201, Fallbrook CA 92028 Valley News | Copyright © 2016 Village News, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev New travel ban order draws mix of reactions in Minnesota Standardized tests costly but payoff varies, audit finds House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul Likely tornado touches down near Zimmerman Was state to blame in White Bear Lake's decline? MN Senate rejects Real ID measure for driver's licenses On East Lake Street, debate heats up over 'livability crimes' Gophers, with Fleck fully in charge, get off to elite start for spring ball Free agency might be unkind to Peterson Gophers' Pitino named Big Ten Coach of the Year David Letterman: 'The only person I can trust anymore is Al Franken' next Business Lee Schafer: Target's price-cut jargon is not fooling investors March 4, 2017 — 2:00pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint LEE SCHAFER @LeeASchafer The leaders of Target ought to at least consider ditching the use of the term price investment. Their institutional shareholders know exactly what this retail industry jargon means, so it's not like anyone's really fooled. A good reason to stay away from this sort of gentle euphemism for unpleasant things is to keep grounded about the unpleasantness. And at Target, cutting prices can't mean things are going really well. For the novices, that's the basic translation of price investment, "cutting retail prices to keep customers coming." Retailers talk price investments all the time, as Target did last week in New York in laying out a fundamental change in thinking. The Minneapolis-based company's "investment" just this year would represent a big part of an expected $400 million hit to expected gross profits. Cutting prices is one response to what Target CEO Brian Cornell last week called "an incredibly challenging environment," with a brutal two-front war underway with Wal-Mart Stores and Amazon.com, along with more limited campaigns to repel dollar stores, grocery discounters and e-commerce sites. Target executives also talked about the effects of other retailers going into retreat. While it might sound helpful for competitors to shut down stores, it can't benefit Target's 2017 results when a Macy's going-out-of-business sale has a shirt marked down so much that it's cheaper than what's available at Target. As shareholders digested the Target presentation, the stock price slipped, ending the day down 12 percent. That's no surprise, since estimates of future earnings per share got whacked. Yet investors also had to be digesting an unspoken message, an admission from Target that its last strategy hasn't been working. There's no question the recent results haven't been stellar. One particular concern is customer traffic, the number of people walking out the front door with merchandise or using a website. For the fourth quarter it was a bit better but still had declined for the full fiscal year. The Target operation is a very complex machine with many levers to throw, and management is choosing right now to throw quite a few of them. A transcript of the discussion outlining the new plan contained so many details on store remodeling, a new way of shipping products to stores and other ideas that it ran to two dozen single-spaced pages. Yet based on the notes that analysts put out after the presentation, they were clearly reminded of a similar corporate presentation in New York that took place in October 2015. That's when Wal-Mart's chief financial officer, using the same kind of upbeat tone that characterized Target's presentation, stood on a stage and said "over the next three years we will invest several billion dollars into price." Wal-Mart shares then had their worst trading day in 15 years. It wasn't a great day for other retailers' shares either, as Target's stock price slipped nearly 4 percent. You didn't need a Harvard MBA to understand what would happen to profitability in the industry with Wal-Mart once again determined to hold the low-price position in the market. "We estimate that 30 to 40 percent of the staples retail industry is now ramping price intensity in consumables to spark traffic and capture share," the research team of Wall Street firm Credit Suisse wrote in a bearish note last week. "[Wal-Mart] has been the most aggressive, but others like Target have responded. This unprecedented level of activity is only likely to spread further. … We think it's unlikely this strategy will drive incremental gross profit growth for almost anyone in this space." In 2015 Wal-Mart might have had no real choice, as being cheaper than everybody else is a key part of its identity. But the strategy has been effective. Since Wal-Mart announced its determination to cut prices, along with other non-price initiatives, it has done better than Target. Its fourth quarter was the ninth in a row with increased customer traffic in its U.S. stores. Even its consolidated gross profit margin has widened. Last week in New York, Cornell explained that Target's plans are more nuanced than simply slashing prices. The company has run too many promotions as it fought to recover from a 2013 data breach, he said, so trimming prices is one way to reeducate customers to expect low prices all the time. He also made the point that prices aren't coming down across the store, as lower prices are needed primarily on "core essential and food categories," the kind of things that have traditionally filled the top of the shopping list for a weekly Target run. As for the rest the store, Target's strategy has never been to have the cheapest prices, just cheap enough to not let price be the reason the customer walked out empty-handed. Target has only ever won when the perception of value appealed to the customer. That's more complicated than just a number printed on a price tag, of course, although the formula certainly includes the price, as well as having the item in the right size and color. Another big part of value is the quality of the buying experience. That could mean the ease of sorting Target coupons on a smartphone or even the lighting when walking through a store's parking lot. This management team certainly understands that, which explains other parts of the new plan, like the launch over the next couple of years of more than a dozen exclusive brands. Nothing about a task that big sounds easy, yet even if some flop miserably it's the kind of initiative Target should be trying. Instead of price investments, Cornell should have talked last week about Target making value investments. No one would have known right away what he was talking about, and as retailing jargon it sounds even sillier than price investments. But at least investors wouldn't now be focusing on how Target is cutting prices to stay in the game. lee.schafer@startribune.com 612-673-4302 Lee Schafer came to the Star Tribune after 15 years as a corporate officer, consultant and investment banker in the Twin Cities. He has been a columnist for Twin Cities Business magazine and was senior editor for Corporate Report Minnesota. Follow @LeeASchafer lee.schafer@startribune.com 612-673-4302 @LeeASchafer View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Likely tornado touches down near Zimmerman Wet floor forces Wolves to postpone home game MN Senate rejects Real ID measure for driver's licenses House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul Stowaway cat survives 400-mile ride beneath St. Paul owner's semi-truck David Letterman: 'The only person I can trust anymore is Al Franken' AP FACT CHECK: Trump takes credit for jobs, arrests Is General Mills ripe for a takeover? Speculation intensifies Strong economy should trump post-election fear Looking to close 100 stores, Macy's still talking about Minneapolis remake plan Klobuchar, Franken set to query Target CFO at Senate hearing More From Lee Schafer Business March 6 Ex-Target exec jumps into a tough situation at Uber A highlight of Jeff Jones' four years as chief marketing officer at Target had to have been an inspirational blog post he put on his… Business February 25 Schafer: R&D isn't dead, it's broken No one should have been surprised when the Office of the Legislative Auditor found the Minnesota research-and-development tax credit to be a net drain on… Business February 18 Manufacturing job losses, yes, but gains for trained Minnesota workers Here's one of the ironies in looking ahead at how the nature of work is going to change — manufacturing may actually be a bright spot. St. Paul February 17 Schafer: Creating jobs takes a lot of hard work Not that long ago a chamber president like Matt Kramer of the St. Paul Area Chamber of Commerce would join with just about everybody else… Top Stories New travel ban order draws mix of reactions in Minnesota Mar. 6 Standardized tests costly but payoff varies, audit finds 12:24am House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul 12:50am Most Read Ex-Target exec jumps into a tough situation at Uber • Business HealthPartners CEO Mary Brainerd to retire after 15 years at the helm • Business Best Buy moves from Renew Blue turnaround to growth phase • Business Small airports, Minn. towns fear privatizing air traffic control • Business Jay Z in collaboration with Twin Cities asset management firm • Business World North Korea fires 4 banned ballistic missiles into sea UK lawmakers to companies: End sexist high-heel dress codes Nation NYPD agrees to greater oversight after spying on Muslims White supremacists have 'unprecedented outreach' to try to recruit college students, ADL says Politics House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul Trump offers Planned Parenthood funds if it halts abortions markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Yeo's visit as Blues coach is about success vs. Wild, and for his son Wild keeping practices short but efficient Wolves Wet floor forces Wolves to postpone home game Scoggins: Even with postponement, Aussie gets taste of being Wolves fan Gophers Gophers, with Fleck fully in charge, get off to elite start for spring ball Gophers' Pitino named Big Ten Coach of the Year Celebrities Kate McKinnon of SNL lampoons Sessions in 'Forrest Gump' parody (Video) One Direction's Louis Tomlinson arrested in airport scuffle Vikings 'A true professional.' Vikings' Greenway to announce retirement Free agency might be unkind to Peterson poll Poll: What do you think of the Wild's trade with Arizona? 10,000 Takes Minnesotans are loving this mild winter, but I want more cold and snow In becoming a U.S. citizen, I realized I've been an American all along Featured Gallery Take a tour of the new Palace Theatre in St. Paul 14 photos The big, new music venue is being ran by First Avenue general manager Nate ... Featured Video Art Shanty project is an inspiring way to enjoy winter 01:17 Minnesota people talk about their Art Shanty' experiences on the open weekend ... Taste Young Joni in Minneapolis serves up restaurant of the future Granite City restaurant in St. Louis Park to close StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
HOME CLASSIFIEDS ADVERTISING SUBMIT NEWS SUBSCRIBE ABOUT US UPDATE DAILY UPDATE BREAKING NEWS NEWS NEWS HEADLINES NEWS BRIEFS BUSINESS HEADLINES TRUE CRIME CHUPACABRA SPORTS SPORTS HEADLINES VIEW BY SPORT... BASEBALL BASKETBALL CROSS COUNTRY FOOTBALL GOLF POWERLIFTING RODEO SOCCER SOFTBALL SWIMMING TRACK VOLLEYBALL WCMSPORTS.COM FRIDAY NIGHT RESULTS OBITUARIES OPINION OPINION COLUMNS COLUMNS BY AUTHOR... RACEY BURDEN JOY CARRICO ROY J. EATON RICHARD GREENE JAKE HARRIS GERRE JOINER BRIAN KNOX ERIKA PEDROZA ED STERLING KRISTEN TRIBE DAVID TALLEY LETTERS TO THE EDITOR EDITORIAL CARTOONS LIFESTYLE WEDDINGS, ENGAGEMENTS & ANNIVERSARIES NEW ARRIVALS EDUCATION EDUCATION HEADLINES HONOR ROLLS YOUTH SPOKEN PHOTOS/VIDEOS PHOTO FEATURES PHOTO REPRINTS VIDEO DIGITAL SUBSCRIBERS READ LATEST EDITION SPECIAL SECTIONS ALL AROUND WISE COLUMNS & BLOGS AG NEWS FOCUS ON 4H GARDENER'S MAILBAG LIFE IS KID'S STUFF LIFE MATTERS MOM'S THE WORD MOVIE MAN TRUE CRIME WISE NOTES LETTERS TO THE EDITOR Kindess and compassion appreciated By Ellen Whitley | Published Saturday, March 4, 2017 Tags: Bridgeport People say that people don’t care, but I beg to differ. I want to say “thank you” to the wonderful folks at our Decatur Wal-Mart for coming to my aid on March 1. I felt ill in the restroom and found myself with the all-to-familiar feeling of faintness. Thank goodness there is a bench in the restroom. I was able to make my way to it and lie down. A friendly voice asked if I was OK. I told her I wasn’t sure, and she asked if she could do anything for me. I told her I felt as though I were going to pass out and asked her for some water. A few other employees also came in, and one got me a wet towel to put on my neck. I couldn’t get up or even sit up! They asked me if I wanted them to call for an ambulance to which I agreed, and they were kind enough to have the ambulance come to the back of the store, so I would have some privacy. Then the ambulance EMTs, Christi [Walker] and Austin [Marr], took me to the emergency room. They were very compassionate, and I am grateful for their assistance. I admire all the EMTs and paramedics who do such wonderful work in and around our community. The staff at Wise Health System ER was outstanding, and I can’t thank them enough. So thank you to all who were involved in my care. Your actions are proof that kindness and compassion are not dead. Just come to Wise County and see for yourself. Ellen Whitley Bridgeport Leave a Reply. Note: As of March 24, 2011, all posted comments will include the users full name. WCMessenger.com News and Blog Comment Guidelines Click here to cancel reply. You must be logged in to post a comment. Login Username Password Remember Me Register| Forgot Password? Recent Opinion Recent Letters Driving hogs proves to be tedious task Teamwork sabotaged by Pig’s stubborn streak Oscar ‘oops’ hits a nerve in the newsroom Federal judge sides with plaintiffs in Planned Parenthood case Mending fences while building walls Popularity isn’t everything Tougher laws can also make it tougher for victims Paxton files brief in support of president’s immigration order College board antics only reinforce the need for Wise representation Turning off the news (briefly) MORE OPINION... Kindess and compassion appreciated Vouchers will destroy public education Use of biosolids ruining community Thornberry’s brags unsubstantiated Pruitt poor choice to lead EPA Studying economic inflation County overlooking road problem Flynn should be investigated Holiday decor appreciated Bursting with gratitude MORE LETTERS... © 2017 Wise County Messenger | PO Box 149, 115 South Trinity | Decatur, Texas 76234 | 940-627-5987 | E-mail webmaster@wcmessenger.com
Skip to main content Home Subscription Obits Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted Weather Circulars Jail mugs MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home E-Edition Obituaries News News All headlines Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Elections 2016 Calendar of Events Weather Featured White House aides defend Trump’s wiretapping claim North Korea fires 4 banned ballistic missiles into sea Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Rec Calendar Hy-Vee Hoopla Bracket Challenge Featured High re-guards: Glatczak, Peterson fight through setbacks, relish chance to finish season at state K-State’s Parker Rigler named Big 12 pitcher of the week after throwing no-hitter Lifestyle Life At Home Food & Drink Religion Arts & Entertainment Connected Celebrations Place an Announcement Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Featured AP Poll: Divided Americans fret country losing identity More businesses moving to Nebraska Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured Matt Johnson: Trump without the teleprompter Ramesh Ponnuru: Trump’s speech was expensive and effective Connect With Us Newspapers in Education Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Classifieds Home Local Business Directory Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Data Databases Home 2016 Retirement Facilities Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Special Topics Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Subscriptions Subscribe Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted March 3, 2017 06:01 pm - Updated March 3, 2017 10:32 pm By Josh Rouse joshua.rouse@cjonline.com Josh Rouse: Nintendo borrows from own rich history to create Switch — a handheld-console hybrid Switch released Friday alongside “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild,” other launch titles A screenshot of “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild” for the Nintendo Switch. (NINTENDO) Nintendo released its newest contribution to the gaming world on Friday with the official launch of its Nintendo Switch handheld/console hybrid at stores across the nation. Many stores, including Topeka’s four full-sized Walmart stores, Best Buy and GameStop, celebrated the event with midnight releases of the console, though stock was mainly limited to those who pre-ordered the consoles. A few extra devices were available for sale, though an employee at local game store Gamers HQ noted the console was difficult to come by and was being distributed mostly through larger retail outlets at this time. The device costs $299.99 and can be used either as a handheld gaming device, a 6.2-inch portable tablet with a kickstand that can be played with one or two remote Joy Con controllers or as a home gaming console, with a dock connecting the main unit to your home television at HD quality. The Switch houses 32 GB of internal flash memory that can be expanded via a microSDHC or microSDXC card (up to 2 TB when released). The dock includes one USB 3.0 connection and two USB 2.0 connections and the unit itself has a USB Type-C connection. It also has Wi-Fi and Bluetooth 4.1 connectivity. The major launch-day title for the Switch was “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild,” an open-world Zelda game that is enormous in scope. “1-2 Switch” is another launch title that, similar to the Wii’s “Wii Sports” game is meant to get people up and moving in a casual-gaming setting. The Bomberman series will get a new title of its own with “Super Bomberman R,” which was available as of Friday’s launch, as were “Just Dance 2017,” “Snipperclips - Cut it out, together!,” “Fast RMX,” “I am Setsuna,” two “Shovel Knight” titles and “Skylanders Imaginators.” What makes the device truly special is that it seems to be almost a Frankenstein-like creation, using some of the best parts from Nintendo’s long history of gaming consoles and handhelds to create a new, unique device. For instance, the Joy Cons are reminiscent of a Wii remote and can even be played like one, but they also can be turned on their side and played like an NES or Super Nintendo controller. The handheld screen is similar to the Wii U but with the portability of the Nintendo 3DS and has a near-field communications reader for amiibo connectivity. It’s also backlit, which seems like common sense now but was revolutionary when the Game Boy Advance SP introduced it in 2003. The controls use the Wii and Wii U’s motion sensors as part of the gaming experience, with added features that allow the system to tell the distance and position of your hand. The games also run on tiny game cartridges, harkening back to the console glory days of the Nintendo 64. Because of their small size, the cartridges have been coated with a bitter-tasting agent to prevent young children from putting the games in their mouths. As for later releases, “Blaster Master Zero” comes out March 9, “Mario Sports Superstars” is slated for March 24, and “Mario Kart 8 Deluxe” launches April 28. Other major titles to launch at later dates include “Splatoon 2,” set for a summer 2017 release, “NBA 2K18” in September 2017, “The Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim” remaster in the fall of 2017 and “Super Mario Odyssey” during the holiday 2017 season. A follow-up to “Pokemon Sun and Moon” also is reported to be in the works, with the rumored title being “Pokemon Stars.” The release date hasn’t been announced. After checking the system out for the first time on Friday, I have to say I am impressed. You can view the video of news editor Clay Wirestone and I testing it out on The Topeka Capital-Journal’s Facebook page or on the online version of this column. Advertisement Most Popular News Mon, 03/06/2017 - 23:07 Light damage reported after two tornadoes touch down in Shawnee County News Mon, 03/06/2017 - 13:30 Lindemuth case: 2,000-plus more firearms located News Mon, 03/06/2017 - 08:49 Kansas, facing huge budget deficits, wonders what to do next: a Q&A News Mon, 03/06/2017 - 22:05 Lawmaker floats Abilene as alternative to Lansing prison, but state says no plans   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Mon, 03/06/2017 - 22:22 Confidence grows for Boys & Girls Club Topeka Youth of the Year Mon, 03/06/2017 - 21:44 Auburn-Washburn board discusses college and career planning tool Mon, 03/06/2017 - 21:40 U.S. Supreme Court: Jury secrecy no bar to looking into race bias Mon, 03/06/2017 - 21:34 U.S. Supreme Court won’t say if trans teen can pick bathroom Load more This script tag should be placed in the footer:   Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2017. All Rights Reserved. X
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos TV Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow World March 4, 2017 12:31 pm Updated: March 4, 2017 12:45 pm Donald Trump fact check: His claims about NATO, jobs, military, immigration are mostly false By Calvin Woodward and Jim Drinkard The Associated Press WATCH ABOVE: Trump’s ‘Russian problem’ grows as more private meetings with U.S. officials revealed. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen WASHINGTON — The start of a new administration is never a clean slate, even when parties flip. Day One is just another day for military operations, a budget that is still in place from the old crowd and a vast array of economic, social and law enforcement initiatives left over by the last president. You would not know this from President Donald Trump. READ MORE: Donald Trump takes credit for jobs that predated his presidency He loudly and proudly takes credit for any positive development that has bloomed since he took office Jan. 20, even when the roots and buds of it were from President Barack Obama’s time. In his speech to Congress and other remarks in recent days, Trump has claimed credit for: big savings in an F-35 fighter jet contract that were in motion well before he became president. corporate job announcements that also had been months or longer in the making. an infusion of money from NATO partners that has not materialized at all, but reflects a long-standing intent by some members to increase their military capabilities. a tough-on-criminals approach to immigration enforcement that was planned and put into place during Obama’s presidency. a $12 billion drop in the U.S. debt, a routine blip traced to the regular timing of tax payments and other fiscal factors unconnected to any president. his plan to restore military supremacy, though he inherited military capabilities that are already second to none. WATCH: Trump alleges wiretapping by Obama; gives no evidence Trump does, though, seek to shift some responsibility to the last administration for an operation he authorized that did not go smoothly — the covert mission in Yemen in which a Navy SEAL and civilians were killed. That mission “was started before I got here,” Trump said. It can take months for a new president to pile up achievements or failures that are truly his own. A look at a selection of his statements from the past week: Story continues below WATCH ABOVE: Trump says he strongly supports NATO TRUMP: Speaking of the NATO alliance, “Our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in. Very nice. Very nice.” THE FACTS: No new money has come pouring in from NATO allies. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis made a strong case when he met with allied defense ministers at a NATO gathering last month, pressing them to meet their 2014 commitment to spend 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense by 2024. Mattis and other leaders said the allies understood the message and there was some discussion about working out plans to meet the goal. Only five of the 28 member countries currently meet the 2 percent level, and no new commitments have been made since the NATO meeting. Others in the alliance have routinely said they will work toward the increase. In any event, the commitment is for these nations to spend more on their own military capabilities, which would strengthen the alliance, not to hand over money. READ MORE: Who in Trump’s inner circle doesn’t have ties to Russia? TRUMP: “According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs America’s taxpayers many billions of dollars a year.” THE FACTS: That’s not exactly what that report says. It says immigrants “contribute to government finances by paying taxes and add expenditures by consuming public services.” The report found that while first-generation immigrants are more expensive to governments than their native-born counterparts, primarily at the state and local level, immigrants’ children “are among the strongest economic and fiscal contributors in the population.” This second generation contributed more in taxes on a per capita basis, for example, than did the rest of the population in the period studied, 1994-2013. The report found that the “long-run fiscal impact” of immigrants and their children would probably be seen as more positive “if their role in sustaining labor force growth and contributing to innovation and entrepreneurial activity were taken into account.” WATCH: Trump discusses money saved on Air Force One and for allies on F-35s TRUMP: “We’ve saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price” of the F-35 jet fighter. THE FACTS: The cost savings he persists in bragging about were secured in full or in large part before he became president. The head of the Air Force program announced significant price reductions in the contract for the Lockheed F-35 fighter jet Dec. 19 — after Trump had tweeted about the cost but weeks before Trump met the company’s CEO about it. Pentagon managers took action even before the election to save money on the contract. Todd Harrison, a defense analyst and aerospace specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said, “I don’t see any evidence to suggest that President Trump had anything to do with this.” WATCH: President Trump says he will bring manufacturing jobs back to America TRUMP: “Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Wal-Mart and many others have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs.” THE FACTS: Trump is taking credit for corporate jobs decisions that largely predate his election. In the case of Intel, construction of the factory in Chandler, Arizona, that Trump referred to actually began during Obama’s presidency. The project was delayed by insufficient demand for Intel’s high-powered computer chips, but the company now expects to finish the factory within four years because it anticipates business growth. READ MORE: Donald Trump saves jobs in Indiana: good PR, bad economics or something else? Some of the job announcements have come after companies, such as the wireless carrier Sprint, reduced their numbers of workers. More important, even as some companies create jobs, others are laying off workers. The best measure of whether more jobs are actually being created is the monthly employment report issued by the Labor Department, which nets out those gains and losses. The department will issue its report for February, the first full month of Trump’s term, on March 10. WATCH: Trump vows to lift defense sequester TRUMP: His budget plan will offer “one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history.” THE FACTS: Three times in recent years, Congress raised defense budgets by larger percentages than the $54 billion, or 10 percent, increase that Trump proposes. The base defense budget grew by $41 billion, or 14.3 percent, in 2002; by $37 billion, or 11.3 percent, in 2003, and by $47 billion, or 10.9 percent, in 2008, according to Defense Department figures. And going back farther, his increase doesn’t come close to ones in the defense budget seen in the early 1980s, when they hit 20 percent or more, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies. WATCH: Trump wants to restore U.S. auto industry jobs TRUMP: “Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labour force.” THE FACTS: That’s true, but for the vast majority of them, it’s because they choose to be. That 94 million figure includes everyone age 16 and older who doesn’t have a job and isn’t looking for one. It also includes retirees, parents who are staying home to raise children, and high school and college students who are studying rather than working. They are unlikely to work regardless of the state of the economy. With the huge baby boomer generation reaching retirement age and many of them retiring, the population of those out of the labor force is increasing and will continue to do so, economists forecast. It’s true that some of those out of the workforce are of working age and have given up looking for work. But that number is probably a small fraction of the 94 million Trump cited. The nation’s unemployment rate stands at 4.8 percent, near the lowest in a decade. WATCH: President Trump to speak about military spending as new scandal looms TRUMP: “Our Navy is now the smallest it’s been since, believe or not, World War I. Don’t worry. It’s going to soon be the largest it’s been.” THE FACTS: No, the fleet is not growing to the largest it’s been, or anything close. The fleet indeed shrank to its smallest size since the decade after World War I — bottoming out at 271 in 2015 before rising to 274 this year, compared with 139 in 1930. But that number alone is not that meaningful. The nature of warfare has changed since the naval battles of the world wars; the rise of air power is just one significant factor. As well, for the past few decades the Navy has dramatically increased the warfighting effectiveness of its ships, meaning it can do more with far fewer vessels than it could during the Cold War, for example. The fleet stood at a record high of 6,768 fighting ships during World War II, declined gradually in the 1950s and 1960s and dropped significantly after the Vietnam War. During the 1990s the number fell from the high 500s to the mid-300s as the Navy decommissioned many older ships and the U.S. reaped a “peace dividend” from the end of the Cold War. The count includes aircraft carriers, cruisers, destroyers, submarines, amphibious assault ships and other large combat ships. The fleet may grow more than planned if Trump’s military expansion is approved by Congress. But no one is talking about matching — much less exceeding — the enormous armada of another age. The number of Navy personnel has fallen over time, too, from more than 725,000 in 1954 to about 323,000 now. It’s unlikely to grow anywhere near that higher level. WATCH: President Trump calls illegal immigrant removal a ‘military operation’ TRUMP: “According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home — from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and yes, even the World Trade Center.” THE FACTS: It’s unclear what Justice Department data he’s citing, but the most recent government information doesn’t back up his claim. Just over half the people Trump talks about were born in the United States, according to Homeland Security Department research. That report said of 82 people the government determined were inspired by a foreign terrorist group to attempt or carry out an attack in the U.S., just over half were native-born citizens. Even the attacks Trump singled out weren’t entirely the work of foreigners. Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his Pakistani wife killed 14 people in the 2015 attack in San Bernardino, California, was born in Chicago. READ MORE: Donald Trump missed some key facts about immigrants It’s true that in the immediate aftermath of Sept. 11, the FBI’s primary concern was with terrorists from overseas feared to be plotting attacks in the United States. But that’s no longer the case. The FBI and the Justice Department have been preoccupied with violent extremists from inside the U.S. who are inspired by the calls to violence and mayhem of the Islamic State group. The Justice Department has prosecuted scores of IS-related cases since 2014, and many of the defendants are U.S. citizens. WATCH: President Trump said he will send a budget to Congress that’s “one of the largest increases in national defence spending” TRUMP on military capability: “We are going to have very soon the finest equipment in the world.” THE FACTS: Pentagon leaders have said for years that the U.S. already has the world’s best weaponry and military equipment. They sometimes claim the U.S. is in danger of losing its advantage unless the Congress continues to spend heavily to develop and build new generations of weapons. The Navy’s top officer, Adm. John Richardson, has said repeatedly that the Navy is the world’s finest. He also has said the Navy must adapt to a world of changing security threats. Richardson’s main focus has been on sharpening and changing the way sailors think about the nature of war, rather than relying on bigger budgets. “We will not be able to ‘buy’ our way out of the challenges that we face,” he wrote in a January 2016 plan for maintaining U.S. naval superiority.   © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error Defense Secretary Jim Mattis Donald Trump donald trump fact check Donald Trump immigrant comments Donald Trump immigration Donald Trump jobs Donald trump NATO Donald Trump Russia F-35 Fighter Jet NATO President Donald Trump Editor's Picks Health Why are colon cancer rates in Gen Xers and millennials in Canada rising? Canada Reality check: Canada's economic growth lower than it looks World Canada braces for spring surge of asylum seekers Tech What you need to know about 'Cloudbleed,' the latest internet security bug Tech Who is responsible when a self-driving car crashes? Insurance companies aren't sure yet Asylum By boat, taxi and on foot, latest asylum seeker into Manitoba describes long journey Canada Oil will help Alberta's economy lead Canada in 2017. But that won't translate into more jobs FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Want to discuss? Please read our Commenting Policy first. Popular Now US Park Service photos challenge Donald Trump on inauguration crowd size 5092 Canadian tax deadline: 9 things you need to know 4877 Montreal woman denied entry to U.S., told she needs immigration visa 4707 Bill Paxton's official cause of death revealed 2689 97-year-old twin sisters freeze to death after falling just steps from Rhode Island home 1966 Sponsored content Popular Videos Calgary couple turned away from U.S. for pardoned criminal record WATCH NOW Remarkable Canadian invention helps physically challenged WATCH NOW 3 Alberta families issue warning to people buying puppies online WATCH NOW Man alleges he was mistreated by security at West Edmonton Mall WATCH NOW Denied access to US because of pot past WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Richest Family in America’s Huge Trades Highlight Insider Selling: Wal-Mart, Apple, Wayfair, Equifax and More By Lee Jackson March 4, 2017 9:50 am EST Print Email Tweet While the end of the trading week was an up-and-down ride, once again the stock market hit new all-time highs as investors rushed in to buy shares. While the Trump rally has had an exceptional run since the election, it looks to be extended and getting a little tired. One thing is becoming evident, insiders are selling gigantic amounts of stock each and every week, and as long as we stay at these lofty levels, that probably will continue. We cover insider selling every week at 24/7 Wall St., and we like to remind readers that just because an individual or 10% institutional owner sells stock, that is no cause for immediate alarm. Many top executives, and even directors, are compensated with stock and often sell just to diversify portfolios or purchase other assets. Here are companies that reported notable insider selling this past week. The richest family in America is the Walton family, heirs of Sam Walton, founder of Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) back in the 1960s. This past week the family trust and an individual sold massive amounts of the stock bearing their name. Robson Walton parted with a total of 6,439,502 shares of the iconic retailer at share prices between $70.44 and $72.79. The total for the sales was a stunning $470 million. Meanwhile, the Walton Family Trust sold a total of 4.4 million shares for a total value of $314 million. Shares closed last Friday at $70.03. The 52-week trading range for the stock is $62.72 to $75.19, and the consensus price target on Wall Street is $74.94. Another huge American success story, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) also had a big seller this past week. A director at the technology giant shed a total of 215,000 shares of the stock with a total value of $29.5 million. However, the $136.72 per share sale price compares with Friday’s close at $139.78. The 52-week range for the stock is $89.47 to $140.48, and the consensus price target is $142.48. Wayfair Inc. (NYSE: W) is another company that had a board member selling last week. That director parted with a total of 498,682 shares of the e-commerce giant at prices between $37.78 and $38.32. The total or the sale was set at $19 million. The shares closed last Friday at $36.37, so it appears to be a well-timed sale. The 52-week trading range is $27.60 to $49.34. The consensus price objective is $41.93. At Tyler Technologies Inc. (NYSE: TYL) yet another director was busy selling stock. The 39,234 shares of the integrated information management solutions provider went at prices that ranged from $155.00 to $156.65 per share. The total for the sale was set at $6 million. The stock closed Friday at $152.87, in a 52-week range of $118.16 to $175.17. The posted consensus price target is $180.09. The top man at Equifax Inc. (NYSE: EFX) sold a big chunk of stock last week. CEO Richard Smith parted ways with 74,346 shares at prices that fell between $130.74 and $131.40. The total for the trade was set at $10 million. The stock ended the week at $132.80. The 52-week range for the shares is $104.66 to $139.67, and the consensus price objective is $140.50. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   These companies also reported insider selling last week: Flowserve Corp. (NYSE: FLS), GrubHub Inc. (NYSE: GRUB), MGM Resorts International (NYSE: MGM), Ultratech Inc. (NASDAQ: UTEK) and Valmont Industries Inc. (NYSE: VMI). At the risk of sounding repetitive, the volume and total dollars of insider selling continues to swamp that of the insider buying, and it looks to remain that way. While not alarming in regards to the companies involved, it could be a sign that the market is topping and a correction is close By Lee Jackson « Why Analysts Are Looking at Valeant Pharma Differently After Earnings Jefferies Cuts 2017 Natural Gas Price Forecast, Changes Ratings on Producers » Read more: Investing, featured, Insider Activity, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), Flowserve (NYSE:FLS), GRUB, MGM Resorts International (NYSE:MGM), Valmont Industries, Inc. (NYSE:VMI), W, Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular The Largest Employer in Every State The 25 Healthiest Cities in America The Most Iconic Job in Every State The Richest Town in Every State 50 Worst Cities to Live In Recent The Happiest (and Most Miserable) Cities in America The Bull Market Turns 8 Years Old: Shocking News Headlines Then Versus Now Rite Aid, Frontier Communications Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club JPMorgan, Intel Sink DJIA on Monday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Douglas Dynamics Overcomes a Weak Winter Apple Stock Nears $140: Still a Buy? 4 New Must-Read Quotes From Tesla, Inc. CEO Elon Musk Germany's DAX opens 0.1% higher at 11,964.99 France's CAC 40 opens 0.1% lower at 4,968.75 U.K.'s FTSE 100 opens 0.1% higher at 7,359.58 Why Is Nokia (NOK) Up 9.5% Since the Last Earnings Report? Computer Sciences (CSC) Up 11% Since Earnings Report: Can It Continue? Why Is Sirius XM (SIRI) Up 7.5% Since the Last Earnings Report? Snap slumps 12 percent, closes at lowest since IPO Asian stocks climb, oil down amid U.S. supply glut concerns VW CEO sees no immediate trouble from PSA-Opel deal Australia's Economy Avoids Recession China Shares Edge Up on Tech Gains Nikkei Closes Lower, Small Caps Buck Trend Republicans Just Made It Easier For Companies To Exploit Workers Donald Trump Will Decide Whether You Get Overtime Pay White House Lifts Several Sentences From Exxon Mobil Press Release Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Tuesday, March 07, 2017 12:21 PM Daily Newspaper published by GPPC Doha, Qatar. Login Sign up Sign Out MENU HOME Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall My News Home Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds SpotLight NewsWall MY NEWS Please sign in now. Email: Password: Confirmation Code: Activate account Resend confirmation code Forgot your password? Don't have an account? Sign up Please Sign up Now. Activate account Resend confirmation code play pause JD.com to get $2.1bn in finance arm’s spinoff March 04 2017 07:57 PM Business Eco./Bus. News RELATED STORIES Scandals test voters’ patience with French politicians Manmohan, ex-minister deny favouring Mallya Google's Waymo adds 100 Chryslers to self-driving fleet Fans keep faith as critics take sabres to 'Rogue One' US markets upended as quarter-end strains meet new policy shift Migrant Smuggling Florida coast Jungle camp dress JD.com’s revenue hit 80.3bn yuan for the three months ended December, beating the 76.7bn yuan average of analysts’ estimates, as Chinese spending online grew alongside the country’s middle class. Text Size: A A A Bloomberg/Beijing JD.com Inc agreed to sell its finance arm for 14.3bn yuan ($2.1bn) in cash while retaining a share of its future profits, part of a deal to spin off the fast-growing division and create a strong rival to billionaire Jack Ma’s Ant Financial. The sale and spinoff of JD Finance, a payments and investment business, will be completed by the middle of 2017, the Beijing-based company said on Thursday without naming buyers or investors apart from chief executive officer Richard Liu. The co-founder said in November he intended to split finance away from its core e-commerce business, a similar structure to what Alibaba Group Holding has with affiliate Ant Financial. The deal was outlined as Wal-Mart-backed JD reported revenue that beat analysts’ estimates. A spinoff will create a financial services powerhouse capable of providing a host of loan, securities and insurance products, Liu told staff this year. It would help it gain necessary regulatory licenses by raising money solely from domestic investors. JD Finance last raised funds in 2016 at a valuation of about $7bn. Hiving off JD’s entire 68.6% stake in JD Finance might also make the e-commerce operator itself more attractive to investors. “Confirming the sale is positive because they’re generating cash for an asset that no one had really assigned a discrete value to,” said New Street Research analyst Kirk Boodry. “The financial risk that comes with JD Finance is not something that JD investors want to  assume.” A foray into online finance will pit JD’s payments arm against Ma’s Zhejiang Ant Small & Micro Financial Services Group, the largest of a growing crop of online finance players looking to serve smaller businesses and individuals traditionally neglected by state-run banks. JD will get 40% of JD Finance’s future pretax profits, an arrangement akin to the one Alibaba maintains with Ant. It has reserved the right to swap this for 40% of the finance unit’s equity in the future. Under the deal, Liu will take about 4.3% of the unit, but maintain a majority of voting rights through proxy agreements. Liu wants his corporate empire to become one of the 10 largest Fortune 500 companies within 12 years. JD’s revenue hit 80.3bn yuan for the three months ended December, beating the 76.7bn yuan average of analysts’ estimates, as Chinese spending online grew alongside the country’s middle class. The net loss was 1.8bn yuan, compared with projections for a loss of 1.6bn yuan. Both Alibaba and JD are now targeting rural China as urban markets become saturated. E-commerce in the countryside is expected to take off alongside rising smartphone and internet penetration, even as physical retail remains under-developed. JD predicted revenue in the first quarter of 2017 would reach 72.3bn yuan to 74.3bn yuan, compared with the 73bn forecast by analysts. “The top-line growth was much better than we expected and an acceleration from last quarter,” Boodry said, adding the operating loss was lower than expected. “We still like the story.” 0 COMMENTS There are no comments. LEAVE A COMMENT Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked* Your Comment (must be logged in)* *You must register and complete fields Please you have to log in POST COMMENT MORE NEWS Al Meera ’16 profit tops QR199mn READ MORE QNBFS wins ‘2016 Best Broker in Qatar’ award from EMEA Finance READ MORE Fed may continue raising short-term rates gradually: QNB READ MORE Egypt wheat spend spree is likely blip in bloated market READ MORE Bouncing back from cash ban, India is chasing sharp V-shaped recovery READ MORE Saudi pitch to fund titans: Have $2tn, need expertise READ MORE Ambani’s Reliance stake revamp to cut tax liability READ MORE India plans to sell 51% shares in Air India READ MORE Where S Korea’s teetering, debt-laden firms go to bank READ MORE play pause Top News N Korea bars Malaysians from leaving as murder row boils 3/7/2017 9:26:38 AM QU organises 11th Career Fair 3/6/2017 11:42:04 PM Pawnee tribe sues firms over quakes 3/6/2017 11:11:56 PM Solar electricity company to start generation by 2020 3/6/2017 11:10:35 PM Qatar’s Jassim wins Emir Cup title 3/6/2017 9:52:11 PM POPULAR LATEST Iron ore could touch $100 on China’s infrastructure spree Business Mar 5, 2017 Major boost for traffic as Al Kharaitiyat Interchange opens Qatar Mar 5, 2017 Warning over Lotus biscuit spread jars Qatar Mar 7, 2017 Woqod to open 15 new stations Qatar Mar 5, 2017 Enrique never got the same credit as Guardiola at Barca Opinion Mar 6, 2017 Light showers, strong winds expected on Monday Qatar Mar 5, 2017 Offshore warning, slight drop in temperature Qatar Mar 6, 2017 Qatar sets sights on a smart future Qatar Mar 7, 2017 US-backed Iraqi forces capture Mosul bridge Region Mar 6, 2017 Tokyo 2020 seen having $284bn economic impact Japan Mar 7, 2017 Emerging economies’ currencies surge despite hopes of Fed’s monetary tightening Business Mar 6, 2017 Merritt among Olympic stars to win US indoor titles Sport Mar 6, 2017 “I’ve always believed in people, and staying the course” Culture Mar 6, 2017 Trump’s revolutionary dilemma Opinion Mar 6, 2017 HAPPENING IN DOHAMore Revival of Qatar's musical heritage and Qatari Folk singing program 9/3/2017 Aspire Splash and Dash 8/3/2017 Fitness training 7/3/2017 Picasso-Giacometti exhibition 6/3/2017 All Rights Reserved © Gulf Times.Browse GULF TIMES on any device Mobile, tablet or ipad FOLLOW US GULF TIMES SITE MAP Qatar Region International Business Sport Community Opinion Media PDF Classifieds Spotlight Newswall My News Powered By Information About Us Contact Us Careers ADVERTISE IN GULF TIMES Newspaper Website SiteMap Site Content Usage
null
Home All News Calvert County News Charles County News St. Mary’s County News Prince George’s News Anne Arundel News Traffic Cameras Law Enforcement Crime Solvers Calvert County Crime Solvers Charles County Crime Solvers St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers Fire & Rescue Obituaries Weather Community Politics Department of Defense Education Entertainment Arts Food Food Reviews Music Night Life MORE Business Opinions Commentary Editorials Letters Sports St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers High School Sports Motor Sports About Us Advertise Contact Us Wednesday’s Pet Good News FIRE/POLICE SCANNERS Food Reviews Charlotte Hall Woman Arrested for Shoplifting at Walmart February 27, 2017 Jessica Nicole Michael, 26, of Charlotte Hall On Wednesday, February 15, 2107, Deputy D. Potter of the St. Mary’s County Sheriff’s Office responded to the Walmart in California for a reported theft. The suspect, Jessica Nicole Michael, 26, of Charlotte Hall, attempted to conceal merchandise and exit the store, but was stopped by an asset protection employee. While being arrested, it was discovered Michael was in possession of suspected Suboxone and paraphernalia, including hypodermic needles. Michael was arrested and charged with Possession – CDS Not Marijuana and Theft Under $100. Jessica Nicole Michael, 26, of Charlotte Hall   This entry was posted on February 27, 2017 at 7:15 am and is filed under All News, Community, County, Law Enforcement, St. Mary's News, Top News, z Police Ad Top. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. 27 Responses to Charlotte Hall Woman Arrested for Shoplifting at Walmart Roy Rodger on February 27, 2017 at 7:17 am She’s got a better stache than me! Reply Anonymous on March 1, 2017 at 10:59 am He/She has 3 first names! Reply Ms. Justice bb on February 27, 2017 at 7:38 am This young lady needs treatment. The devil made her do it! Reply 10monthsclean on February 28, 2017 at 8:10 am She’s been in and out of treatment several times. I was in treatment with her last year! Only difference I’m 10 months clean! Reply HDMI on February 27, 2017 at 8:49 am Wow!what a scank! Reply Anonymous on February 27, 2017 at 8:58 am Scary Reply Tell You What on February 27, 2017 at 9:43 am Is it ironic Deputy Potter arrested a Hermione lookalike? Reply I'm Madder on February 27, 2017 at 2:00 pm You win the interwebz of the day! Reply Anonymous on February 27, 2017 at 10:34 am Another junkie thief. And people wonder why we all aren’t waiting in line to throw money at junkies to help get them clean. All I see is another waste of tax payer money and another wasted life. Don’t worry, judges love to release junkies who steal dozens of times before they hand out a real punishment. She won’t see more then a day in jail and she won’t learn a thing from this experience. Reply John doe on February 27, 2017 at 3:21 pm Just so you know… Incarceration cost roughly 26000 a year per inmate, whereas rehab costs roughly 6000. With that information being known, what is more of a waste of taxpayer money? Reply Ura Douche on February 28, 2017 at 6:28 am Letting them live…. Reply Anonymous on February 28, 2017 at 8:15 am Both, if people would learn how to act like adults and be responsible the tax payers would not have to come off of any money. Are you saying she should get a free pass for the theft charge? Let me ask you what would be a better use of any of that money? Sending someone to rehab or prison verses sending someone who can’t afford a good college to college. It is no secret that, with a few exceptions of course, addicts and criminals contribute very little to society even after they are clean. College graduates can find lucrative jobs, pay taxes, and stop the cycle of poverty. You say jail costs too much, well that is only because they are given too many privileges. Take away all privileges, the only thing a prisoner needs is walls, bars, a cot, and 3 minimal meals a day. I bet with a bunch of cuts we can get the incarceration cost close to the rehab cost and prison would become a punishment again. As it is now the prisoners live better than a large group of the poor in this country. They get things for free that at one time in my life I had to cut out because I considered it a luxury that I could not afford at the time. Soft on crime thinking is ruining this country and people keep sitting back and wondering why crime rates are raising for the first time in years, drug addiction is out of control, murder in some cities is rising fast, etc… Everybody keeps blaming the doctors but doctors used to hand the drugs to anyone with a paper cut and we did not have the problems we have today. I blame all these soft punishments and programs. Reply John doe on March 4, 2017 at 1:03 am Crime rates have risen minimally this year but still remain near a 30 year low. But for your other points, no I dont think they should be let go. They should be made to work off the amount of whatever they stole,or do community service. That’s beneficial to the community and its free for the taxpayers. I was just pointing out the fact that people will say they don’t want their tax money being wasted on rehab, but will happily allow 3x that much to be spent on incarceration. Rehab does not always work. People are right about that, but statistics show incarceration has even higher rates of recidivism. Also, prisoner privilege is not necessarily the reason incarceration is expensive. In Maricopa county, where their is a jail that makes inmates stay outside in tents and other things to cut costs, it still costs roughly the same per inmate as it does nationally elsewhere. You make valid points about the money being spent on education. I agree. But all that is irrelevant, all I wanted was to point out the irony in the original statement. Reply Anonymous on February 28, 2017 at 8:20 am I agree. We should let junkies commit crimes and not hold them accountable for their actions. Rehab them 6 or 7 times, or until they die, that would definitely solve the problem. Waste of taxpayer money indeed. Reply Chewy dewey on February 28, 2017 at 4:15 pm But when you go to rehab you have to want to quit, herchances of a relapse are high and would probably end up in jail or unfortunately dead. Sad, but true. . Reply Anonymous on February 27, 2017 at 10:37 am Yikes. Reply LallyLomma on February 27, 2017 at 10:46 am Wild guess, she was stealing peanuts? Wonder if she had safe shelter during that wind storm. I bet she can hear me typing this about her Reply Sivak on February 27, 2017 at 10:49 am Should’ve allowed her to shave before the mugshot. Reply Billy on February 27, 2017 at 11:13 pm She’s a dude! Reply Anonymous on February 27, 2017 at 12:26 pm The real name is most likely Michael Nicole Jessica. Weird to have 3 first names. Reply Crazy Fool on February 27, 2017 at 3:22 pm HaHaHa You all aren’t right… LMBO Reply Anonymous on February 27, 2017 at 3:50 pm I mustache, Was it really worth it? Reply Tell You What on February 27, 2017 at 5:56 pm I’ll answer that question but I’m shaving it for later. Reply Anonymous on February 27, 2017 at 10:58 pm I wonder if she was trying to steal razors or Nair!?!??..if so I would have let her ass go! and the unfortunate truth is..she will get off..they will force her to do a drug treatment program…it will go in one ear and out the other…why?…becausecit wasn’t her choice to get the help. So she will waste everyone’s time..taxpayers money and still do the same sh*t! Sad!! Reply Anonymous on February 28, 2017 at 6:30 am Aunt Bunny! Reply anonymous on February 28, 2017 at 10:03 am Addiction is no joke and until someone is truly willing to stop no matter What they won’t. I personally know that she has been to multiple rehabs and when caught bringing “stuff” into the treatment center they were still offering for her to stay for help and she walked out on her own. If your not sick of being sick and tired then nothing will stop you until the pain gets great enough you might have the chance to surrender. She’s very fortunate she is still alive and has a chance. Recovery is possible, you just have to truly want it. I think everyone should stop bashing her and just pray for her. Just my opinion. Reply Anonymous on February 28, 2017 at 10:19 am i am not going to down anyone. i just hope that people like this. will get help with this epedimic. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment * Name Email Southern Maryland Weather 48° clear sky humidity: 71% wind: 8mph SSW H 48 • L 48 56° Wed 65° Thu 50° Fri 38° Sat 36° Sun extended forecast Weather from OpenWeatherMap Archives March 2017 (66) February 2017 (241) January 2017 (250) December 2016 (241) November 2016 (256) October 2016 (319) September 2016 (270) August 2016 (275) July 2016 (240) June 2016 (298) May 2016 (372) April 2016 (288) March 2016 (324) February 2016 (330) January 2016 (296) December 2015 (299) November 2015 (267) October 2015 (323) September 2015 (340) August 2015 (320) July 2015 (309) June 2015 (351) May 2015 (289) April 2015 (300) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (264) January 2015 (285) December 2014 (271) November 2014 (272) October 2014 (288) September 2014 (324) August 2014 (272) July 2014 (298) June 2014 (306) May 2014 (376) April 2014 (451) March 2014 (584) February 2014 (503) January 2014 (627) December 2013 (603) November 2013 (587) October 2013 (600) September 2013 (543) August 2013 (528) July 2013 (594) June 2013 (560) May 2013 (591) April 2013 (614) March 2013 (542) February 2013 (445) January 2013 (455) December 2012 (389) November 2012 (415) October 2012 (552) September 2012 (376) August 2012 (307) July 2012 (318) June 2012 (317) May 2012 (325) April 2012 (294) March 2012 (319) February 2012 (291) January 2012 (311) December 2011 (290) November 2011 (294) October 2011 (239) September 2011 (251) Copyright © 2016 Southern Maryland News Net. All Rights Reserved.
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Sign In Username Subscribe Accessibility for screenreader Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Podcasts Cape Up Ciquizza Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments1 The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Politics AP FACT CHECK: Trump’s skewed ledger of achievements The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it FILE - In this March 2, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump gestures as he speaks to Navy and shipyard personnel aboard nuclear aircraft carrier Gerald R. Ford at Newport News Shipbuilding in Newport News, Va. (Steve Helber, File/Associated Press) By Calvin Woodward and Jim Drinkard | AP By Calvin Woodward and Jim Drinkard | AP March 4 WASHINGTON — The start of a new administration is never a clean slate, even when parties flip. Day One is just another day for military operations, a budget that is still in place from the old crowd and a vast array of economic, social and law enforcement initiatives left over by the last president. You would not know this from President Donald Trump. He loudly and proudly takes credit for any positive development that has bloomed since he took office Jan. 20, even when the roots and buds of it were from President Barack Obama’s time. In his speech to Congress and other remarks in recent days, Trump has claimed credit for: —big savings in an F-35 fighter jet contract that were in motion well before he became president. —corporate job announcements that also had been months or longer in the making. —an infusion of money from NATO partners that has not materialized at all, but reflects a long-standing intent by some members to increase their military capabilities. —a tough-on-criminals approach to immigration enforcement that was planned and put into place during Obama’s presidency. —a $12 billion drop in the U.S. debt, a routine blip traced to the regular timing of tax payments and other fiscal factors unconnected to any president. —his plan to restore military supremacy, though he inherited military capabilities that are already second to none. Trump does, though, seek to shift some responsibility to the last administration for an operation he authorized that did not go smoothly — the covert mission in Yemen in which a Navy SEAL and civilians were killed. That mission “was started before I got here,” Trump said. It can take months for a new president to pile up achievements or failures that are truly his own. A look at a selection of his statements from the past week: TRUMP: Speaking of the NATO alliance, “Our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in. Very nice. Very nice.” THE FACTS: No new money has come pouring in from NATO allies. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis made a strong case when he met with allied defense ministers at a NATO gathering last month, pressing them to meet their 2014 commitment to spend 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense by 2024. Mattis and other leaders said the allies understood the message and there was some discussion about working out plans to meet the goal. Only five of the 28 member countries currently meet the 2 percent level, and no new commitments have been made since the NATO meeting. Others in the alliance have routinely said they will work toward the increase. In any event, the commitment is for these nations to spend more on their own military capabilities, which would strengthen the alliance, not to hand over money. ___ TRUMP: “According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs America’s taxpayers many billions of dollars a year.” THE FACTS: That’s not exactly what that report says. It says immigrants “contribute to government finances by paying taxes and add expenditures by consuming public services.” The report found that while first-generation immigrants are more expensive to governments than their native-born counterparts, primarily at the state and local level, immigrants’ children “are among the strongest economic and fiscal contributors in the population.” This second generation contributed more in taxes on a per capita basis, for example, than did the rest of the population in the period studied, 1994-2013. The report found that the “long-run fiscal impact” of immigrants and their children would probably be seen as more positive “if their role in sustaining labor force growth and contributing to innovation and entrepreneurial activity were taken into account.” ___ TRUMP: “We’ve saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price” of the F-35 jet fighter. THE FACTS: The cost savings he persists in bragging about were secured in full or in large part before he became president. The head of the Air Force program announced significant price reductions in the contract for the Lockheed F-35 fighter jet Dec. 19 — after Trump had tweeted about the cost but weeks before Trump met the company’s CEO about it. Pentagon managers took action even before the election to save money on the contract. Todd Harrison, a defense analyst and aerospace specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said, “I don’t see any evidence to suggest that President Trump had anything to do with this.” ___ TRUMP: “Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Wal-Mart and many others have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs.” THE FACTS: Trump is taking credit for corporate jobs decisions that largely predate his election. In the case of Intel, construction of the factory in Chandler, Arizona, that Trump referred to actually began during Obama’s presidency. The project was delayed by insufficient demand for Intel’s high-powered computer chips, but the company now expects to finish the factory within four years because it anticipates business growth. Some of the job announcements have come after companies, such as the wireless carrier Sprint, reduced their numbers of workers. More important, even as some companies create jobs, others are laying off workers. The best measure of whether more jobs are actually being created is the monthly employment report issued by the Labor Department, which nets out those gains and losses. The department will issue its report for February, the first full month of Trump’s term, on March 10. ___ TRUMP: His budget plan will offer “one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history.” THE FACTS: Three times in recent years, Congress raised defense budgets by larger percentages than the $54 billion, or 10 percent, increase that Trump proposes. The base defense budget grew by $41 billion, or 14.3 percent, in 2002; by $37 billion, or 11.3 percent, in 2003, and by $47 billion, or 10.9 percent, in 2008, according to Defense Department figures. And going back farther, his increase doesn’t come close to ones in the defense budget seen in the early 1980s, when they hit 20 percent or more, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies. ___ TRUMP: “Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force.” THE FACTS: That’s true, but for the vast majority of them, it’s because they choose to be. That 94 million figure includes everyone age 16 and older who doesn’t have a job and isn’t looking for one. It also includes retirees, parents who are staying home to raise children, and high school and college students who are studying rather than working. They are unlikely to work regardless of the state of the economy. With the huge baby boomer generation reaching retirement age and many of them retiring, the population of those out of the labor force is increasing and will continue to do so, economists forecast. It’s true that some of those out of the workforce are of working age and have given up looking for work. But that number is probably a small fraction of the 94 million Trump cited. The nation’s unemployment rate stands at 4.8 percent, near the lowest in a decade. ___ TRUMP: “Our Navy is now the smallest it’s been since, believe or not, World War I. Don’t worry. It’s going to soon be the largest it’s been.” THE FACTS: No, the fleet is not growing to the largest it’s been, or anything close. The fleet indeed shrank to its smallest size since the decade after World War I — bottoming out at 271 in 2015 before rising to 274 this year, compared with 139 in 1930. But that number alone is not that meaningful. The nature of warfare has changed since the naval battles of the world wars; the rise of air power is just one significant factor. As well, for the past few decades the Navy has dramatically increased the warfighting effectiveness of its ships, meaning it can do more with far fewer vessels than it could during the Cold War, for example. The fleet stood at a record high of 6,768 fighting ships during World War II, declined gradually in the 1950s and 1960s and dropped significantly after the Vietnam War. During the 1990s the number fell from the high 500s to the mid-300s as the Navy decommissioned many older ships and the U.S. reaped a “peace dividend” from the end of the Cold War. The count includes aircraft carriers, cruisers, destroyers, submarines, amphibious assault ships and other large combat ships. The fleet may grow more than planned if Trump’s military expansion is approved by Congress. But no one is talking about matching — much less exceeding — the enormous armada of another age. The number of Navy personnel has fallen over time, too, from more than 725,000 in 1954 to about 323,000 now. It’s unlikely to grow anywhere near that higher level. ___ TRUMP: “According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home — from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and yes, even the World Trade Center.” THE FACTS: It’s unclear what Justice Department data he’s citing, but the most recent government information doesn’t back up his claim. Just over half the people Trump talks about were born in the United States, according to Homeland Security Department research. That report said of 82 people the government determined were inspired by a foreign terrorist group to attempt or carry out an attack in the U.S., just over half were native-born citizens. Even the attacks Trump singled out weren’t entirely the work of foreigners. Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his Pakistani wife killed 14 people in the 2015 attack in San Bernardino, California, was born in Chicago. It’s true that in the immediate aftermath of Sept. 11, the FBI’s primary concern was with terrorists from overseas feared to be plotting attacks in the United States. But that’s no longer the case. The FBI and the Justice Department have been preoccupied with violent extremists from inside the U.S. who are inspired by the calls to violence and mayhem of the Islamic State group. The Justice Department has prosecuted scores of IS-related cases since 2014, and many of the defendants are U.S. citizens. ___ TRUMP on military capability: “We are going to have very soon the finest equipment in the world.” THE FACTS: Pentagon leaders have said for years that the U.S. already has the world’s best weaponry and military equipment. They sometimes claim the U.S. is in danger of losing its advantage unless the Congress continues to spend heavily to develop and build new generations of weapons. The Navy’s top officer, Adm. John Richardson, has said repeatedly that the Navy is the world’s finest. He also has said the Navy must adapt to a world of changing security threats. Richardson’s main focus has been on sharpening and changing the way sailors think about the nature of war, rather than relying on bigger budgets. “We will not be able to ‘buy’ our way out of the challenges that we face,” he wrote in a January 2016 plan for maintaining U.S. naval superiority. ___ Find all AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd ___ Associated Press writers Robert Burns, Alicia A. Caldwell, Eric Tucker, Lolita C. Baldor and Christopher S. Rugaber contributed to this report. EDITOR’S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. politics congress Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters politics congress Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando true endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 1 Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email 1 Show Comments Discussion Policy 0 Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Delicious Most Read 1 White House aides contort themselves trying to defend Trump wiretap claims 2 Inside Trump’s fury: The president rages at leaks, setbacks and accusations 3 Analysis The astounding political divide over what it means to be ‘American’ 4 FBI Director Comey asked Justice officials to refute Trump’s unproven wiretapping claim 5 Analysis ‘Stupid Watergate’: John Oliver mocks Trump’s Russia scandal — and the president’s response Inside 'Trump Revealed' Read stories based on reporting for “Trump Revealed,” a broad, comprehensive biography of the life of the president. Reporting archive: Trump’s financial records, depositions and interview transcripts politics congress Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad AP FACT CHECK: Trump's skewed ledger of achievements By Associated Press Published: 09:24 EST, 4 March 2017 | Updated: 09:29 EST, 4 March 2017 e-mail WASHINGTON (AP) - The start of a new administration is never a clean slate, even when parties flip. Day One is just another day for military operations, a budget that is still in place from the old crowd and a vast array of economic, social and law enforcement initiatives left over by the last president. You would not know this from President Donald Trump. He loudly and proudly takes credit for any positive development that has bloomed since he took office Jan. 20, even when the roots and buds of it were from President Barack Obama's time. In his speech to Congress and other remarks in recent days, Trump has claimed credit for: FILE - In this March 2, 2017 file photo, President Donald Trump gestures as he speaks to Navy and shipyard personnel aboard nuclear aircraft carrier Gerald R. Ford at Newport News Shipbuilding in Newport News, Va. (AP Photo/Steve Helber, File) -big savings in an F-35 fighter jet contract that were in motion well before he became president. -corporate job announcements that also had been months or longer in the making. -an infusion of money from NATO partners that has not materialized at all, but reflects a long-standing intent by some members to increase their military capabilities. -a tough-on-criminals approach to immigration enforcement that was planned and put into place during Obama's presidency. -a $12 billion drop in the U.S. debt, a routine blip traced to the regular timing of tax payments and other fiscal factors unconnected to any president. -his plan to restore military supremacy, though he inherited military capabilities that are already second to none. Trump does, though, seek to shift some responsibility to the last administration for an operation he authorized that did not go smoothly - the covert mission in Yemen in which a Navy SEAL and civilians were killed. That mission "was started before I got here," Trump said. It can take months for a new president to pile up achievements or failures that are truly his own. A look at a selection of his statements from the past week: TRUMP: Speaking of the NATO alliance, "Our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in. Very nice. Very nice." THE FACTS: No new money has come pouring in from NATO allies. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis made a strong case when he met with allied defense ministers at a NATO gathering last month, pressing them to meet their 2014 commitment to spend 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense by 2024. Mattis and other leaders said the allies understood the message and there was some discussion about working out plans to meet the goal. Only five of the 28 member countries currently meet the 2 percent level, and no new commitments have been made since the NATO meeting. Others in the alliance have routinely said they will work toward the increase. In any event, the commitment is for these nations to spend more on their own military capabilities, which would strengthen the alliance, not to hand over money. ___ TRUMP: "According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs America's taxpayers many billions of dollars a year." THE FACTS: That's not exactly what that report says. It says immigrants "contribute to government finances by paying taxes and add expenditures by consuming public services." The report found that while first-generation immigrants are more expensive to governments than their native-born counterparts, primarily at the state and local level, immigrants' children "are among the strongest economic and fiscal contributors in the population." This second generation contributed more in taxes on a per capita basis, for example, than did the rest of the population in the period studied, 1994-2013. The report found that the "long-run fiscal impact" of immigrants and their children would probably be seen as more positive "if their role in sustaining labor force growth and contributing to innovation and entrepreneurial activity were taken into account." ___ TRUMP: "We've saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price" of the F-35 jet fighter. THE FACTS: The cost savings he persists in bragging about were secured in full or in large part before he became president. The head of the Air Force program announced significant price reductions in the contract for the Lockheed F-35 fighter jet Dec. 19 - after Trump had tweeted about the cost but weeks before Trump met the company's CEO about it. Pentagon managers took action even before the election to save money on the contract. Todd Harrison, a defense analyst and aerospace specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said, "I don't see any evidence to suggest that President Trump had anything to do with this." ___ TRUMP: "Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Wal-Mart and many others have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs." THE FACTS: Trump is taking credit for corporate jobs decisions that largely predate his election. In the case of Intel, construction of the factory in Chandler, Arizona, that Trump referred to actually began during Obama's presidency. The project was delayed by insufficient demand for Intel's high-powered computer chips, but the company now expects to finish the factory within four years because it anticipates business growth. Some of the job announcements have come after companies, such as the wireless carrier Sprint, reduced their numbers of workers. More important, even as some companies create jobs, others are laying off workers. The best measure of whether more jobs are actually being created is the monthly employment report issued by the Labor Department, which nets out those gains and losses. The department will issue its report for February, the first full month of Trump's term, on March 10. ___ TRUMP: His budget plan will offer "one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history." THE FACTS: Three times in recent years, Congress raised defense budgets by larger percentages than the $54 billion, or 10 percent, increase that Trump proposes. The base defense budget grew by $41 billion, or 14.3 percent, in 2002; by $37 billion, or 11.3 percent, in 2003, and by $47 billion, or 10.9 percent, in 2008, according to Defense Department figures. And going back farther, his increase doesn't come close to ones in the defense budget seen in the early 1980s, when they hit 20 percent or more, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies. ___ TRUMP: "Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force." THE FACTS: That's true, but for the vast majority of them, it's because they choose to be. That 94 million figure includes everyone age 16 and older who doesn't have a job and isn't looking for one. It also includes retirees, parents who are staying home to raise children, and high school and college students who are studying rather than working. They are unlikely to work regardless of the state of the economy. With the huge baby boomer generation reaching retirement age and many of them retiring, the population of those out of the labor force is increasing and will continue to do so, economists forecast. It's true that some of those out of the workforce are of working age and have given up looking for work. But that number is probably a small fraction of the 94 million Trump cited. The nation's unemployment rate stands at 4.8 percent, near the lowest in a decade. ___ TRUMP: "Our Navy is now the smallest it's been since, believe or not, World War I. Don't worry. It's going to soon be the largest it's been." THE FACTS: No, the fleet is not growing to the largest it's been, or anything close. The fleet indeed shrank to its smallest size since the decade after World War I - bottoming out at 271 in 2015 before rising to 274 this year, compared with 139 in 1930. But that number alone is not that meaningful. The nature of warfare has changed since the naval battles of the world wars; the rise of air power is just one significant factor. As well, for the past few decades the Navy has dramatically increased the warfighting effectiveness of its ships, meaning it can do more with far fewer vessels than it could during the Cold War, for example. The fleet stood at a record high of 6,768 fighting ships during World War II, declined gradually in the 1950s and 1960s and dropped significantly after the Vietnam War. During the 1990s the number fell from the high 500s to the mid-300s as the Navy decommissioned many older ships and the U.S. reaped a "peace dividend" from the end of the Cold War. The count includes aircraft carriers, cruisers, destroyers, submarines, amphibious assault ships and other large combat ships. The fleet may grow more than planned if Trump's military expansion is approved by Congress. But no one is talking about matching - much less exceeding - the enormous armada of another age. The number of Navy personnel has fallen over time, too, from more than 725,000 in 1954 to about 323,000 now. It's unlikely to grow anywhere near that higher level. ___ TRUMP: "According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home - from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and yes, even the World Trade Center." THE FACTS: It's unclear what Justice Department data he's citing, but the most recent government information doesn't back up his claim. Just over half the people Trump talks about were born in the United States, according to Homeland Security Department research. That report said of 82 people the government determined were inspired by a foreign terrorist group to attempt or carry out an attack in the U.S., just over half were native-born citizens. Even the attacks Trump singled out weren't entirely the work of foreigners. Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his Pakistani wife killed 14 people in the 2015 attack in San Bernardino, California, was born in Chicago. It's true that in the immediate aftermath of Sept. 11, the FBI's primary concern was with terrorists from overseas feared to be plotting attacks in the United States. But that's no longer the case. The FBI and the Justice Department have been preoccupied with violent extremists from inside the U.S. who are inspired by the calls to violence and mayhem of the Islamic State group. The Justice Department has prosecuted scores of IS-related cases since 2014, and many of the defendants are U.S. citizens. ___ TRUMP on military capability: "We are going to have very soon the finest equipment in the world." THE FACTS: Pentagon leaders have said for years that the U.S. already has the world's best weaponry and military equipment. They sometimes claim the U.S. is in danger of losing its advantage unless the Congress continues to spend heavily to develop and build new generations of weapons. The Navy's top officer, Adm. John Richardson, has said repeatedly that the Navy is the world's finest. He also has said the Navy must adapt to a world of changing security threats. Richardson's main focus has been on sharpening and changing the way sailors think about the nature of war, rather than relying on bigger budgets. "We will not be able to 'buy' our way out of the challenges that we face," he wrote in a January 2016 plan for maintaining U.S. naval superiority. ___ Find all AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd ___ Associated Press writers Robert Burns, Alicia A. Caldwell, Eric Tucker, Lolita C. Baldor and Christopher S. Rugaber contributed to this report. Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS Happy birthday partner! Ryan Gosling joins Eva Mendes as she celebrates turning 43 with family in Los Angeles His leading lady Corrie's Tina O'Brien admits she's putting off planning her wedding to fiancé Adam Crofts... and says her daughter wants her to wear a 'meringue dress' Anything for her princess! Pregnant Beyonce dresses five-year-old Blue Ivy in £21K silk-chiffon Gucci dress for Beauty And The Beast premiere BBC viewers are left RAGING as it's revealed the winners of Gary Barlow's Let It Shine will only be backing singers and NOT feature as a Take That-style band 'I forgive you for not always being there': Lily Collins pens an open letter to her music legend father forgiving him for 'not being the dad I expected' TV presenter Cherry Healey talks about lunch on the go, her three-year-old son's love of healthy eating as she tries M&S' new sushi  SPONSORED Flop Gear: Two million viewers abandon BBC's tribute act to Clarkson and Co - CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV 'I'm maternal': Kate Moss discusses her model protégés as she stages her first talent agency photoshoot for VOGUE magazine The model mother PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: One way to pass the time! Lauren Goodger swaps swimwear for lingerie as she flaunts slim figure in lace body on boozy Dubai trip I'm not exactly wealthy, says Joan Collins (who is worth £24million): Star, 83, blasts suggestion she is rich because she has no 'f**** you' money It's Kim the movie star! Kardashian makes her Oceans Eight cameo... and bares her figure in sheer lace gown Back to (big screen) business 'Be beautiful': Irina Shayk stuns in cleavage-baring snapshot of herself in sheer lace bralette Was up front with her Instagram followers He should be so lucky! Window washer stumbles upon Kylie Minogue in her Sydney hotel room and the good sport singer poses for a cheeky snap  'I didn't see that coming!': Emmerdale fans are left in shock as Joanie Wright suddenly dies minutes after being released from prison Unexpected shock EXCLUSIVE: 'I'm 18 weeks pregnant!' MIC finally teases the moment Binky Felstead tells her gobsmacked pals she's expecting a baby in the first trailer Worse for wear Julianne Hough and Nina Dobrev show some battle scars from wild bachelorette weekend as they return home to Los Angeles EXCLUSIVE: Trouble brewing? Louis Tomlinson gets the coffees in at his LA home as he calls in 'Mad Dog' lawyer to oversee airport bust-up defence  Suits you! Emma Watson wears two glamorous outfits for TV appearance...after defending herself as a feminist She means business 'Haters will say it's photoshopped': Kim Kardashian posts tongue-in-cheek Snapchat photo of hourglass figure Poking fun Smooch! Bella Thorne and Chandler Parsons share steamy make-out session during holiday in Mexico Another day, another new beau 'I wanted John Bishop to smash it - all it's done is make me want to smash my TV': ITV's troubled Nightly Show gets a new host but is STILL slammed by fans Rihanna is covered up in HUGE lime green coat... while braless supermodels bare ALL at Fenty x Puma Paris Fashion Week extravaganza Lily Donaldson shows off her incredible figure as she struts onto Rihanna's Fenty x Puma PFW runway in a tiny yellow crop top and sporty shorts Stella Maxwell leaves nothing to the imagination as she flashes entire underboob at Rihanna's Fenty x Puma PFW show 'Dream's cousin Reign is the sweetest': Rob Kardashian shares heart-melting video of Kourtney's son kissing his baby daughter A mother's love Playtime! Chrissy Teigen shares fun Snapchat video with daughter Luna after revealing she's being treated for postpartum depression 'She is absolutely stealing this series': Julie Hesmondhalgh is praised for her role as a rape victim... but viewers are left alarmed with police treatment The victim is terrorised again and her husband destroys evidence...The dark secrets were just beginning in Broadchurch, by Jim Shelley  No Bad Blood here! Tom Hiddleston poses backstage with Taylor Swift's longtime pal Ed Sheeran Still pals with her squad despite split FIRST LOOK! Former Lois & Clark star Teri Hatcher returns to comic book genre as she debuts on Supergirl... as a villain Played Lois Lane  Superstar Adele gifts three-year-old with chronic lung condition tickets to her Brisbane concert... after the little girl used her songs to 'learn to sing again' Smoking hot! Jonah Hill puffs on cigarette as he shows off slimmer frame in denim on solo outing Looked slimmer than ever 'I should f**k Miley Cyrus': Nick Cannon rambles on YouTube after 'leaving the No. 1 show on TV to promote a mix tape' Bizarre clip  'Young love!' Bella Hadid and Yolanda Foster give Anwar and his older girlfriend Nicola Peltz their blessings as they post sweet kissing snap Workout queen! Bella Thorne flashes flesh in revealing mesh top and black bra for aerobics session Not exactly the usual gym gear 'Little legends': Chris Hemsworth posts VERY cute snap of his two sons after overhearing their hilarious advice for not 'being eaten by a crocodile' in Byron Bay Doing a Taylor? Kylie Minogue reveals breakup album following her split with Joshua Sasse as she stuns in slinky slip dress at Specsavers event 'Can we please just do it?' Kylie Minogue reaffirms support for Oz marriage equality after ex-fiance Joshua Sasse ditches their Say I Do Down Under campaign  Make-up free Mena Suvari works up a sweat at Cycle for Survival to support rare cancer research Got on her bike for charity  The mane attraction! Jennifer Lopez is a modern day Rapunzel as she rocks an impossibly long ponytail Rapunzel, Rapunzel, let down your hair! Laura Whitmore shows off her enviably slender pins in a pair of skin-tight leather trousers as she attends musical showcase in Soho  EXCLUSIVE 'I cry when I'm tired and hungry': Jourdan Dunn on toll of modelling, quitting her 'heavy' dependency on psychics and starstruck partying with Beyoncé Who's that? Marion Cotillard sheds demure image with long locks and plumped lips in shots from new film Share sultry photos from her latest comedy 'Chill out people!' Madonna posts sweet snap of newly adopted twins as she teases Rebel Heart DVD release Going strong! Felicity Huffman shines in black dress with plunging neckline at gala with William H. Macy in NYC She's never looked better  Taking tips? Pregnant Cheryl posts adoring comment on pal Kimberley Walsh's mothering snap... as speculation rumbles over baby's birth David Beckham dons his best tweed flat cap to shoot an advert in the park in London... and brings along his beloved pooch Olive as his co-star Fast woman! Rita Ora covers up in quirky off-duty ensemble as she arrives back in Paris for more Fashion Week fun after last week's flying visit to the capital Newly engaged Samira Wiley hits Miami for bachelorette party with OINTB costars Danielle Brooks and Uzo Aduba Flying solo! Makeup free Ruby Rose leaves Sydney Airport without her popstar girlfriend Jessica Origliasso following loved-up display The Force is no longer with him! Ewan McGregor is unrecognisable as overweight and balding criminal in teaser for new season of Fargo Walking to the end together! Ian Somerhalder and Nikki Reed hold hands on stroll ahead of Vampire Diaries series finale All bite on the night Salma Hayek stuns in a lace column dress at the Alexander McQueen PFW Show... before nipping across town to catch Rihanna's new collection  The couple that dresses together... Lionel Richie, 67, matches in black with younger girlfriend Lisa Parigi Out and about Leather and lace! Kristen Bell pairs white patterned top with black mini skirt for NBC party in Hollywood Always looks the part Victoria's Secret Angel Elsa Hosk gives Paris Fashion Week a miss and pounds the New York sidewalk in a casual white beanie and stylish forest green coat The ride of his life! Dita Von Teese gives her Devonshire Rex cat Aleister a lift on top of her designer luggage as she makes her way through LAX Baby One More Time! Britney Spears does grueling crunches as she preps for Vegas residency She is focused on fitness for her return to stage Bra-vo! Elisha Cuthbert exposes her undergarment in gray sheer top at premiere for Goon: Last Of The Enforcers Sheer delight 'He needed a wheelchair!' Kate Garraway reveals two-week sex challenge with husband ended in A&E... as she relives crotch-less knicker HORROR Heather Locklear looks happy and healthy as she suns herself in a bikini on Hawaii break with daughter Ava after rehab rumors Meryl Streep and Tom Hanks to team up onscreen for the first time in Steven Spielberg drama The Post Two Oscar-winning legends unite PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Marriage is a walk in the park! Michelle Keegan joins husband Mark Wright for a stroll with dogs... after shooting down 'marital strife'  Englishwoman in New York! Trudie Styler looks effortlessly stylish without husband Sting at Our Dream Of Water premiere Looked chic Ashley Tisdale works up a sweat at the gym after slamming Twitter troll who said she looked 'pregnant' High School Musical star was back to working out Bringing the 90s back! Sofia Richie looks hip in over-sized denim jacket and retro sunglasses The 18-year-old looked casual in a pair of baggy Givenchy track pants A flare for fashion! Karlie Kloss steps out in baggy red trousers as she stretches her legs in New York Rocking some chic Seventies style EXCLUSIVE! 'My gut said don't do it': MIC's resident musician Julius Cowdrey reveals he had the chance to be on The Voice and X Factor... but it didn't feel right 'I'm really happy': Vanderpump Rules star Scheana Shay gushes about new boyfriend Robert Valletta Split from her husband in November  She's a Barbie girl! Sophie Monk proves she's still a kid at heart as she posts a bizarre video of her playing dolls with her niece A very pregnant Beyonce dazzles in emerald gown as Jay Z and Blue Ivy look on at premiere of Beauty And The Beast in newly released images She's a catwalk queen after all... Chuckling Bella Hadid is presented with tiara by vying admirer while looking slick in white suit during Paris outing Dancing On Ice'to make a surprise comeback' three years after it was axed... as ITV bosses 'believe the decision to cancel the show was a mistake'  Oops! Farrah Abraham suffers wardrobe malfunction as she spills out of VERY revealing bikini during shoot in LA Harry Potter And The Cursed Child is up for ELEVEN Olivier awards...the most ever for a new West End play  Wowing critics and audiences 'Anyone who has success in this industry is marginalized!' Cate Blanchett defends 'cultural elite' and says her moral compass is in her VAGINA  Here comes Heidi! Klum looks set to make a cameo appearance in Ocean's Eight as she's pictured on set There is a very impressive line up Sweet like candy! Millie Mackintosh struts her way to a meeting in Paris in a bubblegum pink power suit with feathered cuffs Specs appeal! Atlanta de Cadenet Taylor rocks the geek chic look in overalls, glasses and a cardigan Biking around! Pierce Brosnan enjoys a beachside bicycle ride with wife Keely Shaye Smith James Bond's ride of choice is an Aston Martin Brooklyn Beckham sparks rumours his romance with Chloe Moretz is back on as the exes engage in cryptic social media interaction six months after split 'It's not been the easiest times of late': Kylie Minogue breaks her silence on split from fiance Joshua Sasse revealing 'I have no regrets' Her two biggest hits! Iggy Azalea flaunts her artificial assets in a VERY racy swimsuit and thigh-high boots after announcing her rap comeback 'Things can go amazingly and there can be ups and downs': Ruby Rose speaks about her relationship with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso Tea time! Reese Witherspoon wears flirty dress as she picks up iced beverage in LA day after her hit series Big Little Lies airs riveting episode An epic voyage cast adrift in a sea of tears and whingeing: CHRISTOPHER STEVENS reviews last night's TV  Louis Tomlinson fans 'send airport bust-up girl 2,000 online threats making her too scared to leave her house'  Ana Becerra, 22 He's got specs appeal! Justin Bieber wears his favourite glasses and flaunts his tattooed biceps as he exercises and heads to skate park before Perth show 'I look stupid skinny!' Amy Schumer reveals she hated her body after shedding pounds for Trainwreck 'I'm what Hollywood calls, very fat' 'Everybody was so nice!' Paris Jackson gushes about making her acting debut on Fox TV musical drama Star Plays a social media guru  Tess Holliday shares sweet snap of son Bowie in the buff - and threatens to block anyone who deems the image 'inappropriate' They're out! Original Real Housewives Of New Jersey cast members Jacqueline Laurita and Kathy Wakile 'axed from season eight' Warrant out for Azealia Banks after she fails to attend a court session related to 2015 incident in which she allegedly bit female nightclub bouncer's breast PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: You know that I want you! Lady Gaga gives Christian Carino a lingering kiss... while he offers her his jacket on night out 'This film is one of inclusiveness!' Josh Gad praises Beauty And The Beast for embracing 'unity' as he plays Disney's first gay character Buckle up! Brie Larson puts on a leggy display in 1960s-inspired mini-dress as she hits promotional trail for Kong: Skull Island Chic Melissa George makes rare public appearance at Hermes show at Paris Fashion Week after alleged domestic violence incident with partner Winning! Jon Cryer to make big return to TV after two-year hiatus with ABC comedy pilot Losing It The two-time Emmy-winning star  Real Housewives of Miami star Joanna Krupa shows off her toned figure in a skin-tight strapless dress as she steps out at canine charity event in Warsaw 'Good times!': Jennifer Lopez beams with Leah Remini and Derek Hough at Shades Of Blue viewing party as season two gets off to nice start The Talented Mr Damon: Boston native Matt will narrate a new documentary about the marathon bombing in his hometown Lends his voice 'There's talk!' Jax Taylor reveals possible Vanderpump Rules spin-off will follow his relationship with Brittany Cartwright Fan favourites From Ramsay street to Robin Hood! Margot Robbie lands second successive LEAD role after being cast as Marian in re-imagining of classic folk tale Megan McKenna and Amber Turner enjoy a girls' night out in Essex... as their love life drama airs in explosive new series of TOWIE Cara Delevingne shows off her striking new platinum blonde locks as she steps out in cool off-duty look in Paris Doting mommy! Charlize Theron shows off slim frame in leggings and baggy sweater as she treats young son Jackson to lunch in LA 'You're the most beautiful girl in the room': Chrissy Metz  reveals the sweet note boyfriend Josh Stancil wrote her ahead of a red carpet appearance Is it too late now to say sorry? Justin Bieber awkwardly clutches his back-up dancer in Perth performance, after taking to the stage more than half an hour late  Anna Faris and Eugenio Derbez to recreate Goldie Hawn and Kurt Russell comedy classic Overboard Joshua Jackson shares a laugh with Teen Wolf actress pal Crystal Reed Don't Reed too much into who this ex couple have been hanging out with 'We are beyond blessed': Jamie Lynn Spears reflects on 'worst nightmare' one month after daughter's life threatening ATV accident 'There's something I need that I can't get from you!' Chloe Sims shoots down Liam Gatsby's attempts to win her back Details of the engagement: Joy-Anna Duggar, 19, had TWO chaperones during proposal that took place while on a horse trail in Arkansas 'Our kids should not be held hostage': Chance The Rapper to donate $1 million to Chicago Public Schools after 'unsuccessful' meeting with governor 'Ask God to heal her!' Fantasia cancels concert after suffering second degree burns on her arm Had to cancel a concert in Memphis  The pecs factor! Joe McElderry shows off his impressive weight-loss in a sizzling shirtless snap Former X Factor winner has been working out Bethenny Frankel goes skinny dipping, shares girl on girl kiss and sobs over MORE cheating claims about Luann's man in explosive RHONY trailer 'She RUINED her!' Lorde's fans take to social media to bash Taylor Swift after complaining about the New Zealand native's new track Making Hollywood friends! UFC fighter Ronda Rousey bonds with Jaimie Alexander as she tapes guest appearance for TV's Blindspot Which of Nick Viall's female suitors on The Bachelor will take the trip to Mexico for Bachelor In Paradise? Fans already know who The Bachelorette will be 'It's a myth that men have the lead': Kyle Sandilands, 45, reveals girlfriend Imogen Anthony, 26, is in control of life at home Adrien Brody's model girlfriend Lara Lieto flashes her abs as they leave dinner date hand-in-hand Danniella Westbrook dons a colourful kaftan and treats herself to cocktails as she hits the pool in Spain with a pal Recently hinted she is planning another boob job Style setter Sienna Miller shows off her quirky dress sense in a cosy knitted hat and oversized coat as she takes her dog for a walk in New York EOTB star Chloe Goodman's plunging swimsuit barely contains her impressive bust as she flaunts her curves while jet skiing in Lanzarote Ready for spring! Love star Gillian Jacobs steps out in denim mini dress with floral motifs at season 2 premiere of Netflix series Chloe Khan flaunts her incredibly svelte figure as she poses in nothing but a THONG for titillating Snapchat... after split from Ashley Cain Worse for wear Chloe Lewis FINALLY goes public with new beau Danny Fisher as they lock lips while frolicking in the street on London night out Lauren Goodger suffer MAJOR social media fail as she accidentally shares PR message to accompany her throwback Instagram snap A blank canvas! Ashley Graham strips down to pose NUDE in new campaign for Prabal Gurung's first ever plus-size collection  Leggy Sophie Turner displays her endless pins in black leather hotpants as she touches down in Paris with boyfriend Joe Jonas  'Starting to get back into shape': Greg Rutherford flashes his perfectly sculpted abs in nothing but grey shorts for sizzling Instagram selfie Emma Watson reveals VERY intimate details of her beauty routine - down to her preferred brand of pubic hair oil and why she bathes up to THREE times a day Blushing bride! Betty White, 95, wears wedding dress during teaser for upcoming episode of TV's Young & Hungry with Emily Osment Amy Schumer is shocked when Bachelor star Nick Viall records video message saying his 'one regret' was not meeting her on reality show Party of two! Makeup-free Jennifer Love Hewitt makes rare sighting during shopping spree in LA with husband of four years Brian Hallisay New mom Amber Tamblyn poses for a candid selfie in a breast milk-stained T-shirt to document the realities of life as a mother, just two weeks after giving birth to a baby daughter 'My boo': Iman shares rare snap of Lexi, 16, as she posts sweet message for her daughter with David Bowie Her parents' beauty So what, I'm still a cot star! Pink shares snap of baby Jameson putting his vocal cords to work Jameson Moon  looked to be engaged in some loud crying  Ready fur a bonding day! Keri Russell sports distinctive wintry hat as she and Matthew Rhys enjoy Sunday stroll with their baby boy Astonishing footage shows snarling 1D star Louis Tomlinson 'wrestling photographer and manhandling a female fan' moments before police arrest him Kendall Jenner nails casual glamour in racy mesh leotard and boyfriend jeans as she heads out in Paris for another day at Fashion Week Tess Holliday shares sweet snap of son Bowie in the buff while revealing pants are 'optional' in her house on Sundays 'Milk life!': Amber Tamblyn shares a selfie where she has breast milk stains on her T-shirt after feeding her newborn girl 'We were both terrified!': Pregnant Chanelle Hayes thought she was dying from cancer before being told she was expecting her second child 'You don't get to tell me what's wrong with MY body!' Sports Illustrated's size 16 swimwear model Hunter McGrady hits back at critics,  She's FIVE times the supermodel they'll ever be! Coco Rocha stars on a variety of glamorous covers for the latest issue of Fashion Magazine 'I felt selfish saying I was struggling': Chrissy Teigen reveals she suffered with postpartum depression after the birth of daughter Luna Scarlett Johansson continues to go ring-free amid rumours she's split from Romain Dauriac as she takes daughter to LA park Single mum? Ahoy, captain! Julianne Hough leads her bachelorette babes in sexy swimsuit on a luxury yacht as the party continues in the Gulf of Mexico 'It was incredibly eye-opening': Heartbroken Ed Sheeran is reduced to tears during Comic Relief trip to Liberia as he sings with young girl whose father died at hands of Ebola Where's my TARDIS? Lily James and boyfriend Matt Smith make rare public appearance together as they go for a casual shopping trip in the rain Geordie Shore newbie Abbie Holborn flaunts her ample assets in a plunging dress as she parties with boxer Floyd Mayweather in Newcastle SPOILER ALERT: Coronation Street's Maria Connor makes a dramatic return as she is released from prison... and has a fiery encounter with Aidan Letting her hair down! Tiffany Trump goes zip-lining in the jungle while on vacation in Belize with boyfriend Ross - as her father faces controversy over Obama tapping claims Imogen Thomas flashes her slender pins in a flirty thigh-skimming mini dress as she enjoys dinner in London  Pregnant Danielle Lloyd tenderly cradles her bump as she enjoys casual pub lunch with fiancé Michael O'Neill and her three children Blossoming stomach Eighties boy band Bros cancel more than half the dates on their £10m comeback tour, sparking speculation it was because of poor ticket sales  'My wife loves my sausage in the hole': Holly Willoughby and Phillip Schofield get into hysterics over Gino D'Acampo's innuendo-filled cooking segment A flare for fashion! Bella Hadid rocks a vintage look in a blue velvet tracksuit and quirky orange shades as she steps out in Paris New eye-catching outfit Gnat impressed! Adele hilariously shrieks onstage as she attempts to fend off a swarm of mosquitos at her Brisbane gig Left audience in stitches  'We get it, she has boobs!': TOWIE fans left confused after cameraman zooms in on Kate Wright's sweaty chest TWICE during her workout TOWIE's Dan Edgar gets VERY cosy with newbie Amber Turner... after furiously denying being anything more than friends in explosive scenes  Claudia Schiffer does her best supermodel strut as she shows off enviably toned legs in skintight jeans while out and about in London Supermodel strut Well she does host Saturday Night Takeaway! Make-up free Scarlett Moffatt enjoys a day off the diet as she gets pizza delivery after losing three dress sizes 'She's FINALLY in a good relationship': will.i.am reveals he approves of pregnant Cheryl's union with Liam Payne... but REFUSES to confirm birth Russian model Elena Perminova wears a sheer bralet OVER her white crop top and very high-slit skirt at Giambattista Valli's PFW show LACY Mecklenburgh: Former TOWIE star wears red and black dress with semi-sheer panel as she attends Leonard Paris fashion show... after finding love Kendall Jenner rocks leather top as she shows off impressive singing skills for music video... but it turns out to be Elle King Music video advert Iskra Lawrence exhibits her hourglass curves in a figure-hugging suede midi dress as she heads to dinner in LA Blessed with killer curves Check her out! Rita Ora showcases her honed pins in thigh-grazing gingham sundress as she steps out in London Oozed spring vibes  Myleene Klass cuts a chic figure in tapered pink trousers and giant shades as she heads to her radio show Turning heads as she sashayed to work 'Trump should not have been elected': Leighton Meester admits the election tops the birth of HITLER as the historical event she would change 'Your stomach is small again in the last shot?' Pregnant Cheryl baffles fans while showing off svelte frame in newly-released images Prince Michael Jackson takes on his father's legacy and announces a new organization to help hungry kids Good example Lady Victoria Hervey showcases her enviable toned body in skimpy multi coloured bikini as she enjoys a day on the beach with male pal Athan Kallas in Malibu Emma Watson oozes elegance in a shift dress at LA Beauty And The Beast photocall... after hitting back at critics over braless photoshoot Bad feminism? Emily Blunt looks elegant in the most delightful way as she wears a stylish red coat with blue hat while shooting scenes for Mary Poppins Returns PIERS MORGAN: Sorry Emma, but you haven't done yourself or feminism any favours this week, you've just made a right t*t of yourself Trouble in paradise? Body language expert warns Harry and Meghan look 'awkward' in Jamaica photos and says the Prince may already be BORED Family affair! Willow Smith showcases her eclectic style in a chic denim bomber jacket as she jets into Paris with brother Jaden ahead of Louis Vuitton show 'She smelled like baby wipes!': Katy Perry's fan club members react when finally meeting their idol at iHeart Awards as she poses for selfies 'Family day': Nick Cannon shows off new baby in very rare photo with his grandmother, mother and the twins he had with Mariah Carey Family times Chris Evans looks glum during family trip to the park with his wife and their two sons... hours before Top Gear returns to screens without him 'I'd take him to therapy': Stacey Solomon reveals she would ask boyfriend Joe Swash to seek help if he decided he didn't want to marry her Sex and the seedy world of the Oscar winning Afflecks: Casey may have won a gong - to add to elder brother Ben's two - but there's a darker side Black to basics: Salma Hayek flaunts her curves in embellished dress as she joins Pamela Anderson and Lily Donaldson at Stella McCartney's PFW show 'I still get nervous trying new things!': Karlie Kloss talks shaping her style as she shows off her incredible figure in new Express campaign Keeping it wheel! Cameron Diaz cuts a casually chic figure in jeans and a jumper as she shops for groceries with a friend  In all her natural glory Allison Williams strips off for X-rated scene with Alex Karpovsky as she puts on a VERY raunchy display in Girls Leaving nothing to the imagination Pregnant Chelsee Healey shows off her burgeoning baby bump in a tight nude top and flares as she steps out for the first time since announcing baby joy A slender Kylie Minogue looks drained as she steps out for breakfast with her dad in Melbourne... one month after split from fiance Joshua Sasse Riding high: The Queen looks elegant in a silk scarf as she heads out on her beloved Fell pony for a trot along the Thames near Windsor Castle Happy birthday, Prince Oscar! Swedish royal tucks into a slice of cake as he celebrates his first year with an adorable photoshoot Sweet new images Megan McKenna appears FURIOUS while filming TOWIE after she admits she's only '20% happy' with boyfriend Pete Wicks following explosive series opener Girls' night out! Ferne McCann looks leggy in just an oversized designer tee and heels as she hits the town with demure Chloe Lewis TOWIE stars 'Geraldine' Horner looks casual yet chic in a navy dolly coat and skinny jeans as she takes baby son Montague for a stroll Enjoying quality time Chantelle Connelly shows off enviably slender figure and toned abs as she tops up her tan on the beach during idyllic Caribbean getaway 'I'm never getting married!' Susanna Reid reveals why she's not ready to date... as she admits she loves bantering with her GMB co-host Piers Morgan It's NOT Better Best Forgotten: Steps have reunited for a new pop song with the help of ABBA as they release music for the first time in FIVE years Chris Brown's ex Karrueche Tran 'prepares to face the singer in court in a bid to get a permanent restraining order' Courtroom showdown 'She's incredibly excited!' Chanelle Hayes announces she's pregnant with her second child... following fears weight gain had left her infertile 'Working mothers should never feel guilty, they should feel proud': Victoria Beckham reveals how she really feels about juggling a career with family life Heavily pregnant Billie Faiers shows off bump in chic black midi dress as she and a glam Frankie Essex arrive at Amy Childs' baby shower Lock-ing lips! TOWIE star James enjoys very passionate smooch with new girlfriend Yazmin Oukhellou after making public apology for using his phone at the wheel Newly-slim Tina Malone can't hide her excitement as she books boob job and skin removal procedure... after facing cruel trolls over her 'wrinkly skin' 'I always wanted to look like Miley Cyrus': Katy Perry admits she wants to help 'redefine femininity' with her new blonde bob... following her Orlando Bloom split Back to work! Ruby Rose flaunts trim pins at stylish launch in Sydney... after celebrating Mardi Gras with girlfriend Jessica Origliasso The 'young one' from Britain's Got Talent act Stavros Flatley is arrested after police find a 'cannabis factory' worth over £50,000 in his London flat Lauren Pope flaunts her incredibly toned abs in a sexy cut-out swimsuit as she treats fans to a sizzling throwback selfie Dazzling  In the pink! The Hills star Jason Wahler jubilant as he and wife Ashley reveal they're expecting a baby girl Once-troubled reality star of The Hills fame 'It can be traumatic!' Spice Girl Melanie C says she sympathises with Louis Tomlinson after the One Direction star is arrested for airport altercation 'They got MARRIED!' Martine McCutcheon and Hugh Grant have big news in Love Actually Comic Relief reboot... but he admits he can't remember his lines Chest too much! Christina Milian has cleavage showdown with Katy Perry and Kelsea Ballerini on the iHeart Radio Music Awards red carpet 'Thick thighs save lives': Demi Lovato brags about her toned legs in silver mini-dress as she hits up the iHeartRadio Music Awards 'F**king b***h!' TOWIE's Gatsby lashes out at 'clown' Pete Wicks in violent altercation... following expletive-laden row with 'chav' Megan McKenna Orange is the new blonde! Pixie Lott ditches her trademark platinum 'do as she debuts newly-dyed apricot locks Pop princess Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Monday, March 6, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS Two charged after Walmart incident Saturday, March 4, 2017 Charges have been filed against two people for their roles during an incident at the Walmart in Mahoning Township. Township police said that at 1:52 p.m. Feb. 2, a theft was reported at the store after the person involved fled the store in a vehicle. Lehighton Police located the vehicle and stopped it. The driver, Trevor Strohl, 36, of Palmerton, was charged by Mahoning Township police with two counts of driving under the influence of a controlled substance. A preliminary hearing is scheduled for March 22. A passenger in the vehicle, Angelia Fatzinger, 26, of Ashfield, has been charged with retail theft. During the stop, police seized 22 stolen items valued at nearly $153. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: EPA•Social Media•COLA•Workforce•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » AP FACT CHECK: Trump's… AP FACT CHECK: Trump’s skewed ledger of achievements By CALVIN WOODWARD and JIM DRINKARD and The Associated Press March 4, 2017 6:06 pm 10 min read Share WASHINGTON (AP) — The start of a new administration is never a clean slate, even when parties flip. Day One is just another day for military operations, a budget that is still in place from the old crowd and a vast array of economic, social and law enforcement initiatives left over by the last president. You would not know this from President Donald Trump. He loudly and proudly takes credit for any positive development that has bloomed since he took office Jan. 20, even when the roots and buds of it were from President Barack Obama’s time. In his speech to Congress and other remarks in recent days, Trump has claimed credit for: What impact will the Trump administration have on feds? Read the latest in our First 100 Days section. —big savings in an F-35 fighter jet contract that were in motion well before he became president. Advertisement —corporate job announcements that also had been months or longer in the making. —an infusion of money from NATO partners that has not materialized at all, but reflects a long-standing intent by some members to increase their military capabilities. —a tough-on-criminals approach to immigration enforcement that was planned and put into place during Obama’s presidency. —a $12 billion drop in the U.S. debt, a routine blip traced to the regular timing of tax payments and other fiscal factors unconnected to any president. —his plan to restore military supremacy, though he inherited military capabilities that are already second to none. Trump does, though, seek to shift some responsibility to the last administration for an operation he authorized that did not go smoothly — the covert mission in Yemen in which a Navy SEAL and civilians were killed. That mission “was started before I got here,” Trump said. It can take months for a new president to pile up achievements or failures that are truly his own. A look at a selection of his statements from the past week: TRUMP: Speaking of the NATO alliance, “Our partners must meet their financial obligations. And now, based on our very strong and frank discussions, they are beginning to do just that. In fact, I can tell you the money is pouring in. Very nice. Very nice.” THE FACTS: No new money has come pouring in from NATO allies. Defense Secretary Jim Mattis made a strong case when he met with allied defense ministers at a NATO gathering last month, pressing them to meet their 2014 commitment to spend 2 percent of their gross domestic product on defense by 2024. Mattis and other leaders said the allies understood the message and there was some discussion about working out plans to meet the goal. Only five of the 28 member countries currently meet the 2 percent level, and no new commitments have been made since the NATO meeting. Others in the alliance have routinely said they will work toward the increase. In any event, the commitment is for these nations to spend more on their own military capabilities, which would strengthen the alliance, not to hand over money. ___ TRUMP: “According to the National Academy of Sciences, our current immigration system costs America’s taxpayers many billions of dollars a year.” THE FACTS: That’s not exactly what that report says. It says immigrants “contribute to government finances by paying taxes and add expenditures by consuming public services.” The report found that while first-generation immigrants are more expensive to governments than their native-born counterparts, primarily at the state and local level, immigrants’ children “are among the strongest economic and fiscal contributors in the population.” This second generation contributed more in taxes on a per capita basis, for example, than did the rest of the population in the period studied, 1994-2013. The report found that the “long-run fiscal impact” of immigrants and their children would probably be seen as more positive “if their role in sustaining labor force growth and contributing to innovation and entrepreneurial activity were taken into account.” ___ TRUMP: “We’ve saved taxpayers hundreds of millions of dollars by bringing down the price” of the F-35 jet fighter. THE FACTS: The cost savings he persists in bragging about were secured in full or in large part before he became president. The head of the Air Force program announced significant price reductions in the contract for the Lockheed F-35 fighter jet Dec. 19 — after Trump had tweeted about the cost but weeks before Trump met the company’s CEO about it. Pentagon managers took action even before the election to save money on the contract. Todd Harrison, a defense analyst and aerospace specialist at the Center for Strategic and International Studies, said, “I don’t see any evidence to suggest that President Trump had anything to do with this.” ___ TRUMP: “Since my election, Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockheed, Intel, Wal-Mart and many others have announced that they will invest billions of dollars in the United States and will create tens of thousands of new American jobs.” THE FACTS: Trump is taking credit for corporate jobs decisions that largely predate his election. In the case of Intel, construction of the factory in Chandler, Arizona, that Trump referred to actually began during Obama’s presidency. The project was delayed by insufficient demand for Intel’s high-powered computer chips, but the company now expects to finish the factory within four years because it anticipates business growth. Some of the job announcements have come after companies, such as the wireless carrier Sprint, reduced their numbers of workers. More important, even as some companies create jobs, others are laying off workers. The best measure of whether more jobs are actually being created is the monthly employment report issued by the Labor Department, which nets out those gains and losses. The department will issue its report for February, the first full month of Trump’s term, on March 10. ___ TRUMP: His budget plan will offer “one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history.” THE FACTS: Three times in recent years, Congress raised defense budgets by larger percentages than the $54 billion, or 10 percent, increase that Trump proposes. The base defense budget grew by $41 billion, or 14.3 percent, in 2002; by $37 billion, or 11.3 percent, in 2003, and by $47 billion, or 10.9 percent, in 2008, according to Defense Department figures. And going back farther, his increase doesn’t come close to ones in the defense budget seen in the early 1980s, when they hit 20 percent or more, according to the Center for Strategic and International Studies. ___ TRUMP: “Ninety-four million Americans are out of the labor force.” THE FACTS: That’s true, but for the vast majority of them, it’s because they choose to be. That 94 million figure includes everyone age 16 and older who doesn’t have a job and isn’t looking for one. It also includes retirees, parents who are staying home to raise children, and high school and college students who are studying rather than working. They are unlikely to work regardless of the state of the economy. With the huge baby boomer generation reaching retirement age and many of them retiring, the population of those out of the labor force is increasing and will continue to do so, economists forecast. It’s true that some of those out of the workforce are of working age and have given up looking for work. But that number is probably a small fraction of the 94 million Trump cited. The nation’s unemployment rate stands at 4.8 percent, near the lowest in a decade. ___ TRUMP: “Our Navy is now the smallest it’s been since, believe or not, World War I. Don’t worry. It’s going to soon be the largest it’s been.” THE FACTS: No, the fleet is not growing to the largest it’s been, or anything close. The fleet indeed shrank to its smallest size since the decade after World War I — bottoming out at 271 in 2015 before rising to 274 this year, compared with 139 in 1930. But that number alone is not that meaningful. The nature of warfare has changed since the naval battles of the world wars; the rise of air power is just one significant factor. As well, for the past few decades the Navy has dramatically increased the warfighting effectiveness of its ships, meaning it can do more with far fewer vessels than it could during the Cold War, for example. The fleet stood at a record high of 6,768 fighting ships during World War II, declined gradually in the 1950s and 1960s and dropped significantly after the Vietnam War. During the 1990s the number fell from the high 500s to the mid-300s as the Navy decommissioned many older ships and the U.S. reaped a “peace dividend” from the end of the Cold War. The count includes aircraft carriers, cruisers, destroyers, submarines, amphibious assault ships and other large combat ships. The fleet may grow more than planned if Trump’s military expansion is approved by Congress. But no one is talking about matching — much less exceeding — the enormous armada of another age. The number of Navy personnel has fallen over time, too, from more than 725,000 in 1954 to about 323,000 now. It’s unlikely to grow anywhere near that higher level. ___ TRUMP: “According to data provided by the Department of Justice, the vast majority of individuals convicted for terrorism-related offenses since 9/11 came here from outside of our country. We have seen the attacks at home — from Boston to San Bernardino to the Pentagon and yes, even the World Trade Center.” THE FACTS: It’s unclear what Justice Department data he’s citing, but the most recent government information doesn’t back up his claim. Just over half the people Trump talks about were born in the United States, according to Homeland Security Department research. That report said of 82 people the government determined were inspired by a foreign terrorist group to attempt or carry out an attack in the U.S., just over half were native-born citizens. Even the attacks Trump singled out weren’t entirely the work of foreigners. Syed Rizwan Farook, who along with his Pakistani wife killed 14 people in the 2015 attack in San Bernardino, California, was born in Chicago. It’s true that in the immediate aftermath of Sept. 11, the FBI’s primary concern was with terrorists from overseas feared to be plotting attacks in the United States. But that’s no longer the case. The FBI and the Justice Department have been preoccupied with violent extremists from inside the U.S. who are inspired by the calls to violence and mayhem of the Islamic State group. The Justice Department has prosecuted scores of IS-related cases since 2014, and many of the defendants are U.S. citizens. ___ TRUMP on military capability: “We are going to have very soon the finest equipment in the world.” THE FACTS: Pentagon leaders have said for years that the U.S. already has the world’s best weaponry and military equipment. They sometimes claim the U.S. is in danger of losing its advantage unless the Congress continues to spend heavily to develop and build new generations of weapons. The Navy’s top officer, Adm. John Richardson, has said repeatedly that the Navy is the world’s finest. He also has said the Navy must adapt to a world of changing security threats. Richardson’s main focus has been on sharpening and changing the way sailors think about the nature of war, rather than relying on bigger budgets. “We will not be able to ‘buy’ our way out of the challenges that we face,” he wrote in a January 2016 plan for maintaining U.S. naval superiority. ___ Find all AP Fact Checks at http://apne.ws/2kbx8bd ___ Associated Press writers Robert Burns, Alicia A. Caldwell, Eric Tucker, Lolita C. Baldor and Christopher S. Rugaber contributed to this report. EDITOR’S NOTE _ A look at the veracity of claims by political figures Topics: All News Business News Defense Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » AP FACT CHECK: Trump's… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1902: Permanent U.S. Census Bureau established Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Fed Photo of the Day Boiling snow during winter exercises Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Recommended EPA leaders, advocates urge Trump administration to reconsider cuts to budget and workforce Top Story What does a 10 percent budget cut look like for your agency? Management Army seeks help to guard against fake social media accounts Reporter's Notebook DHS finalizing best practices for notifying victims of major cyber breaches Cybersecurity Congress keeping watchful eye over DoD’s electronic health record roll out Defense THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Mar 06, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.6779 -0.0069 1.39% L 2020 25.1021 -0.0247 2.42% L 2030 27.8223 -0.0452 3.47% L 2040 29.8837 -0.0585 3.99% L 2050 17.0998 -0.0389 4.47% G Fund 15.2513 0.0030 0.38% F Fund 17.5012 0.0043 0.94% C Fund 32.8805 -0.1070 5.95% S Fund 42.8320 -0.2707 4.66% I Fund 25.7624 0.0033 4.37% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
BERMUDA | Tuesday March 7, 2017 Subscription RSS Mobile News Business Sport Lifestyle Opinion Features Classifieds Jobs Obituaries #ourAC Calendar Commission of Inquiry Court Crime Education Environment Health Labour Politics Tourism Same-Sex Referendum Weather News Follow It Live Year In Review Bermuda Stock Exchange Bermuda Works Economy International Business Local Business Personal Finance Re-Insurance Technology America's Cup Basketball Cricket Football Golf Olympic Games Running/Triathlon Sailing Swimming Tennis/Squash Track & Field Follow It Live Arts & Entertainment CableVision TV Listings Wow TV Listings Fashion Food & Wine Gentlemen's Corner Home & Away Parenting Religion Wellness Young Observer Editorials Letters to the Editor Opinion Writers Political Cartoons Rights that come with owning shares Martha Harris Myron Published Mar 4, 2017 at 8:00 am (Updated Mar 3, 2017 at 11:49 pm) Make text smaller Make text larger Investment route: when you own shares, you gain a number of rights in a company, such as voting rights and access to financial records Related Stories Taking note of Warrens wise words Getting a secured credit card is a bad idea BHS investors chalk up a 19% return ETFs vie for business in crowded marketplace Dont be confused by credit and debit cards This is part five of the Bermuda Investment Primer Series. Three interesting events have happened in the last several weeks. On the face of it, each event seems quite disconnected from the others. Oh, but they are ever connected. The 45th President of the United States, Donald Trump, gave his first major address to Congress last week. Shortly, thereafter, the US capital markets exploded, relatively speaking as the Dow Jones Industrial Average crossed the 21,000 mark for the first time. On March 1, Butterfield Bank announced that the Carlyle Group no longer own any common shares in the bank, and an investment agreement between it and the bank has been terminated. At the end of last week, our hypothetical Bermuda family, MamaZina and her adult children signed company shareholder documents to convert their sole proprietorship into a Bermuda incorporated company, which is now MamaZinas Pizzeria, Ltd. And there you have it. We have three connected announcements that are all about the ownership and performance of shares in companies. The Dow is a stock market index that shows how 30 of the largest publicly-owned companies based in the US have traded (value/performance) during a standard stock market session. Originally calculated in 1896, the Dow has tracked an ever revolving number of the largest American Companies since then  only General Electric remains of the original 12 companies listed at the Dows inception. The other original companies were broken up, went bankrupt, were bought, absorbed by other companies, or removed  to be replaced with newer, more massively capitalised US companies. Think Apple, Coca-Cola, Pfizer, American Express, Nike, Walmart and the like. While the Dow is compiled to gauge the performance of the industrial sector within the American economy, the indexs performance is influenced by not only corporate and economic reports, but also by domestic and foreign political events, and natural disasters. See Wikipedia for a good, easy-to-understand read about the Dow. Established in 1858, and incorporated in 1904, the Bank of NT Butterfield & Son Limited is a publicly traded company registered and based in Bermuda. It is now listed on two capital market exchanges and has a market capitalisation of $1.7 billion and has more than 33 million shares outstanding. Butterfield Bank is not a corporate mega-giant such as those listed on the Dow, but is now a well-positioned (after restructuring investment from Carlyle Group per the banks announcement) small, publicly traded finance company with global connections. Butterfield shares are listed on the Bermuda Stock Exchange in Bermuda dollars, as well as on the New York Stock Exchange in US dollars. And then we have MamaZina Pizzeria Ltd (MZEE) a very, very tiny privately held incorporated company operating in Bermuda only. By now, we should feel familiar with where a stock comes from and what it is. Having said that, we now look at the ownership structure of MZEE to have a better understanding of why incorporation regulations and structures are so very important. Ownership of shares (stock) in a company gives you, the owner, certain rights as stated in the companys charter. Among them are  voting rights on how the company is run  rights to assets of the company, depending on ownership equity  rights to dividends  rights to check the company books and records and so on Regulations under the Bermuda Local Companies Act 1981 also contain various stipulations regarding Bermudian share ownership (60/40 rule) that cannot benefit non-Bermudians  an issue we will explore further on in this narrative. In the business start-up, MamaZina and her late spouse George provided the most capital, some $20,000. While the children provided smaller amounts, $5,000 from George, $7,000 from Desmond, and $1,000 from Juliana, who had no savings since redundancy a year ago. Julianas plight was one of the reasons Mama incorporated, while Desmonds US spouse was another. MZEE needs advice on the informal loans from the cousin ($20,000) a friend ($5,000), and structuring a provision to prevent ownership usurpation by other shareholders, either present or future. Next, how many shares should each shareholder own? Can MZEE block transfer of shares to people she doesnt like? Should she refinance the equity line? Can she sell more shares to outsiders? The company needs more operating cash, and capital for expansion. Here, I would like to give a warning regarding one of the reference sources that is not safely accessible, that is the Bermuda Companies Register. I tried to access this website several months ago, and was not able to do so due to the warnings regarding website security failings. As of Thursday, the site (see link at the end of this article) The server presented a certificate signed using a weak signature algorithm. This means the security credentials presented could have been forged, and the server may not be the server you expected (you may be communicating with an attacker). Am I missing something here? Why has this not been fixed. This is our face to the world. This is simply not acceptable given our propensity to tout our sophisticated international finance centre. Would someone in government information technology please get this fixed as soon as possible. Readers, if I am wrong about this and have missed a change in website structure (but I dont think so, since the same website is listed on our Bermuda Government website), please accept my apology in advance. Links:  Carlyle Group exits Butterfield Bank: http://www.royalgazette.com/business/article/20170301/carlyle-group-exits-from-butterfield-bank  MamaZina and local companies act: http://www.bma.bm/company-matters/SitePages/Local-Companies.aspx  Dow Jones Industrial Average explained on Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dow_Jones_Industrial_Average  Butterfield Bank entry on Wikipedia: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dow_Jones_Industrial_Average  Butterfield Bank, Nasdaq summary: http://www.nasdaq.com/symbol/ntb/ownership-summary  The Bermuda Companies Register (Note: this site has warning message regarding its security certificate) https://www.roc.gov.bm/roc/rocweb.nsf/ReviewPublicRegA-Z Martha Harris Myron CPA CFP JSM: Masters of Law  international tax and financial services. Pondstraddler Life, financial perspectives for Bermuda islanders with multinational families and international connections on the Great Atlantic Pond. Contact: martha@pondstraddler.com Make text smaller Make text larger Comments You must be registered or signed-in to post comment or to vote. Published Mar 4, 2017 at 8:00 am (Updated Mar 3, 2017 at 11:49 pm) Rights that come with owning shares What you Need to Know 1. For a smooth experience with our commenting system we recommend that you use Internet Explorer 10 or higher, Firefox or Chrome Browsers. Additionally please clear both your browser's cache and cookies - How do I clear my cache and cookies? 2. Please respect the use of this community forum and its users. 3. Any poster that insults, threatens or verbally abuses another member, uses defamatory language, or deliberately disrupts discussions will be banned. 4. Users who violate the Terms of Service or any commenting rules will be banned. 5. Please stay on topic. "Trolling" to incite emotional responses and disrupt conversations will be deleted. 6. To understand further what is and isn't allowed and the actions we may take, please read our Terms of Service 7. To report breaches of the Terms of Service use the flag icon Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Click here for detailed forecast 57 F Mostly Cloudy Most Popular Today Yesterday Most Commented 03/06/2017 Bermuda is most expensive nation on Earth 03/06/2017 Footballer fatally stabbed in Pembroke 03/06/2017 Survivor of fatal crash wins legal judgment 03/06/2017 Inclusion, not exclusion, is the key to success 03/06/2017 New company prepares superfast home internet 03/06/2017 Teacher in awe of handmade cedar guitar 03/06/2017 First Alpha Beautillion winner backs programme 03/06/2017 Richards defends cost of Rio trip The week's most discussed stories Your browser must support JavaScript to view this content. Please enable JavaScript in your browser settings then try again. Events calendar powered by Trumba Take Our Poll Which of these polarising issues requires the most urgent attention of our lawmakers? Airport redevelopment 44% Same-sex marriage 15% Socioeconomic inequality 41% Total Votes: 7798 Poll Archive Today's Obituaries View all Obituaries Place an obituary News Business Sports Lifestyle Comment Features Classifieds Jobs Obituaries Weather Calendar Newsrack Newspaper Services: About Us Contact Us Subscribe Electronic Edition Advertise Online Services: Registration RSS Feeds Email Alerts Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Contact Us Advertise Use of this website signifies your agreement to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy © Copyright 2016 royalgazette.com. All rights reserved.
Toggle navigation Personal Finance Saving Money Student Loans Taxes Entertainment Finance Expert Advice Build Credit Report: The Likelihood of a Tax Audit Reaches New Low 8 of the Richest Women in History 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Savings Accounts Best Online Savings Accounts How To Save Tips for Saving More Best Savings Accounts Market Research Money Market 10 Best Savings Account Promotions Available Now How to Choose a High-Yield Savings Account 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services CD Rates How To Get The Best CD Rates Best CD Accounts Certificate of Deposit Tips Here’s How Often CD Rates Change Complete CD Tax Guide: From Death Taxes to Interest Income Taxes 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Loans Best Personal Loans Mortgage Tips Avoid Foreclosure Mortgage Types Refinancing Car Loans 7 Best Home Improvement Loans Why Payday Loans Are Dangerous 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Investing Financial Planning Stocks Investing Strategies Mutual Funds Brokerage Hedge Funds Bonds Investing News How to Choose the Best Bonds for Your Financial Plan Valuation Grows to $33 Billion as Snap Inc. Begins Trading on NYSE 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Retirement Retirement Planning Retirement Planning FAQs Retirement Accounts IRAs 401K Roth IRAs Social Security Retirement News How Your Retirement Age Impacts Your Social Security Benefits 20 Unsettling Things You Need to Know About Social Security 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Checking Accounts How To Guide: Checking Accounts Checking Account Promotions Checking Account Tips Types of Checking Accounts Cashier’s Check vs. Money Order: Here’s the Difference How to Avoid Overdraft Fees 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Banking Banking Tips Online Banking Interest Rates Banking Industry News 5 VIP Private Banking Services You Never Knew Existed How to Stop a Bank Levy 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Credit Cards Best Credit Card Rates How To Manage Credit Cards Credit Cards Tips The Top 10 Most Exclusive Black Cards You Don’t Know About How Credit Card Balance Transfers Work 15 Best Mobile Banking Apps and Services Follow @GOBankingRates About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers GOBankingRates > Personal Finance > Holidays > St. Patrick's Day > Your St. Patrick’s Day Party on a Budget Your St. Patrick’s Day Party on a BudgetSt. Patrick's Day food and decor don't have to cost a bundle. Learn more! By Kathy Adams | March 4, 2017 Sean Locke Photography / Shutterstock.com Read More Hosting your own St. Patrick's Day party is a fun way to celebrate this Irish-themed holiday without leaving home — or spending a fortune. Whether your soiree is for 50 of your friends or just immediate family, you don't have to break the bank to make it an epic event. Instead of venturing out in the cold to drink in a crowded bar, stay warm and save money by making some of the food and decor yourself or purchasing these items on the cheap. Here are some tricks for cutting down your party costs. Asia Images Group / Shutterstock.com 1. Raid Your Closet Part of the fun of this festive holiday is dressing up in green garb. Instead of running to the store, save money on clothes this year by raiding the back of your closet for green shirts, pants, leggings and shoes. Both solid green and patterned items with green accents can be part of your holiday wardrobe. Set items aside as you locate them and then compile an outfit from your favorite finds. There's no need to dress in head-to-toe green, either. Accent your outfit with a green scarf, socks or necktie for a subtle way to celebrate while maintaining your signature style. If you really need to purchase an accessory or two, Party City offers an assortment of themed socks from 99 cents and ties for as little as $2. nunosilvaphotography / Shutterstock.com 2. Make Your Own St. Patrick’s Day Outfit If wearing green isn't enough to make you feel party ready, make your own shamrock T-shirt to celebrate this special day. Start with a plain white shirt — you can buy one at Michaels for around $3 or find one in your closet for free. You can also purchase a five-pack from Walmart or another department store for around $10. To make your shamrock shirt, cut out a paper shamrock, tape it to the front of the shirt and slide a piece of wax paper or cardboard inside the shirt to prevent paint from bleeding through. Use a new pencil eraser to dab different shades of green acrylic craft paint over the shirt, making a confetti-style design around the shamrock. A 2-ounce bottle of paint can be purchased for less than $1 at Michaels and other craft stores. When you finish painting, remove the paper, tape and cardboard from the shirt and give it an hour to dry. Don't Miss: 50 Ways to Save $500 This March xmo / Shutterstock.com 3. Find St. Patrick’s Day Printables If you don't have an artistic bone in your body, fear not. You don't have to design your own St. Patrick's Day decorations. Free printables, sized specifically for picture frames, make the decorating process both speedy and simple. You can find free, downloadable text art specifically for St. Patrick's Day on sites such as Eighteen25 and HGTV. Place the printed designs in standard picture frames. You can temporarily repurpose pictures frames already on your walls or visit the dollar store for cheap finds. Display the framed images in prominent places in the party room. Additionally, you can create a mantel centerpiece with a few green or white vases, jars or small potted plants. Turn inexpensive clear vases or jars green by swirling some of the green craft paint from the T-shirt project inside each one. Allow them to dry completely before touching. gpointstudio / Shutterstock.com 4. Have Guests Bring the Goodies Hosting a large party complete with St. Patrick's Day food, desserts and beverages can be costly. Save money by hosting a BYOB (bring your own beverage) party or making the event a potluck, where each guest brings a favorite St. Patrick's Day-inspired dish. Make sure to give your guests plenty of notice if you expect them to cook, and try to coordinate items ahead of time so you don't wind up with 10 trays of corned beef. If the party doesn't include a full meal, ask guests to bring Irish-themed snacks or St. Patrick's Day desserts. Don't forget to supply plenty of plates, cutlery, napkins and cups for the party. If you're hosting a small gathering, utilize your existing kitchenware. For a large party, recyclables might be the better option. Shop at a dollar store in the party supply section to find green plates, napkins, cups and cutlery. Clear, recyclable cups will suffice if green ones aren't available. Lasse Ansaharju / Shutterstock.com 5. Take Advantage of Alcohol Rebates If you want to score deals on alcoholic beverages, plan ahead — there's a good chance you can find rebates on at least some of the items you seek. Start by visiting your local liquor store or even the grocery store and scanning the aisles. Sometimes rebates and coupons are attached directly to the bottles. If you can't find any, ask a clerk if there are any rebate coupons available. Items such as Irish cream or Irish whiskey might even be on sale in March. Compare similar brands and purchase the least expensive one if the quality is comparable. You can also cut costs by downloading the app bevRAGE, which offers cash back on alcohol purchases. As of mid-Feburary, bevRAGE is providing $3 off Celtic Honey Irish liqueur. Check each offer you find on the site to ensure it is valid in your state. To get the listed deal, take a picture of the receipt with your app. bevRAGE will deposit the funds you're owed into your PayPal account within a few days. Related: 17 Best Cheap Beers for St. Patrick's Day Sayrung Bunnarangsri / Shutterstock.com 6. Make Your Own Treats You don't have to be a pastry chef to make some mouthwatering treats for your guests. For example, you can use a box of plain donuts to create some cute rainbow treats for your St. Patrick's Day party. Start by cutting the donuts in half to make rainbow arcs and then apply vanilla icing to the top of each half. Apply sprinkles, one rainbow color at a time, following the curvature of the donut arcs. Some stores sell jars containing a rainbow array of sprinkles, with separate compartments for each color, for less than $5. Make puffy clouds at the ends of each rainbow using white icing or white icing with coconut sprinkled on top. A 16-ounce container of basic vanilla frosting costs between $1 and $2, and $2 buys you a 7-ounce bag of organic shredded coconut at Walmart. For another sweet treat, make white chocolate bark and add green sprinkles or candies for added decoration. To make the bark, heat white candy melts in a glass container in the microwave, following the package directions. Pour the melted candy on a wax paper-covered cookie sheet until the chocolate is at least 1/4-inch thick. Add sprinkles or candy as the melted treat cools. Refrigerate the cookie sheet for at least an hour and then break the bark into large chunks. White candy melts cost $3.49 for 12 ounces at Party City. Denys Prykhodov / Shutterstock.com 7. Let There Be Music Music makes every party more enjoyable, and a St. Patrick's Day shindig is no exception. Cue up your favorite Irish tunes or select one of the premade St. Patrick's Day/Irish music playlists available on YouTube. Spotify and Pandora also offer an array of St. Patrick's Day party playlists containing everything from traditional tunes to Irish pub music. You can also play songs from your favorite Irish bands and musicians. U2 provides a rocking soundtrack, while Van Morrison and Thin Lizzy serve up a classic rock vibe. Enya, The Cranberries, Sinead O'Connor and Snow Patrol are just a few more famous names to choose from when making your own Irish-artist playlist. Choose your tunes with care, and your guests might just put on their Irish jig shoes to dance. Up Next: The Best and Worst Things to Buy in March x Open a New Account Check Out the Next Article 9 Ways to Save Money at Bed Bath & Beyond Maximize your savings at Bed Bath and Beyond with these 9 tips and tricks. Related Articles 8 Ways to Stretch a Dollar This March How to Celebrate St. Patrick’s Day for Under $20 35 Secrets to Saving More Money in 2017 How to Stretch Your Last $20 Until Your Next Paycheck People are Reading Today Sponsored Links by Zergnet Comments Back to Top follow us: About Us Contact Us Press Our Team Calculators Sitemap Privacy Policy Advertise Email Opt Out Careers © 2017 GOBankingRates. All Right Reserved. Newsletter Sign-up: × Advertiser Disclosure: Many of the offers appearing on this site are from advertisers from which this website receives compensation for being listed here. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site (including, for example, the order in which they appear). These offers do not represent all deposit accounts available.
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Tuesday, March 7, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News The 45th President G.O.P. Health Plan Would Sub Mandate With Incentives By ROBERT PEAR and THOMAS KAPLAN The plan would replace the Affordable Care Act with a system of tax credits aimed at enticing Americans to purchase insurance on the open market. In a late change, the plan was also expected to include language that limits credit eligibility for affluent Americans.  Comments How Republicans Will Change the Health Law Travel Ban 2.0: Alterations to Blunt the Legal Challenges By GLENN THRUSH With the removal of Iraq, the new order applies to six predominantly Muslim nations in an effort to improve on the one that was blocked by federal judges.  Comments Where Refugees Come From New Ban, Same Verdict in Middle East: A Slap at Muslims Video by THE NEW YORK TIMES. Photo by Stephen Crowley/The New York Times Jeff Sessions, the attorney general; Rex W. Tillerson, the secretary of state; and John F. Kelly, the secretary of Homeland Security, discussed President Trump’s revised travel ban. Puncturing the Veneer of Presidential Civility By PETER BAKER Never in recent generations has the natural friction between current and past presidents become such a spectacle. A White House-F.B.I. Disconnect on Claims of Tapping By MICHAEL S. SCHMIDT The White House continued to press on Mr. Trump’s unfounded assertion and would not say if the president had sought to speak with the F.B.I. or the Justice Department. Can the President Even Order a Wiretap? Trump Asks Planned Parenthood to Stop Abortion Services By MAGGIE HABERMAN The Trump administration offered to preserve federal funding for Planned Parenthood, which does not use that money for the procedure, if it stopped aiding in them. The group declined. Another Woman With Power. Same Sexist Attacks. By SUSAN CHIRA Kellyanne Conway is the latest target, but such attacks often take the same form — angry, sexist language. Misogyny, it seems, is bipartisan.  Comments More in Politics Ben Carson Refers to Slaves as ‘Immigrants’ Sean Spicer Meets the Press. No Cameras Allowed, Again. Trump University Lawsuits May Not Be Closed After All U.S. Missile Defense System Is Deployed to South Korea By GERRY MULLANY and MICHAEL R. GORDON 2:49 AM ET The move comes after North Korea fired four ballistic missiles into the sea, and it has stoked tensions with China, which regards the deployment as an intrusion. Times Insider: North Korea’s Missile Launches Kept Failing Trump Inherits a Secret Cyberwar on North Korean Missiles North Korea Bars Malaysians From Exiting Country By RICHARD C. PADDOCK 1:11 AM ET Malaysia’s leader called the escalation of the Kim Jong-nam dispute an “abhorrent act” and responded in kind, blocking North Koreans from leaving. Justices Step Out of the Debate Over Transgender Rights By ADAM LIPTAK The Supreme Court vacated an appeals court decision in favor of a transgender boy and sent the case back for further consideration after the Trump administration changed the federal government’s position. Jury Secrecy Doesn’t Apply if Marred by Bias, Justices Rule Did the Supreme Court Base a Ruling on a Myth? The Daily 360 1:26 Tour an Art Deco Masterpiece Benjamin Norman for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. Support the mission of The Times. Sponsor a student subscription today. Your Tuesday Briefing By JENNIFER JETT 12:38 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ Two newly revealed stories about the transition of power from one president to the next: one of warning, the other of accusation. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Smarter Living What to Cook This Week Meatloaf with caramelized cabbage, couscous salad and more for the week ahead. Your Money How You Can Help Refugees in the U.S. By RON LIEBER All of the various ways people can donate money or time to help newly arrived refugees in the United States. Nude Photos Create Unwanted Attention for Marines By DAVE PHILIPPS An all-male, invitation-only Facebook group with more than 30,000 active duty Marines and veterans is being investigated after revelations that it had shared thousands of naked and private photos of Marine Corps women. Racing to Uber and Lyft, Riders Inch Through New York By EMMA G. FITZSIMMONS and WINNIE HU Ride-hailing apps, an existential threat to taxis, are also siphoning passengers from subways and buses, raising concerns over worsening congestion. The Search to Save the Government’s Scientific Data By AMY HARMON The Trump administration has begun changing some government websites. A group of concerned citizens has been working to preserve data it sees as politically vulnerable. Revealing the Blue-Footed Booby’s True Colors By NATALIE ANGIER With no real predators, the birds live proud, public lives. That accessibility has proved a bonanza for scientists, casting light on their mating habits and even why the shade of their feet matters. Snakes, a Life of Crime and Eventually 2 Murder Charges By ALAN FEUER After a troubled life of lawbreaking, Kwauhuru Govan was charged with killing two Brooklyn teenagers more than a decade ago. More News Man Guilty in 2015 Killing of New York Police Officer U.S. Frees Visa-Holding Afghan Family It Detained for 4 Days Turkish Referendum Has Country Trading Barbs With Germany U.S. Strike in Yemen Killed Former Guantánamo Prisoner Robert Osborne, Turner Classic Movies Host, Dies at 84 The Interpreter The Interpreter brings sharp insight and context to the major news stories of the week. Sign up to get it by email. In ‘The Americans,’ History Feels Less Retro In light of today’s headlines, this Cold War drama on FX feels newly relevant — but also almost comfortingly small-scale, our critic writes. Hype Outpaces Reality in Microbe Research Scientists believe that every person contains as many independent microbial cells as human cells. Research on the microbiome is a hot topic, but it’s not easy. Review: Joan Didion’s ‘South and West’ Containing two excerpts from her notebooks dating to the 1970s, this book uncannily sheds light on some of the divisions splintering America today. The Opinion Pages Editorial Muslim Ban Lite By revising the ban, the administration has acknowledged it fumbled on a major campaign promise. But the result is still pernicious.  Comments President Trump’s Blinkered Fiscal Vision Op-Ed Columnists Brooks: What Romantic Regime Are You In? 3:21 AM ET Leonhardt: A Public-Health Crisis That We Can Fix 3:21 AM ET Op-Ed Contributor The Hard Truth About Refugees By JAMES TRAUB 3:21 AM ET Refugees bring with them problems that liberals would do well to recognize. Failing to do so opens the political door to right-wing xenophobes.  Comments Students on the Anti-Murray Protests at Middlebury 3:46 AM ET Vietnam ’67: America’s Case of ‘Tonkin Gulfitis’ 3:21 AM ET Join us on Facebook » User Subscriptions Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! A Eureka Moment for Two Times Reporters: North Korea’s Missile Launches Were Failing Too Often Times Insider » Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Never miss a story. Follow the columns you love. Start Following We’ll automatically add new stories to your Reading List. Following Go to your reading list This feature is an experiment. Send Feedback Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Entertainment My 10 Favorite Books: Suzanne Vega Opinion The February Revolution and a Missed Opportunity If democratic leaders had seized the chance to get Russia out of World War I, Lenin, Stalin, even Hitler would have been footnotes in history. N.Y. / Region Next Stop, 1984: Scenes From the Subway Book Review Killing Jesus: Who Was the Real Pontius Pilate? Opinion The Case for a Border-Adjusted Tax Both political parties have good reasons to favor this policy. Times Insider Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! N.Y. / Region In Times Square, Looking for Father Duffy Opinion If We Are Not Just Animals, What Are We? Fashion & Style ‘Big Little Lies’ Actress Shares Her Beauty Truths Family Don’t Beat Yourself Up Over Kids’ Accidents Opinion What if the Court in the Loving Case Had Declared Race a False Idea? It could have altered the national discourse on race decades ago. Music Gehry and Barenboim on Their Berlin Concert Hall Sections World » U.S. Starts Deploying Thaad Antimissile System in South Korea, After North’s Tests North Korea Launch Could Be Test of New Attack Strategy, Japan Analysts Say Turkish Referendum Has Country Trading Barbs With Germany Over Free Speech Business Day » Building Trade Walls House Republicans Unveil Plan to Replace Health Law Sterling Jewelers Suit Casts Light on Wider Policies Hurting Women Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: The Hard Truth About Refugees Editorials: President Trump’s Muslim Ban Lite David Brooks: What Romantic Regime Are You In? U.S. » A Conspiracy Theory’s Journey From Talk Radio to Trump’s Twitter Repeal of Health Law Faces a New Hurdle: Older Americans Retro Report: Trump and the Battle Over Sanctuary in America Technology » Data Firm Says ‘Secret Sauce’ Aided Trump; Many Scoff Welcome, Airbnb Guest! Your Neighbors Are the Trumps An Artist Helps iTunes’ User Agreement Go Down Easy Arts » Review: ‘The Americans’ History Suddenly Feels Less Retro Books of The Times: Past, Present and Future Collide in Joan Didion’s ‘South and West’ Robert Osborne, Turner Classic Movies Host, Dies at 84 Politics » Sessions’s Potential Deputy Faces a Stern Test on Russia Inquiries Trump’s Wiretapping Claims Puncture Veneer of Presidential Civility Rumblings of a ‘Deep State’ Undermining Trump? It Was Once a Foreign Concept Fashion & Style » Fashion Review: The Reality Distortion Field at Céline and Valentino Paris Fashion Week: Paris Fashion Week 2017: Rihanna’s High School Rebellion A Sneak Peek at the Met’s Rei Kawakubo/Comme des Garçons Show Movies » ‘Logan’ Pulls In $85.3 Million as Fox’s Bet Pays Off Erased Onscreen: Where Are All the Interracial Couples? The Unlikely Story Behind a Palestinian Hip-Hop Film From Israel New York » The Downside of Ride-Hailing: More New York City Gridlock Though Divided, Jury Delivers Guilty Verdict in Murder of Police Officer Welcome, Airbnb Guest! Your Neighbors Are the Trumps Sports » New York City Is Recapturing Its College Basketball Heyday On Baseball: Cuba’s Yulieski Gurriel, Loyal to His Homeland, Pays a Price to Follow His Ambition With Mirth and a Mensch, Israel Upsets South Korea in W.B.C. Theater » Now That’s a Play I’d Like to See Review: ‘Frontières Sans Frontières,’ Where Poverty Is Photogenic A Loverly Revival: ‘My Fair Lady’ to Return to Broadway Next Year Science » Basics: On Galápagos, Revealing the Blue-Footed Booby’s True Colors Activists Rush to Save Government Science Data — If They Can Find It The Woolly Mammoth’s Last Stand Obituaries » Robert Osborne, Turner Classic Movies Host, Dies at 84 Thomas Platt, 91, Dies: Fined Air Traffic Controllers $100,000 an Hour Simon Hobday, Offbeat U.S. Senior Open Champion, Dies at 76 Television » Review: ‘The Americans’ History Suddenly Feels Less Retro Snapshot: Alison Wright, Exiled From ‘The Americans’ (Perhaps), Hits Broadway A Buffy Family Tree: ‘Bones’ and Demons and Rabid Fans Health » Personal Health: When a Partner Dies, Grieving the Loss of Sex In Red-State Utah, a Surge Toward Obamacare The Checkup: Accidents Happen, but Parents Still Beat Themselves Up Travel » The Getaway: Renting a Car? Know the Rules of the Road Palm Springs Is Hot. The Old Guard Is Hot Under the Collar. Where I Live: My Bangkok: City of Spirits Books » Books of The Times: Past, Present and Future Collide in Joan Didion’s ‘South and West’ Casting a Literary Lens on Women and Power Fiction: Is This Mic On?: A Stand-Up Comedian Wrestles With His Country and His Soul Education » Trump’s Call for School Vouchers Is a Return to a Campaign Pledge Kansas Supreme Court Says State Education Spending Is Too Low How a ‘Second Chance’ College Produced the Team to Beat Food » The Pour: Want to Pick Better Bottles? Repeat After Me: Wine Is Food What if You Could Make Great Corned Beef? Bird Flu Outbreak Found at a Tennessee Farm Sunday Review » Moises Velasquez-Manoff: What Biracial People Know Editorial: President Trump’s Island Mentality Frank Bruni: Donald Trump vs. the Food Snobs Real Estate » Voyeur: Voyeur: The Color Red The Fix: Interior Design Risks Worth Taking In Case You Missed It: February’s Top Real Estate Stories The Upshot » Public Health: G.O.P. Repeal Bill Would Cut Funding for Poor and Taxes on Rich The New Health Care: Exciting Microbe Research? Temper That Giddy Feeling in Your Gut Public Health: Obamacare Got Their Goat: An Illustrated Guide to Republicans’ Metaphors Magazine » Feature: How to Steal a River Feature: The Experimentalist on Broadway Feature: Department of Justification Automobiles » Automakers Near a Victory on Rollback of Fuel Standards Video Review: Hyundai’s Near-Luxury Sedan Has It All, Except Prestige Wheels: Building a Road Map for the Self-Driving Car T Magazine » Women’s Fashion Shows: Balenciaga, Céline, Valentino These 6 Emerging Designers Are Redefining Ugly On the Verge: Brand to Know: The Men’s Wear Line Rethinking the Button-Down Shirt Times Insider » A Eureka Moment for Two Times Reporters: North Korea’s Missile Launches Were Failing Too Often Bing, Beep, Chirp: It’s the President! The Eyes of San Francisco in a Texas Courtroom: The Sequel Real Estate » Voyeur Voyeur: The Color Red Photographs by GEORGE ETHEREDGE for THE NEW YORK TIMES Finding glimpses of red in unexpected places. Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Sell Your Home Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes    SPONSORED BY: Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Cars Find a car Browse Dealers Fuel Stop    SPONSORED BY: Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 32 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours WWW.SLTRIB.COM MAR 7, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAR 7, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 32 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Mrs. Fields didn’t bite on rival’s $50 million offer By JEF FEELEY AND CRAIG GIAMMONA Bloomberg News First Published Mar 04 2017 01:05AM    •    Last Updated Mar 04 2017 01:05 am Share This Article Mrs. Fields Brands Inc. rejected a $50 million offer by rival Interbake Foods LLC to buy the cookie maker's retail unit and some other business lines in 2015, a lawyer told a court Friday. Interbake, which makes Girl Scout cookies and store-brand treats for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and other retailers, originally offered $36 million in 2014 for the unit that sells Mrs. Fields cookies at grocery and convenience stores and upped its offer to $50 million a year later, Bijan Amini, a lawyer for Mrs. Fields, said Friday in a court hearing. Despite some recent struggles, Mrs. Fields may still be worth $50 million to a large food company because of its strong brand, said Darren Tristano, president of Chicago-based Technomic Inc., an industry research and consulting firm. VIDEOS TOP JOBS "Knowing what we know, that number is reasonable," Tristano said in an interview Friday. Richmond, Va.-based Interbake's buyout offers were made public Thursday during arguments in a lawsuit filed by Mrs. Fields that claims its rival sabotaged a retail-licensing agreement between the two bakers after Interbake's bids were rejected. Mrs. Fields, based in Bloomfield, Colo., wants Delaware Chancery Court Judge Andre Bouchard to award as much as $28 million in damages for Interbake's move to pull out of a five-year agreement to handle retail sales of cookies and brownies. Interbake should be punished for working to "wrongfully dismantle and cannibalize the business once it could not purchase it," Mrs. Fields' lawyers said in court filings. They also said in the filings the $50 million offer was for the company's "branded retail and gifting business." Geoff Wilson, a spokesman for Interbake's parent George Weston Ltd., didn't respond to calls seeking comment on the offers. Tom Ragones, a spokesman for Mrs. Fields parent Famous Brands International, declined in an e-mail to comment on them. While Mrs. Fields has name recognition, the brand wasn't among the top 20 U.S. cookies during the past 12 months ending in September 2016, according to data from consumer research firm IRI. Global-snack giant Mondelez International Inc.'s Oreos and Chips Ahoy are the largest cookie brands in the $8 billion market. In the lawsuit, Mrs. Fields officials claim Interbake executives failed to live up to promises to hit retail-sales targets and of conspiring to steal its recipes and customers after its buyout offers were rejected. Its partner also shared Mrs. Fields' confidential pricing and marketing information with Back to Nature Foods, a cookie maker owned by Mondelez and private-equity firm Brynwood Partners, according to court filings. Mrs. Fields accuses Interbake of plotting to replace its retail offerings with Back to Nature's treats. "They were supposed to be marketing us and they gave our marketing information to a competitor," Amini told the judge. Interbake countered in court filings that it walked away from the licensing agreement in April 2016 after discovering Mrs. Fields had misled it about retail-sales figures and failed to properly promote the brand. Interbake only shared "publicly available" marketing and pricing data with Back to Nature and never offered any of its partners' recipes to the rival baker, Damon Leichty, one of Interbake's lawyers, told Bouchard.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES Mormon leader Dallin Oaks points to 'aggressive' Trump, climate change as 'big worries' E.J. Dionne: Trump has gone completely through the looking glass New planets raise old religious questions BYU basketball: Cougars suffer another humiliating defeat to Saint Mary's Kirby: Truly heeding the 12th Article of Faith is hard for even the best Mormons ELEVATE Professional-in-Residence Jim Mortensen Prepares Students to Become Top Advisors   When to get professional tax help and when to do your own taxes   5 Reasons Why Family River Rafting is the Best Way to Escape   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS POST A COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Close Skip to main content sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs more from the guardian: jobs change edition: switch to the UK edition switch to the AU edition switch to the INT edition US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › arts › books art & design stage classical movies tv & radio music games home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Books George Saunders: what writers really do when they write A series of instincts, thousands of tiny adjustments, hundreds of drafts … What is the mysterious process writers go through to get an idea on to the page? Master of a universe … Illustration by Yann Kebbi for Review. Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close George Saunders Saturday 4 March 2017 03.00 EST 1 Many years ago, during a visit to Washington DC, my wife’s cousin pointed out to us a crypt on a hill and mentioned that, in 1862, while Abraham Lincoln was president, his beloved son, Willie, died, and was temporarily interred in that crypt, and that the grief-stricken Lincoln had, according to the newspapers of the day, entered the crypt “on several occasions” to hold the boy’s body. An image spontaneously leapt into my mind – a melding of the Lincoln Memorial and the Pietà. I carried that image around for the next 20-odd years, too scared to try something that seemed so profound, and then finally, in 2012, noticing that I wasn’t getting any younger, not wanting to be the guy whose own gravestone would read “Afraid to Embark on Scary Artistic Project He Desperately Longed to Attempt”, decided to take a run at it, in exploratory fashion, no commitments. My novel, Lincoln in the Bardo, is the result of that attempt, and now I find myself in the familiar writerly fix of trying to talk about that process as if I were in control of it. We often discuss art this way: the artist had something he “wanted to express”, and then he just, you know … expressed it. We buy into some version of the intentional fallacy: the notion that art is about having a clear-cut intention and then confidently executing same. The actual process, in my experience, is much more mysterious and more of a pain in the ass to discuss truthfully. 2 A guy (Stan) constructs a model railroad town in his basement. Stan acquires a small hobo, places him under a plastic railroad bridge, near that fake campfire, then notices he’s arranged his hobo into a certain posture – the hobo seems to be gazing back at the town. Why is he looking over there? At that little blue Victorian house? Stan notes a plastic woman in the window, then turns her a little, so she’s gazing out. Over at the railroad bridge, actually. Huh. Suddenly, Stan has made a love story. Oh, why can’t they be together? If only “Little Jack” would just go home. To his wife. To Linda. The writer is that person who, embarking upon her task, does not know what to do Donald Barthelme What did Stan (the artist) just do? Well, first, surveying his little domain, he noticed which way his hobo was looking. Then he chose to change that little universe, by turning the plastic woman. Now, Stan didn’t exactly decide to turn her. It might be more accurate to say that it occurred to him to do so; in a split-second, with no accompanying language, except maybe a very quiet internal “Yes.” He just liked it better that way, for reasons he couldn’t articulate, and before he’d had the time or inclination to articulate them. An artist works outside the realm of strict logic. Simply knowing one’s intention and then executing it does not make good art. Artists know this. According to Donald Barthelme: “The writer is that person who, embarking upon her task, does not know what to do.” Gerald Stern put it this way: “If you start out to write a poem about two dogs fucking, and you write a poem about two dogs fucking – then you wrote a poem about two dogs fucking.” Einstein, always the smarty-pants, outdid them both: “No worthy problem is ever solved in the plane of its original conception.” How, then, to proceed? My method is: I imagine a meter mounted in my forehead, with “P” on this side (“Positive”) and “N” on this side (“Negative”). I try to read what I’ve written uninflectedly, the way a first-time reader might (“without hope and without despair”). Where’s the needle? Accept the result without whining. Then edit, so as to move the needle into the “P” zone. Enact a repetitive, obsessive, iterative application of preference: watch the needle, adjust the prose, watch the needle, adjust the prose (rinse, lather, repeat), through (sometimes) hundreds of drafts. Like a cruise ship slowly turning, the story will start to alter course via those thousands of incremental adjustments. The artist, in this model, is like the optometrist, always asking: Is it better like this? Or like this? What a pleasure it is to be, on the page, less of a dope than usual The interesting thing, in my experience, is that the result of this laborious and slightly obsessive process is a story that is better than I am in “real life” – funnier, kinder, less full of crap, more empathetic, with a clearer sense of virtue, both wiser and more entertaining. And what a pleasure that is; to be, on the page, less of a dope than usual. 3 Revising by the method described is a form of increasing the ambient intelligence of a piece of writing. This, in turn, communicates a sense of respect for your reader. As text is revised, it becomes more specific and embodied in the particular. It becomes more sane. It becomes less hyperbolic, sentimental, and misleading. It loses its ability to create a propagandistic fog. Falsehoods get squeezed out of it, lazy assertions stand up, naked and blushing, and rush out of the room. Is any of this relevant to our current political moment? Hoo, boy. When I write, “Bob was an asshole,” and then, feeling this perhaps somewhat lacking in specificity, revise it to read, “Bob snapped impatiently at the barista,” then ask myself, seeking yet more specificity, why Bob might have done that, and revise to, “Bob snapped impatiently at the young barista, who reminded him of his dead wife,” and then pause and add, “who he missed so much, especially now, at Christmas,” – I didn’t make that series of changes because I wanted the story to be more compassionate. I did it because I wanted it to be less lame. But it is more compassionate. Bob has gone from “pure asshole” to “grieving widower, so overcome with grief that he has behaved ungraciously to a young person, to whom, normally, he would have been nice”. Bob has changed. He started out a cartoon, on which we could heap scorn, but now he is closer to “me, on a different day”. How was this done? Via pursuit of specificity. I turned my attention to Bob and, under the pressure of trying not to suck, my prose moved in the direction of specificity, and in the process my gaze became more loving toward him (ie, more gentle, nuanced, complex), and you, dear reader, witnessing my gaze become more loving, might have found your own gaze becoming slightly more loving, and together (the two of us, assisted by that imaginary grouch) reminded ourselves that it is possible for one’s gaze to become more loving. Or we could just stick with “Bob was an asshole,” and post it, and wait for the “likes”, and for the pro-Bob forces to rally, and the anti-barista trolls to anonymously weigh in – but, meanwhile, there’s poor Bob, grieving and misunderstood, and there’s our poor abused barista, feeling crappy and not exactly knowing why, incrementally more convinced that the world is irrationally cruel. Facebook Twitter Pinterest Illustration by Yann Kebbi for Review 4 What does an artist do, mostly? She tweaks that which she’s already done. There are those moments when we sit before a blank page, but mostly we’re adjusting that which is already there. The writer revises, the painter touches up, the director edits, the musician overdubs. I write, “Jane came into the room and sat down on the blue couch,” read that, wince, cross out “came into the room” and “down” and “blue” (Why does she have to come into the room? Can someone sit UP on a couch? Why do we care if it’s blue?) and the sentence becomes “Jane sat on the couch – ” and suddenly, it’s better (Hemingwayesque, even!), although … why is it meaningful for Jane to sit on a couch? Do we really need that? And soon we have arrived, simply, at “Jane”, which at least doesn’t suck, and has the virtue of brevity. But why did I make those changes? On what basis? On the basis that, if it’s better this new way for me, over here, now, it will be better for you, later, over there, when you read it. When I pull on this rope here, you lurch forward over there. This is a hopeful notion, because it implies that our minds are built on common architecture – that whatever is present in me might also be present in you. “I” might be a 19th-century Russian count, “you” a part-time Walmart clerk in 2017, in Boise, Idaho, but when you start crying at the end of my (Tolstoy’s) story “Master and Man”, you have proved that we have something in common, communicable across language and miles and time, and despite the fact that one of us is dead. Another reason you’re crying: you’ve just realised that Tolstoy thought well of you – he believed that his own notions about life here on earth would be discernible to you, and would move you. Tolstoy imagined you generously, you rose to the occasion. The empathetic function in fiction is accomplished via the writer’s relation both to his characters and to his readers We often think that the empathetic function in fiction is accomplished via the writer’s relation to his characters, but it’s also accomplished via the writer’s relation to his reader. You make a rarefied place (rarefied in language, in form; perfected in many inarticulable beauties – the way two scenes abut; a certain formal device that self-escalates; the perfect place at which a chapter cuts off); and then welcome the reader in. She can’t believe that you believe in her that much; that you are so confident that the subtle nuances of the place will speak to her; she is flattered. And they do speak to her. This mode of revision, then, is ultimately about imagining that your reader is as humane, bright, witty, experienced and well intentioned as you, and that, to communicate intimately with her, you have to maintain the state, through revision, of generously imagining her. You revise your reader up, in your imagination, with every pass. You keep saying to yourself: “No, she’s smarter than that. Don’t dishonour her with that lazy prose or that easy notion.” And in revising your reader up, you revise yourself up too. 5 I had written short stories by this method for the last 20 years, always assuming that an entirely new method (more planning, more overt intention, big messy charts, elaborate systems of numerology underlying the letters in the characters’ names, say) would be required for a novel. But, no. My novel proceeded by essentially the same principles as my stories always have: somehow get to the writing desk, read what you’ve got so far, watch that forehead needle, adjust accordingly. The whole thing was being done on a slightly larger frame, admittedly, but there was a moment when I finally realised that, if one is going to do something artistically intense at 55 years old, he is probably going to use the same skills he’s been obsessively honing all of those years; the trick might be to destabilise oneself enough that the skills come to the table fresh-eyed and a little confused. A bandleader used to working with three accordionists is granted a symphony orchestra; what he’s been developing all of those years, he may find, runs deeper than mere instrumentation – his take on melody and harmony should be transferable to this new group, and he might even find himself looking anew at himself, so to speak: reinvigorated by his own sudden strangeness in that new domain. It was as if, over the years, I’d become adept at setting up tents and then a very large tent showed up: bigger frame, more fabric, same procedure. Or, to be more precise (yet stay within my “temporary housing” motif): it was as if I’d spent my life designing custom yurts and then got a commission to build a mansion. At first I thought “Not sure I can do that.” But then it occurred to me that a mansion of sorts might be constructed from a series of connected yurts – each small unit built by the usual rules of construction, their interconnection creating new opportunities for beauty. 6 Any work of art quickly reveals itself to be a linked system of problems. A book has personality, and personality, as anyone burdened with one will attest, is a mixed blessing. This guy has great energy – but never sits still. This girl is sensitive – maybe too much; she weeps when the wrong type of pasta is served. Almost from the first paragraph, the writer becomes aware that a work’s strengths and weaknesses are bound together, and that, sadly, his great idea has baggage. Susan Hill: ‘Can I be a serious writer, keeping such casual hours?’ Read more For example: I loved the idea of Lincoln, alone at night in the graveyard. But how is a novel made from one guy in a graveyard at night? Unless we want to write a 300-page monologue in the voice of Lincoln (“Four score and seven minutes ago, I did enter this ghastly place”) or inject a really long-winded and omniscient gravedigger into the book (we don’t, trust me, I tried), we need some other presences there in the graveyard. Is this a problem? Well, it sure felt like one, back in 2012. But, as new age gurus are always assuring us, a “problem” is actually an “opportunity”. In art, this is true. The reader will sense the impending problem at about the same moment the writer does, and part of what we call artistic satisfaction is the reader’s feeling that just the right cavalry has arrived, at just the right moment. Another wave of artistic satisfaction occurs if she feels that the cavalry is not only arriving efficiently, but is a cool, interesting cavalry, ie, is an opportunity for added fun/beauty – a broadening-out of the aesthetic terms. In this case, the solution was pretty simple – contained, joke-like, in the very statement of the problem (“Who else might be in a graveyard late at night?”). I remembered an earlier, abandoned novel, set in a New York State graveyard that featured – wait for it – talking ghosts. I also remembered a conversation with a brilliant former student of mine, who said that if I ever wrote a novel, it should be a series of monologues, as in a story of mine called “Four Institutional Monologues”. So: the book would be narrated by a group of monologuing ghosts stuck in that graveyard. And suddenly what was a problem really did become an opportunity: someone who loves doing voices, and thinking about death, now had the opportunity to spend four years trying to make a group of talking ghosts be charming, spooky, substantial, moving, and, well, human. Facebook Twitter Pinterest ‘There is something wonderful in feeling the presence of the writer within you, of something wilful that seems to have a plan’ … George Saunders. Photograph: Tim Knox for the Guardian 7 A work of fiction can be understood as a three-beat movement: a juggler gathers bowling pins; throws them in the air; catches them. This intuitive approach I’ve been discussing is most essential, I think, during the first phase: the gathering of the pins. This gathering phase really is: conjuring up the pins. Somehow the best pins are the ones made inadvertently, through this system of radical, iterative preference I’ve described. Concentrating on the line-to-line sound of the prose, or some matter of internal logic, or describing a certain swath of nature in the most evocative way (that is, by doing whatever gives us delight, and about which we have a strong opinion), we suddenly find that we’ve made a pin. Which pin? Better not to name it. To name it is to reduce it. Often “pin” exists simply as some form of imperative, or a thing about which we’re curious; a threat, a promise, a pattern, a vow we feel must soon be broken. Scrooge says it would be best if Tiny Tim died and eliminated the surplus population; Romeo loves Juliet; Akaky Akakievich needs a new overcoat; Gatsby really wants Daisy. (The colour grey keeps showing up; everything that occurs in the story does so in pairs.) Sebastian Barry: ‘Eventually, a serviceable first line is rendered from the heavens’ Read more Then: up go the pins. The reader knows they are up there and waits for them to come down and be caught. If they don’t come down (Romeo decides not to date Juliet after all, but to go to law school; the weather in St Petersburg suddenly gets tropical, and the overcoat will not be needed; Gatsby sours on Daisy, falls for Betty; the writer seems to have forgotten about his grey motif) the reader cries foul, and her forehead needle plummets into the “N” zone and she throws down the book and wanders away to get on to Facebook, or rob a store. The writer, having tossed up some suitably interesting pins, knows they have to come down, and, in my experience, the greatest pleasure in writing fiction is when they come down in a surprising way that conveys more and better meaning than you’d had any idea was possible. One of the new pleasures I experienced writing this, my first novel, was simply that the pins were more numerous, stayed in the air longer, and landed in ways that were more unforeseen and complexly instructive to me than has happened in shorter works. Without giving anything away, let me say this: I made a bunch of ghosts. They were sort of cynical; they were stuck in this realm, called the bardo (from the Tibetan notion of a sort of transitional purgatory between rebirths), stuck because they’d been unhappy or unsatisfied in life. The greatest part of their penance is that they feel utterly inessential – incapable of influencing the living. Enter Willie Lincoln, just dead, in imminent danger (children don’t fare well in that realm). In the last third of the book, the bowling pins started raining down. Certain decisions I’d made early on forced certain actions to fulfilment. The rules of the universe created certain compulsions, as did the formal and structural conventions I’d put in motion. Slowly, without any volition from me (I was, always, focused on my forehead needle), the characters started to do certain things, each on his or her own, the sum total of which resulted, in the end, in a broad, cooperative pattern that seemed to be arguing for what I’d call a viral theory of goodness. All of these imaginary beings started working together, without me having decided they should do so (each simply doing that which produced the best prose), and they were, it seemed, working together to save young Willie Lincoln, in a complex pattern seemingly being dictated from … elsewhere. (It wasn’t me, it was them.) Something like this had happened in stories before, but never on this scale, and never so unrelated to my intention. It was a beautiful, mysterious experience and I find myself craving it while, at the same time, flinching at the thousands of hours of work it will take to set such a machine in motion again. Why do I feel this to be a hopeful thing? The way this pattern thrillingly completed itself? It may just be – almost surely is – a feature of the brain, the byproduct of any rigorous, iterative engagement in a thought system. But there is something wonderful in watching a figure emerge from the stone unsummoned, feeling the presence of something within you, the writer, and also beyond you – something consistent, wilful, and benevolent, that seems to have a plan, which seems to be: to lead you to your own higher ground. Lincoln in the Bardo is published by Bloomsbury. To order a copy for £14.24 (RRP £18.99) go to bookshop.theguardian.com or call 0330 333 6846. Free UK p&p over £10, online orders only. Phone orders min p&p of £1.99. Books Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts selected lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts selected movies tv & radio music games books selected art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK skiing environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed video Arts › Books Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content iMore Forums Ask a Question New Posts Trending Discussions iPhone 7 iPhone 7 Plus iPhone 6s iPhone 6s Plus MacBook Pro Apple Watch Series 2 iOS 10 macOS Sierra iPad Pro (12.9-inch) iPad Pro (9.7-inch) Shop HOT ACCESSORY DEAL$ Digital Offers Best sellers New releases Cases and covers Chargers and cables Battery packs Screen Protectors iPhone iPad Watch TV Mac How to Live Help Reviews The Best Best iPhone apps Best iPad apps Best Mac apps Deals Today's Trending Tech Deals Digital Offers Apps Games Log in or Sign up Fewer ads and it's free! Forums iPhone iPad Mac Apps Games Features Reviews Virtual Reality Help & How To Question & Answer Contests Shop now! Podcasts Contact iMore About iMore Android Central CrackBerry iMore Windows Central Tesla Central VR Heads MrMobile Modern Dad Get involved Nintendo's Parental Control app is amazing Wave 'em like you just don't care Freedom, thy name is Nintendo Switch Joy-Con You probably disagree Nintendo says dead pixels on your Switch are normal. Do you agree? Get ready to play! The Nintendo Switch has arrived and iMore is giving one away Podcast iMore show 547: Switched, with Russell Holly < > iPhone 7 iPhone 8 iOS 10 iOS 11 Pokemon Go macOS Sierra watchOS tvOS iPad Pro Buyers Guide Gift Guide Order: BeatsX | AirPods | MacBook Pro | iPhone 7 | Shop: Insanely Cheap Wireless Plans Nintendo Switch Where to buy Nintendo Switch on launch day in the U.S. By Lory Gil Thursday, Mar 2, 2017 at 5:00 pm EST 1 Comment Missed the Switch pre-order? You can still get one on launch day if you're fast! If you were not one of the lucky few to get in on the Nintendo Switch preorder and have been waiting for that fateful day when you can rush the line and grab one off of the shelf, the day has come. Starting at 12:01 a.m., many game stores will be selling the Switch to the poor souls willing to stay up late and stand out in the freezing weather. If that is you, here are the places you can try. Note: Speaking from personal experience waiting in line for something to go on sale at midnight, I recommend you show up no less than five hours before the sale. You'd be surprised how fast a line starts at these events, and the Switch has a lot of hype around it right now. So, grab a cup of coffee, a camping chair, and your 3DS and be prepared to settle in for a long wait. GameStop In my opinion, GameStop is going to be your best bet for getting a Nintendo Switch on March 3, but that's only if you're willing to get there at midnight. According to a press release from GameStop, they're doing everything they can to make sure there will be enough Switches for all customers. We have worked with Nintendo to do the best we can in ensuring walk-in customers who want the Switch are taken care of - and they will have a hard time finding consoles for walk-in customers anywhere else! In addition, we suggest to customers who want to take advantage of this to attend our midnight launch parties, as that will give them the best chance of securing one of these extra Switch consoles. According to Forbes, GameStop will also sell Switch and Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild bundles for $429.99, which is about a $30 discount. See at GameStop Best Buy Best Buy is jumping on the midnight sale bandwagon and will be selling the Switch just after midnight at its various locations. Midnight Store Openings. Pick up the console, games, and accessories at a participating store on Friday, March 3, at 12:01 a.m. local time. Plus, while supplies last, get a free Zelda poster. According to BGR, you'll have a chance to get a Switch on a first-come, first-served basis on launch day. There will be a ticket system in place for customers waiting in line, and Best Buy will only pass out as many tickets as there are consoles. See at Best Buy Walmart Walmart Supercenters that are open 24 hours will have stock of the Nintendo Switch available at 12:01 a.m. for $299. Both the gray model and the blue and red model will be available. There is no official information regarding whether there will be a ticketing system. Walmart also didn't specify whether locations that aren't normally open 24-hours will participate in the midnight sale. If your local Walmart does not traditionally stay open 24-hours, it would be smart for you to call ahead to see if they will be making an exception tonight. See at Walmart Target Target is bucking the trend and making you wait until tomorrow, when it opens at regular store hours of 8:00 a.m. if you want a Switch. The good news is, if you fail to get one at one of the other retailer's midnight sales, you still have a chance with Target. According to Polygon, Target will also refresh online sales starting "Friday morning." This doesn't mean you'll get one shipped to your front door a few hours later, but it does mean you'll have another chance to get one sooner rather than later if all the in-store stock sells out. My recommendation; Have Target's online Switch order page prepped and ready, just in case all other options fail you by 8:00 in the morning. See at Target Nintendo Switch Nintendo Switch FAQ Nintendo Switch Games Nintendo Switch News Pre-order at Amazon Like us! Share on Facebook Reader comments Where to buy Nintendo Switch on launch day in the U.S. 1 Comment View All Comments Log In to Comment Register Sort by Date Sort by Rating cuttheredwire /me spams refresh button on Target's site… 0 3 days ago Reply 500M Consumers Reached Yearly Copyright 2016 Mobile Nations • Terms and Conditions • Privacy Policy • Careers: Writer | Dev • Licensing • External Links Disclosure Advertising Partner
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Victorville to host free cleanup event Saturday Friday Mar 3, 2017 at 8:55 PM Staff Reports The City of Victorville and Victorville Disposal are sponsoring a free Neighborhood Cleanup/Free Dump Day event Saturday to make it easy for residents to clean up their yards and neighborhoods. The event will run from 8 a.m. to 1 p.m. and will take place in the parking lot of the former Wal-Mart, 15272 Bear Valley Road, Victorville, located at the corner Bear Valley Road and Balsam Avenue. Residents can dispose of garden trimmings, broken fences, old furniture, mattresses, appliances, scrap metal, cardboard boxes and other debris free of charge. No tires, TVs, computers, hazardous waste, paint, oil, compressed gas cylinders, dirt or asbestos materials will be accepted. This is for Victorville residents only and proof of residency such as a water bill or other utility bill will be required. No business waste materials or commercial vehicles will be accepted. For more information, call 760-955-8615 or go to VictorvilleRecycles.com. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev New travel ban order draws mix of reactions in Minnesota Standardized tests costly but payoff varies, audit finds House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul Likely tornado touches down near Zimmerman Was state to blame in White Bear Lake's decline? MN Senate rejects Real ID measure for driver's licenses On East Lake Street, debate heats up over 'livability crimes' Gophers, with Fleck fully in charge, get off to elite start for spring ball Free agency might be unkind to Peterson Gophers' Pitino named Big Ten Coach of the Year David Letterman: 'The only person I can trust anymore is Al Franken' next East Metro 415381424 North/east metro news briefs: Blaine hiring engineers to investigate water system March 3, 2017 — 11:12pm Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Twice in two months, water problems in Blaine have resulted in school closures and prompted warnings for residents to boil their water. Now the city is bringing in a Minneapolis engineering firm to review its water system. Barr Engineering is examining the system’s software, hardware, design and security. The work will continue through March, said Bob Therres, public services manager. The city will spend between $25,000 and $30,000 for the firm’s services. Residents reported water disruptions on Jan. 8 and again on Feb. 12. The first issue was software-related and the second was mechanical and electrical, City Manager Clark Arneson said at a February news conference. Both involved a communication and alert system mishap, Arneson said. A police investigation concluded that no criminal actions or hacking were involved in the first water disruption. Preliminary findings on the second incident reveal the same, according to officials. Hannah Covington Coon Rapids Anoka-Ramsey rolls out student transfer plan Students attending Anoka-Ramsey Community College can now snag guaranteed admission to Augsburg College in Minneapolis if they meet certain grade-point average (GPA) and credit-hour requirements. The two-school agreement, called the Auggie Plan, was announced at a kickoff event last month. The transfer plan promises admission to Augsburg for students who complete 60 credits at Anoka-Ramsey and maintain a 2.75 GPA. Students with lower GPAs also will be considered, though without guarantees. Anoka-Ramsey, which has campuses in Coon Rapids and Cambridge, Minn., has several transfer agreements for certain programs at other schools, including Concordia University in St. Paul and Bemidji State University. Students who begin work at Anoka-Ramsey for their associate degree and then transfer to Augsburg could save thousands in tuition, said Brian Wollum, director of advising at Anoka-Ramsey. Hannah Covington White Bear Lake City seeks advice on planning for growth The question of where to locate an anticipated 1,750 extra households in White Bear Lake by 2040 is one key issue in an upcoming series of meetings and an online survey the city is hosting as it prepares a new long-range plan. Residents and business owners are being invited to fill out a survey (https://tinyurl.com/h4zkwsx) that asks such questions as “What important changes does White Bear Lake need to make in the next 20 years?” and “When you visit other communities, have you found something that makes you say, ‘We need that in White Bear Lake!’ If so, what was it?” After declines in population for the past two decades, White Bear Lake is expected to add 2,000 residents by 2040. Open-house-style meetings will be held on housing and parks, March 16, and economic competitiveness and resiliency, April 20. Comments may also be sent to compplan@whitebearlake.org. David Peterson Brooklyn Center City, Wal-Mart finalizing police agreement Local police may soon be paid by Wal-Mart to patrol its Brooklyn Center store in an effort to reduce crime at a location that has logged the city’s most police calls in recent years. City Council members on Monday approved the policing agreement between Brooklyn Center and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Under the agreement, the retailer will pay the city for a police officer to be stationed at the store from 4 p.m. to 10 p.m. Thursday through Sunday. Details of the agreement will be finalized over the next few weeks, said Police Chief Tim Gannon. Since the store opened in 2012, it has been the biggest single source of Brooklyn Center’s police calls. Other metro area cities have devised similar policing contracts with respect to their Wal-Mart stores. The hope, Gannon said, is for local police to begin their contracted patrols by the end of March. Hannah Covington St. Francis Applicants sought for on-call firefighters The St. Francis Fire Department wants to hire more paid on-call firefighters for both day and night shifts. The department currently has about 20 on-call firefighters and is looking to hire five or six more — especially for daytime shifts, according to Fire Chief Matt Kohout. Applications are available at City Hall, 23340 Cree St. NW., and on the city’s website. More information is available at www.mnfirehire.com. Applications will be accepted until 5 p.m. on March 13. Hannah Covington View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } More from Star Tribune Stowaway cat survives 400-mile ride beneath St. Paul owner's semi-truck Likely tornado touches down near Zimmerman MN Senate rejects Real ID measure for driver's licenses David Letterman: 'The only person I can trust anymore is Al Franken' House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul Wet floor forces Wolves to postpone home game Mpls. police second-in-command Arneson set to retire St. Paul's Highland Park High finds resistance to Air Force JROTC program St. Paul chief: First 100 days on job 'incredibly challenging time' St. Paul should keep taxes in check despite lack of state aid Police identify Eagan woman as pedestrian killed in St. Paul More From Local East Metro 12:24am Standardized tests costly but payoff varies, audit finds Minnesota principals and teachers say they need help putting data from the tests to work. Local March 6 Likely tornado touches down near Zimmerman It's earliest recorded in state. Winds may howl at 50 to 60 miles per hour Monday night into Tuesday, the National Weather Service said. TV & Media March 6 Man pleads guilty for threatening people who downloaded porn A former Chicago lawyer who threatened to sue thousands of people who downloaded pornographic video pleaded guilty to fraud charges. Minneapolis March 6 On East Lake Street, debate heats up over 'livability crimes' Minneapolis is torn over whether arrests for drinking in public and loitering with an open bottle help or hurt. Local March 6 Nurses' union reports a rise in complaints of unsafe hospital practices Hospital group calls report by nurses' union a "stunt." Top Stories New travel ban order draws mix of reactions in Minnesota Mar. 6 Standardized tests costly but payoff varies, audit finds 12:24am House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul 12:50am Most Read Was state to blame in White Bear Lake's decline? • East Metro Standardized tests costly but payoff varies, audit finds • East Metro Vadnais Heights student charged with stalking teacher, making slurs • East Metro St. Paul police warn of phone scammers posing as law enforcement, IRS • East Metro Judge sets $40K bail for Diamond Reynolds in hammer attack • East Metro World North Korea fires 4 banned ballistic missiles into sea UK lawmakers to companies: End sexist high-heel dress codes Nation NYPD agrees to greater oversight after spying on Muslims White supremacists have 'unprecedented outreach' to try to recruit college students, ADL says Politics House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul Trump offers Planned Parenthood funds if it halts abortions markets get quote symbol lookup 20 minute delay last updated Wild Yeo's visit as Blues coach is about success vs. Wild, and for his son Wild keeping practices short but efficient Wolves Wet floor forces Wolves to postpone home game Scoggins: Even with postponement, Aussie gets taste of being Wolves fan Gophers Gophers, with Fleck fully in charge, get off to elite start for spring ball Gophers' Pitino named Big Ten Coach of the Year Celebrities Kate McKinnon of SNL lampoons Sessions in 'Forrest Gump' parody (Video) One Direction's Louis Tomlinson arrested in airport scuffle Vikings 'A true professional.' Vikings' Greenway to announce retirement Free agency might be unkind to Peterson poll Poll: What do you think of the Wild's trade with Arizona? 10,000 Takes Minnesotans are loving this mild winter, but I want more cold and snow In becoming a U.S. citizen, I realized I've been an American all along Featured Gallery Take a tour of the new Palace Theatre in St. Paul 14 photos The big, new music venue is being ran by First Avenue general manager Nate ... Featured Video Art Shanty project is an inspiring way to enjoy winter 01:17 Minnesota people talk about their Art Shanty' experiences on the open weekend ... Taste Young Joni in Minneapolis serves up restaurant of the future Granite City restaurant in St. Louis Park to close StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships Activism Labor and Women's Rights Movement Plan Ambitious Mass Protests to Fight Trumpism Key labor groups are throwing their weight behind an International Women's Day of mass protests. By Sarah Lazare / AlterNet March 3, 2017 Print Comments Photo Credit: Michael Wende / Shutterstock.com Sectors of the U.S. labor movement are throwing their weight behind an International Women’s Day call for mass actions to protest the gendered violence wrought by neoliberalism, from workplace harassment to environmental destruction to the gutting of welfare systems. Timed for Wednesday, March 8, the global day of action was “organized by and for women who have been marginalized and silenced by decades of neoliberalism directed towards working women, women of color, Native women, disabled women, immigrant women, Muslim women, lesbian, queer and trans women,” according to the International Women's Strike, which describes itself as a grassroots movement. The mobilizations also have the backing of the organizers of the January 21 Women’s March, the largest inaugural protest in U.S. history. While Women’s March organizers have termed March 8 “a day without women,” actions will include rallies, protests, direct actions and teach-ins, in addition to a more traditional work stoppage. Similar actions are slated to sweep nearly 30 countries, from Mexico to Bolivia to Russia. Tithi Bhattacharya, who is active with the U.S. arm of the International Women’s Strike, is a longtime activist for Palestinian justice, a professor of South Asian History and the director of Global Studies at Purdue University. She told AlterNet, “We knew very well when we used the word ‘strike’ that women (and men) in the vast majority of workplaces will not be able to go on strike. How could they? Union density is currently at its lowest in this country. Moreover, even where unions exist, they usually carry no-strike clauses in their contracts. A vast number of people work in states where striking has been criminalized for years.” “But despite these challenges,” Bhattacharya continued, “the involvement of labor unions and labor groups has been amazing." Chapel Hill-Carrboro schools just announced it will close down March 8 because it expects large numbers of employees to go on strike. Under the banner, Women Workers Rising, major unions and workers’ organizations are calling for a demonstration at the Department of Labor in Washington, D.C., to “end workplace violence and harassment and promote pay equity, one fair living wage, paid leave and labor rights at work.” The action is being organized by One Billion Rising in coalition with at least eight union or worker organizations, including National Nurses United, Restaurant Opportunities Centers United, OUR Walmart, the American Federation of Teachers, Jobs with Justice, the Domestic Workers’ Alliance and other labor and social justice groups. "Every day, we see the Trump administration’s attack on women's bodies and lives, especially immigrants and women of color,” Andrea Cristina Mercado, the campaign director for the National Domestic Workers Alliance, told AlterNet. “Our work, contributions, and humanity continue to be undervalued. That is why we endorsed A Day Without Women—as a way of showing opposition to the terrorizing and criminalizing of our communities.” “While some domestic workers are participating, we did not call on members to strike, because it's hard for many who are caring for elders or children to take a day off,” Mercado continued. “But there are so many ways to show resistance, and on March 8, we will stand together, and embody radical sisterhood." The day of action has earned the endorsements of union locals and workers’ organizations, including Labor for Palestine, Rutgers AAUP-AFT and UAW Local 2325 — Association of Legal Aid Attorneys. Among the endorsers is the SEIU Lavender Caucus, which describes itself as “the Lesbian/Gay/Bisexual/ Transgender (L/G/B/T) Caucus of the Service Employees International Union, whose purpose is to facilitate open and respectful communication between the L/G/B/T community and the labor movement.” Megan Moskop is a New York City teacher and an organizer with the Movement of Rank and File Educators (MORE), the social justice caucus of the United Federation of Teachers. Moskop said MORE officially endorsed the March 8 day of actions “because 70 percent or more of the teaching profession in New York City is women. Sexism in our profession is rampant. We only have the most basic family medical leave. Part of the reason it is such a hard job is because it's a job women have traditionally done.” “When women are standing up in the international community and saying sexism is real, we want to stand alongside them,” Moskop said. The U.S. platform for the International Women’s Strike includes calls for labor rights, a halt to gender violence, environmental justice and an “anti-racist and anti-imperialist feminism,” stating: “This means that movements such as Black Lives Matter, the struggle against police brutality and mass incarceration, the demand for open borders and for immigrant rights and for the decolonization of Palestine are for us the beating heart of this new feminist movement.” In addition, the platform calls for “full social provisioning” and issues the demand “that the welfare system work to support our lives rather than shame us when we access such rights.” Organizers say they draw inspiration from mass protests far beyond U.S. borders. “Following the example of Icelandic women in 1975, Polish women went on a day-long strike to halt plans for criminalizing abortion and miscarriage on Oct. 3, 2016,” the International Women’s Strike writes. “That planned legislation was immediately withdrawn by the government. Similar issues brought Korean women to protest several times that same month against introduction of higher penalties for doctors performing abortions. On Oct. 19, 2016, Argentine women responded with massive hour-long strikes and rallies to an inhuman femicide and brutal repression [by police] of the Women’s National Meeting." Union members told AlterNet that these kinds of mass protests are sorely needed in the United States, and that labor’s participation is often driven by the rank and file. “It’s important to see labor use its power to move protests further and go from demonstrations to strikes,” Peter Lamphere, a member of MORE-UFT and a teacher in New York City, told AlterNet. “We’ve seen that already in the immigrant community and with New York City taxi workers.” On February 16, thousands of people across the United States walked off the job, shut down their stores and restaurants and stayed home from school to participate in an immigrant strike against the deportation policies of the Trump administration. The strike was accompanied by mass protests in cities and towns across the country, including Chicago, Raleigh, Austin and San Francisco. Those mass protests followed a one-hour strike on January 28 by the New York Taxi Workers, in solidarity with large-scale protests against Trump’s travel ban targeting Muslims. "Drivers stand in solidarity with thousands protesting [the] inhumane and unconstitutional Muslim ban,” the 19,000-member strong union declared over social media. “We see the Trump administration as posing an existential threat to the labor movement, so right after the election we immediately got involved in pushing UFT to take whatever action it could to challenge what Trump was doing,” Lamphere emphasized. “So we pushed for the union to endorse the Women's March and sent buses. The women's strike is the next step coming out of that.” Sarah Lazare is a staff writer for AlterNet. A former staff writer for Common Dreams, she coedited the book About Face: Military Resisters Turn Against War. Follow her on Twitter at @sarahlazare.         Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg 'We're Going Broke': West Palm Beach Business Owners Want Trump to Spend Weekends Somewhere Else David Edwards / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/06/2017 - 07:36 This Is a Fight Against Fascism—Our Resistance Tactics Have to Change Anis Shivani / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 03/05/2017 - 12:00 Robert Reich: 3 Terrifying Reasons for Trump’s Latest Rant Robert Reich / RobertReich.org Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 03/05/2017 - 08:38 Paul Krugman: Why Republicans Have No Idea What They're Doing Ilana Novick / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/06/2017 - 06:12 White House Attorneys Scramble to Come Up with Evidence to Back Trump’s ‘Wiretap’ Claims David Ferguson / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 03/05/2017 - 08:16 The Shocking Links Between Azerbaijan Oligarchs, an Iranian Terror Group and Trump Hotel Travis Gettys / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/06/2017 - 10:19 As Many as 60,000 Detained Immigrants May Have Engaged in Forced Labor for Private Prison Companies April M. Short / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Sun, 03/05/2017 - 13:47 The Distractor-in-Chief: Trump Counts on Media Falling for His Off-the-Wall Tweets and Failing to Focus on What Matters Jane McAlevey / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/06/2017 - 06:05 The Search for Trump's Smoking Gun Robert Kuttner / The Huffington Post Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/06/2017 - 07:08 John Oliver Blasts President Trump's Wiretap Allegations Alexandra Rosenmann / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Mon, 03/06/2017 - 03:42 Today's Top Stories Media Vampire Webpages Suck Content From Legitimate Progressive News Sites Immigration White House Announces Revised Travel Ban, Cites Bowling Green and 'Honor Killings' in U.S. Human Rights Abuse? Trump Plan Will Separate Immigrant Children From Their Parents The Right Wing Every Bizarre Trump Eruption Is a Rehearsal for When It Really Matters News & Politics 4 Ways to Stay Mentally Fit If You're Struggling With the Political Mess We Are In The Right Wing Trump's Generals Will Build on Obama Policies Toward a Permanent State of War for the U.S. News & Politics Trump's 'School Choice' Plan: Religious Fundamentalism at Taxpayer Expense World How the U.S. Created a Human Rights Disaster in Honduras—and How It Can Be Stopped News & Politics Khizr Khan Forced to Cancel Toronto Trip After Being Told His Travel Privileges Are Being 'Reviewed' Immigration Locked in Limbo: Ankle Monitors Hinder Immigrant Families Success News & Politics Disabled Cancer Survivor Invited by Maryland Democrat to Attend Trump's Speech: 'I Am Terrified by Trump's Push to End Obamacare' Labor Social Self-Defense: Labor Must Embrace the Anti-Trump Resistance to Fight for the Working Class Environment Trump Policy Could Wipe Out Endangered Gorillas on the Brink of Extinction—but You Can Help Save Them News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals Vampire Webpages Suck Content From Legitimate Progressive News Sites Human Rights Abuse? Trump Plan Will Separate Immigrant Children From Their Parents How the U.S. Created a Human Rights Disaster in Honduras—and How It Can Be Stopped ◀ Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com State Politics March 3, 2017 2:59 PM Republicans ready to ‘duke it out’ over budget, ideological differences By Mary Ellen Klas Herald/Times Tallahassee Bureau LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story TALLAHASSEE Florida lawmakers open their annual 60-day session on Tuesday fresh off one of the most bitter political seasons in years and for Republicans, who control both chambers and the governor’s office, the feuding has already begun. Senate President Joe Negron, R-Stuart, says voters sent a message that they want legislators to address education, economic security and water — including what he sees is a need to build a reservoir south of Lake Okeechobee to reduce toxic algae discharges into estuaries along the east and west coasts. House Speaker Richard Corcoran, R-Land O’Lakes, says “education will be a priority” but he believes voters signaled they want leaders “who will blow things up” — a validation, he says, of his push for lobbying and legislative reforms intended to “end the culture of corruption” in Tallahassee. If Corcoran’s rhetoric isn’t enough to ignite an intraparty feud, there’s extra friction from the political aspirations of a powerful few Republicans. Gov. Rick Scott and the three term-limited members of the Cabinet all leave office in 2018 and Republican legislative insiders — from Corcoran to Senate Appropriations Chairman Jack Latvala — dominate the field of possible replacements, injecting party politics into the testy session mix.   “Democrats will sit back and watch the House and Senate take pot shots at the governor, and duke it out,” said Rep. Janet Cruz, D-Tampa, the House’s minority leader. But she fears the political sparring will be so fierce between the ideologically conservative House and politically moderate Senate that “there will be a hellish budget fight” and the session could end in stalemate and forcing a special session. “There is always a political calculus as to your long-term goals as a public official that is at play in any given session,” said Sen. Tom Lee, R-Thonotosassa, a former Senate president. But this session he credits the election of Trump with giving “rebels and mavericks” like Corcoran “a booster shot of confidence.” Budget back and forth At the heart of the internecine war is how each chamber approaches the state’s $83.5 billion budget. Scott has called for $618 million in tax cuts, increases in education spending, and more than $800 million in cuts to the baseline of hospital funding. He wants to give $85 million to Enterprise Florida for business incentives and $76 million to the state’s tourism marketing agency, Visit Florida. But Corcoran has declared an ideological war against the governor’s “corporate subsidies.” Echoing the talking points of Americans for Prosperity, the Koch brothers-affiliated free-market advocacy group, House committees approved a bill backed by Corcoran to eliminate Enterprise Florida and severely limit funds to Visit Florida.   Democrats will sit back and watch the House and Senate take pot shots at the governor, and duke it out. Rep. Janet Cruz, D-Tampa Scott sees that effort as a direct shot at his most precious progeny, his jobs program. So the governor revved up his political committee, which he has keep in perpetual campaign mode since he was first elected, and launched a spirited assault on the House idea. His offensive included a taxpayer-funded roadshow to House member districts, robo-calls to voters, and a video produced by his political committee in which he accuses Corcoran of being a “career politician.” Corcoran responded by accusing the governor of proposing “$450 million in property tax increases” because the governor’s proposed budget allows the state to capture the tax increases on property values to pay for schools — a practice Republican Legislatures have done for years while denying it should be considered a tax increase. “That’s a hell no,” Corcoran said recently in an interview. “We are not raising property taxes to fund government waste, and we are not raising property taxes on property owners to give it to business owners. That’s a non-starter.” Gaming, marijuana and more While the budget battle will take center stage, lawmakers will also attempt to tackle a new gaming compact with the Seminole Tribe, enact voter-approved constitutional amendments to allow for expanded use of medical marijuana and tax breaks for solar power generation. They will attempt to rewrite the state’s death penalty sentencing law and the workers compensation reform law. And, with 160 lawmakers swept into power with millions in special interest money, lawmakers have also put a priority on advancing industry turf battles and ideological favorites. Bills that are ready for early action in the full House or Senate include Wal-Mart’s push to allow retail stores to sell hard liquor, the NRA’s push to let gun owners carry concealed weapons in more places, and the trial lawyers’ effort to create more avenues for lawsuits, including a conservative push to create a new cause of action relating to abortion. “There’s no question that the special-interest groups and the lobbying corps have a lot to say about shaping public policy and, with campaigns being so expensive, they have an attentive audience in their elected officials,” said Lee, the former Senate president. The Republican divide over spending is also shaped by the natural clash between the House and Senate in which “the House is trying to bring spending under control in a systemic way and the Senate doesn’t like to be shackled by controls — or budget requests made by bureaucrats — but wants to put its own fingerprint on the budget,” Lee said. As the political brawl over Visit Florida and Enterprise Florida played out last month, it overshadowed Corcoran’s ambitious budget and lobbying reforms designed to make it more difficult for his colleagues to become captive to special interest influence. His blueprint, first outlined in the fall of 2012 with 33 other Republicans House members elected in 2010, declares war on “self-promoting,” self-interested legislators. It blames leaders who “willingly trade significant policy achievements that would benefit Florida for trinkets sought by lobbyists,” and it casts special interests as predators ready to exploit Florida lawmakers for their own agendas. “Government is broken because elected officials fail,” Corcoran wrote in the white paper titled “BluePrint Florida.” He takes pride in the fact that “80 percent of the reforms” he has implemented since taking office as House speaker in November were part of the blueprint. Corcoran also has threatened to sue the Florida Supreme Court for allowing a retired justice to complete his unfinished opinions, ordered an investigation into the nearly $100 million in water wars legal bills owed by the Department of Environmental Regulation and sued the Lottery Department over a new contract. “It’s like coming down at midnight and clicking on the lights,” Corcoran said, referring to his first 93 days as House speaker. “Every single rock we turn over we find graft and corruption and waste of taxpayer money.” Who’s on the high road? But implicit in Corcoran’s agenda is the message that his predecessor Republican leaders screwed up and, to Negron, that kind of rhetoric is an “an act of hubris” and affront to legislative leaders of the past who were able to compromise to achieve results. “This idea that the mere act of trying to work something out is an abdication of principle, I find that to be a stunning rebuke to leaders that I look up to,” Negron told the Herald/Times Tallahassee bureau in an interview. “This system works. It’s not broken. There’s always room for improvement and transparency, and I’m proud of what the Senate’s done.” Cruz and other Democrats commend Corcoran for his candor about “corporate welfare” and what they consider Republican hypocrisy over property taxes. Rep. Sean Shaw, a freshman Tampa Democrat who served as Florida’s Insurance Consumer Advocate under former Chief Financial Officer Alex Sink, also commends the House for working to kill “anti-consumer” insurance measures and being willing to protect consumers as they rework workers compensation and property insurance laws. “Under this House, I feel that the consumer really is getting a fair shake,” he said. “It’s what produces fair and reasonable solutions.” Democrats say the legislative agenda should focus more on transportation access, affordable housing, gun safety, healthcare access and good paying jobs. “Corcoran makes a lot of noise and I would love for him to make a lot of noise about children getting shot,” said Sen. Oscar Braynon of Miami Gardens, the Senate’s Democratic leader. “I’d love to see him make some noise about the opioid crisis, not just issues that appeal to his personal ideology.” For the past 10 years Democrats have complained about the governor and Legislature sweeping money from the Sadowski Affordable Housing Trust Fund, which is earmarked for affordable housing. They put the proceeds from doc stamps on real estate transactions into general revenue to finance tax cuts. “It’s almost like white noise — they don’t hear us anymore,” Braynon said. “But because affordable housing is a problem, especially in our urban corridors, you cannot say you’re recruiting businesses if the people that work for them can’t live here.” The bad news for Democrats is that the debate over their priorities will be shrouded by the philosophical debate that will capture Republicans, said Gus Corbella, a veteran lobbyist, former Senate chief of staff and Republican Party operative. “Republicans are solidly entrenched in Florida leadership now so to that end we own the messaging,” he said. “What some people might see as political spats are the internal philosophical rumblings of being in the majority party” with Republicans on “both ends of the spectrum” battling it out. Job shopping Exacerbating the tension is the political calculation the governor and many key leaders are making about the impact this session will have on their prospects for higher office. Scott is widely viewed to be running for the Republican nomination for U.S. Senate to oppose incumbent U.S. Sen. Bill Nelson, a Democrat. Corcoran is considered a potential candidate for governor, challenging Agriculture Commissioner Adam Putnam, another former legislator and congressman who is considered the Republican frontrunner and has all but announced his candidacy. But if Corcoran runs, his immediate rival would be fellow Republican Latvala of Clearwater, the wily chairman of the Senate Appropriations Committee who is aggressively raising money. The legislative players for the Cabinet races include Sen. Denise Grimsley, R-Sebring, who has announced her intentions to run to replace Putnam as agriculture commissioner. Rep. Matt Caldwell, R-Fort Myers, is considering a challenge to Grimsley. Names that have surfaced to replace Attorney General Pam Bondi include Negron, who briefly campaigned for the post in 2006, state Sen. David Simmons, R-Maitland, and Rep. Jose Felix Diaz, R-Miami. And for the post of chief financial officer, possible candidates include Lee, who sought the seat in 2006, and Jacksonville Mayor Lenny Curry, the former head of the Florida Republican Party. “The political roads are littered with the dashed dreams of former legislators who thought they could go to the next level,” said Corbella, the GOP lobbyist. “That’s a pocked road. The way things are shaping up, it looks like it may be mostly legislators running for these offices. The question is, will they transfer that Tallahassee power to a statewide level?” While Corcoran has commanded the spotlight so far, he is hampered by little name recognition if he does pursue a statewide campaign. Cruz said she fears that a tumultuous session that ends in stalemate, is revived by a special session, and catapults ideological issues into the limelight, may serve both Corcoran’s goals and the goals of the governor. “Both sides understand posturing and holding projects hostage for compromise,” she said. “We’ll come to a compromise, but when one person is trying to portray himself as purer than the others, if we are here through the summer, it is because of politics.” She also offers a warning: “History repeats itself,” she said, noting that the Republican feud is a lot like watching Democrats 25 years ago when they controlled the House and Senate. “If you look back at the last few years of Democratic reign and leadership, they were fighting with one another also. Hopefully, this is the beginning of the end.” Mary Ellen Klas: 850-222-3095, meklas@miamiherald.com, @MaryEllenKlas 5 key issues facing the Florida Legislature BUDGET Gov. Scott and the Legislature have very different priorities. The Senate wants to spend more on higher education and the environment, which would require borrowing, and Scott and the House want tax cuts, while both oppose borrowing. GAMBLING Lawmakers must decide how far they are willing to protect the Seminole Tribe from competition, in exchange for millions in annual revenues. The Senate is open to expanding slot machines throughout the state and at the Tribe’s casinos, while the House wants to restrict options while demanding more money from the Tribe in return. GUNS The Pulse nightclub massacre and the mass shooting at Fort Lauderdale-Hollywood International Airport have intensified the perennial clash between gun owners’ rights and advocates of restrictions. INCENTIVES A House effort to eliminate economic development incentive programs, abolish Enterprise Florida and slash the budget of Visit Florida has sparked intense debate over the state’s role in attracting jobs and promoting tourism. MEDICAL MARIJUANA Voters broadly legalized the use of medical marijuana in November, but the Legislature must pass laws and rules implementing it, and it will be one of the most heavily lobbied issues of the 2017 session. Source: Herald/Times research Related content Richard Corcoran: "Hell, no" to property tax increase LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story State Politics Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 1:05 Court hearing on Miami-Dade mayor's Trump-friendly policy to jail people slated for deportation Pause 1:15 Underground earth home built to withstand all four seasons 2:15 Mother fights for changes after death of son to opioids 2:13 Music professor says creative learning can translate to any field 4:45 UK travel channel features Miami's art scene 1:50 Trump administration announces new travel ban 2:08 Inmate tries to choke detention deputy with towel 0:50 Dragon and Progress ships race to resupply International Space Station 3:11 Derrick Williams talks about the Heat's power forward rotation 3:11 White House responds to father of slain Navy Seal Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 14 hours ago Legislative leaders sound off on how 2016 election shaped 2017 agenda 6:59 14 hours ago Legislative leaders sound off on how 2016 election shaped 2017 agenda 0:52 12 days ago Richard Corcoran: "Hell, no" to property tax increase 1:07 19 days ago Florida lawmakers want to reform school assessment schedule View more video Stay Connected Follow Us Oops, you haven't selected any newsletters. Please check the box next to one or more of our email newsletters and submit again. Oops, you didn't provide a valid email address. Please double-check the email field and submit again. Oops, you haven't provided a valid captcha. Please enter the captcha and submit again. Sign up for email newsletters 5-Minute Herald (Monday - Friday) The best of the morning's Miami Herald. Afternoon Update (Monday - Friday) Latest news, plus the afternoon business & national news. News Alert (When it happens) the first to know when big news breaks. Business (Monday - Friday) Keep up with local business news and small business advice. Politics (Monday - Friday) Keep up with the latest news on national, state and local politics. View all newsletters State Politics Was the state’s massive lottery contract an illegal bet? Lawmakers push for more ‘religious liberties’ in Florida public schools Drug dealers as murderers? Proposed Florida law targets sellers fueling overdose crisis New Enterprise Florida CEO quits, cites ‘critical’ differences with governor This political leader stormed Florida’s capital and made a lot of people angry Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Rodeo EyeOpener Traffic Contests Events Weather 73° 73° Low 57° High 79° Wed 63° 70° Thu 67° 78° Fri 66° 78° See complete forecast Target has terrible holiday and warns of awful 2017 Posted 11:22 AM, February 28, 2017, by CNN Wire Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email An exterior photograph of a Target store in Martinsburg, Virginia. × Target has terrible holiday and warns of awful 2017 An exterior photograph of a Target store in Martinsburg, Virginia. NEW YORK (CNNMoney) — Tar-jay is no longer in style. Target missed the bullseye badly during the holidays, reporting earnings that were below forecasts. And the company’s outlook for this year was much worse than expected, sending the stock down 13% in early trading. Shares are down 20% this year. The terrible numbers from Target are just another sign of how tough it is for traditional retailers to compete against the online juggernaut that is Amazon. “Our fourth quarter results reflect the impact of rapidly changing consumer behavior, which drove very strong digital growth but unexpected softness in our stores,” said Brian Cornell, chairman and CEO of Target. To Target’s credit, the company has embraced e-commerce. Target said digital sales were up 34% from a year ago. That’s higher than Amazon’s overall sales growth during the holidays and even outpaced the 29% jump in online revenue growth that Walmart posted in the fourth quarter. The problem is that online sales are not growing quickly enough to offset the sales declines in Target’s physical stores. Target said overall revenue fell more than 4% from a year ago. Part of that was because of Target’s decision to sell its in-store pharmacies to CVS in late 2015. But revenue was down at Target even after factoring in the absence of pharmacy sales from the fourth quarter of 2016’s results. Consumers are increasingly shunning traditional retailers like Target and shopping online. Macy’s, Kohl’s, JCPenney and Sears have also been hit hard by this shift in recent years. Target seems to have been caught off guard by the magnitude of the change, though. The company had predicted a strong holiday quarter in November, but warned in January that its results would miss forecasts. The numbers Target reported on Tuesday were even worse than what it forecast last month. The company expects earnings for the first quarter and the full fiscal year will be lower than what Wall Street analysts were predicting. And Target said same-store sales, which measures the performance of stores open at least a year, will fall in the first quarter and for the full year. A decline in commodity prices has also led to problems in Target’s grocery division. Many big supermarket chains like Kroger and Whole Foods have warned that while lower food prices can be good news for consumers, they hurts profit margins for retailers. Target said it plans to “transition to a new financial model.” The company is expected to provide Wall Street more details about the new strategy when management has a conference call with analysts later Tuesday morning. The woes are the latest setback for a company hit by a massive data breach in 2013. The credit and debit cards of about 40 million customers were stolen. The problems led to the ouster of longtime CEO Gregg Steinhafel. Cornell, formerly an executive at Pepsi, took over in 2014 and had appeared to right the ship. Sales went back up. But Cornell now faces another problem that might not be so easy to fix — convincing consumers there’s a reason to put their phones down and head back to the mall. Filed in: Nation/World Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Connect with Eye Opener! Keep up with EO online! Popular Woman wants to find boy who left $5 and sad apology note on her door California’s Oroville Dam possibly washing up gold New details in MS-13 satanic gang killing of 15-year-old female Bank robbery suspects lead police on chase from Bellaire to north Houston Latest News Florida man caught on surveillance trying to kill boss three times in same day after being fired Russian company becomes first to create house using 3D printer Legendary magician’s mysterious death ruled accident TSA to get very intimate with new pat-down procedures Nation/World Blue Christmas: Mattel plunges on weak toy sales Nation/World NewsFix Wells Fargo’s notorious sales goals to get a makeover Nation/World Tesla gets downgraded to sell by Goldman Sachs Nation/World NewsFix Tech stocks soar as growth trumps Trump fears NewsFix Democrats, advocates question ICE raids after hundreds of arrests Nation/World The real cost of running a tax holiday on guns Nation/World Fallen angels? Victoria’s Secret sales plunge NewsFix Some good news for Flint in 2016: Crime is down NewsFix Istanbul attack: ISIS claims nightclub shooting Nation/World NewsFix 71-year-old, great-granddaughter missing since Christmas Eve found alive in Virginia woods Nation/World NewsFix Amazon worth more than Sears, Macy’s and Target combined Nation/World Lewd photos of female Marines spark probes, consternation Nation/World NewsFix Body believed to be of missing 6-year-old Colorado boy found in icy pond Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
NEWS l l CHANNELS GamesBeat AI AR/VR Big Data Bots Business Cloud Dev Enterprise Entrepreneur Esports Marketing Media Mobile PC Gaming Security Social Transportation Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise EVENTS l l VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Speaker Media Partner Volunteer Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise RESEARCH l l CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Mobile Gaming Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars Advertise ‹ NEWS › CHANNELS GamesBeat Entrepreneur AI Esports AR/VR Marketing Big Data Media Bots Mobile Business PC Gaming Cloud Security Dev Social Enterprise Transportation ‹ EVENTS › VB EVENTS Upcoming Events GET INVOLVED Sponsor Media Partner Speaker Volunteer ‹ RESEARCH › CATEGORIES Marketing Tech Gaming Mobile Miscellaneous LEARN MORE VB Top Ten Subscription ‹ VENTUREBEAT › About Advertise Careers Contact Got a news tip? Press Releases Newsletters Webinars GAMES Nintendo Switch sells out — but new shipments hit retailers this weekend Jeff Grubb@jeffgrubb March 3, 2017 6:30 PM Tags: console gaming, nintendo, Nintendo Switch, Switch Above: Just copy and paste your hands into this picture instead. Image Credit: Nintendo If you don’t have a Nintendo Switch by now, you’ll probably have to continue waiting at least a few more days. Nintendo’s latest console launch has come and gone (read our review of the hybrid home/handheld device), and the Switch is now mostly sold out at physical retailers like Target, ToysRUs, and Walmart as well as at online stores like Amazon, but you won’t have to wait long to get another chance to pick up the system because new shipments should hit retail locations soon. ToysRUs, for example, confirmed it will have more Switch devices on its shelves on Sunday. To get a Switch from a store like ToysRUs, you’ll have to show up in person on the days they get new shipments. It’s also always a good idea to call first thing in the morning to ask your local GameStop or Best Buy if they’ll have a shipment in that day. While you’re out hunting for a Switch, Nintendo executives back in Kyoto are probably keeping an eye on order numbers. The company has a lot riding on the success of this launch, and selling out through the first weekend isn’t its goal. With the Switch, Nintendo is aiming to course correct after the disappointing Wii U failed to catch on with consumers. To do so, the publisher will have to take this early momentum and excitement, which is partially a byproduct of the debut of The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild, and turn it into sustained sales over the next several years. But that’s going to start with you lining up early outside that ToyRUs in town on Sunday. Good luck! GB Latest News Logitech designed its latest gaming keyboard with esports players Nintendo sells 313,700 Switch consoles in Japan over launch weekend View more ABOUT CONTACT CAREERS ADVERTISE Terms of Service Privacy Policy © 2017 VentureBeat. All rights reserved.
Sections Sections Top Stories Watch U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Shows Shows Good Morning America World News Tonight Nightline 20/20 This Week What Would You Do? Live Live RADAR: Severe Thunderstorms Hitting the Central US Kittens play on 'Dorm Cam' in Los Angeles Sydney Opera House in Sydney Harbor Skiers hit the slopes in Copper Mountain, Colo. Alpacas graze at the Stargazer Ranch in Loveland, CO Penguin cam from the Kansas City Zoo in Missouri Bald eagle tends to her eaglette in Fort Myers, Fla. Live look at the beach surf from Cape May, NJ Old Faithful geyser in Yellowstone National Park Atlantic coast in Gloucester, Mass. from Bass Rocks Ocean Inn More Privacy Policy Your CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based Ads Terms of Use Contact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Search Menu ABC News Log In U.S. International Politics Lifestyle Entertainment Health … … Entertainment Health Tech Investigative Sports Weather Privacy PolicyPrivacy Policy Your CA Privacy RightsYour CA Privacy Rights Children's Online Privacy PolicyChildren's Online Privacy Policy Interest-Based AdsInterest-Based Ads Terms of UseTerms of Use Contact UsContact Us Yahoo!-ABC News Network | © 2017 ABC News Internet Ventures. All rights reserved. Shows Good Morning America Good Morning America World News Tonight World News Tonight Nightline Nightline 20/20 20/20 This Week This Week What Would You Do? What Would You Do? Live Watch Jaycee Dugard Looks Like the Image Forensic Artists Created to Help Find Her By Russell Goldman Close Follow on Twitter More from Russell Oct. 15, 2009 0 Shares Email Star Handout A smiling, seemingly happy Jaycee Dugard graces the cover of upcoming issue of People Magazine as a sign that after 18 years in captivity, life is finally getting back to normal. 0 Shares Email People magazine has made public the first image of Jaycee Dugard as an adult since the woman was kidnapped 18 years ago when she was just 11 years old. On the cover of the magazine, which hits newsstands Friday, a smiling Dugard with long auburn tresses looks remarkably like the age-progression image forensic artists at the National Center for Missing and Exploited Children created to help in the search for the missing woman. Click here to visit People magazine's Web site to see the cover and read more about the exclusive interview. Though Dugard and the two children she had with her alleged kidnapper, Philip Garrido, ultimately were rescued thanks more to the quick thinking of a police officer who met the suspect in August than to the image, similar age-progression photos have been instrumental in the recovery of more than 900 missing children. "The real photo of Jaycee and the age-progression are remarkably similar considering it's been 18 years," said Ernie Allen, president of the center. Allen called the process by which forensic artists create digital versions of what a person might look like years after they went missing "half art and half science." Short of her hair's color and style, Dugard had many of the facial features -- including the shape of her nose and mouth -- experts predicted should would when they created the digital image. The NCMEC has been creating digital age-progressions of missing children since 1989, because, Allen said, "the public has a hard time imagining what a two-year-old might look like at six or eight years old and these images help the public recognize and identify missing children who have gotten older." The center, which works in conjunction with the FBI and distributes the age-progression images through thousands of police departments and more than 400 private distributors that plaster the images on milk cartons, mass mailings and in well-trafficked public areas like Wal-Mart stores. Forensic artists create a composite image using photos of the missing child, photos of the child's parents when they were the age the child would be today, images of the child's siblings and a vast database of 35,000 images of children of all races and ages. The most important feature in creating an age-progression image of a young child over a long period of time is the growth in his skull and face, Allen said. "If you look at the face of an infant, it's all skull and forehead. Over time, there is a lengthening of the skull. We use family photos to simulate that cranial-facial growth and then we select out features that are uniquely inherited," said Allen. "That old saw that a child has his mother's eyes or father's nose is accurate more often than not," he said. Before the image is completed and circulated, artists consult with the child's parents, particularly the mother, about personal tastes that might influence what the older child looks like since she was abducted. "In some cases a parent might say: 'I'm sure my daughter would have bangs, or I think her hair would be longer," Allen said. The NCMEC updates age-progression images every two years for children under 18 years old and every five years for adults older than 18. Though the center previously used specially designed software, today forensic artists at the center typically use the popular photo-effects software Adobe Photoshop. The center has made age-progression portraits for children in many high profile cases including Sean Hornbeck, the boy who was found in 2007 after he was abducted five years earlier, and Maddy McCann, the British girl who went missing in Portugal in 2007. Some of the technology used in creating aged-progression images is the same forensic artists use to create facial reconstructions from skeletal remains. The younger the child was at the time of the abduction, the more difficult it is to create an age-progression image, making the recovery of Aric Austin one of the most remarkable recoveries aided by digital imaging. Aric Austin went missing in 1981 just shy of being two months old, left. The NCMEC created an age-progression composite of what he might look like in his late teens or early 20s, center. A federal investigator recognized Austin and reunited him with his mother when he was 22. Austin was abducted by his non-custodial father when he was just shy of 2 months old from his mother in Vancouver, Wash. in 1981. Twenty-one years later, a U.S. Department of Education investigator working on a case involving fraudulent birth certificates recognized Austin's driver's license photo from an age-progression image. In 2003, when he was 22 years old, Austin was reunited with his mother. Age-progression technology also was instrumental in the recovery of Sara Eghbal-Brin, a three-year-old girl abducted from her mother at knife point in France in 1999 and found in Canada three years later. This image of Sara Eghbal-Brin shows the girl when she went missing at age 3 in France, left. The center image shows a composite of what forensic artists believed she might look like at age 7. The photo at right shows the girl at age 8 after she was recovered. French authorities contacted the NCMEC and said they believed the girl was somewhere in North America. In February 2002, a Royal Canadian Mounted Police officer pulled over a car and recognized the girl in back seat. Dissemination of images to the public was critical in the recovery of Joseph Carson, who went missing in Phoenix in 1998 when he was 3 years old. Joseph Carson went missing in Phoenix when he was 3 years old. A customer at a local auto parts store saw the age-progression composite, center, created by the NCMEC and contacted authorities. The image on the right shows Joseph after he was recovered at age 9. A customer at a local auto parts store recognized the age-progression image that was being shown on a screen in the shop that featured missing children and contacted authorities. In 2003, when he was 9, Joseph was reunited with his mother. "The goal of using this technology is to keep the case alive and provide hope to the families," Allen said. "The world forgets, police run out of leads, the media spotlight fades, but with enough science and persistence we hope to stimulate the public and that they'll call us with information." 0 Shares Email Star Comments " 'Half Art, Half Science': Age-Progression Images Help Find Missing Kids " New satellite imaging allows unprecedented tracking of lightning strikes German court to rule in refugee's Facebook lawsuit Business group: China tech plan threat to foreign firms Pennsylvania Senate Democrats resist ransom in cyberattack Scientists tweak seat cushion material to clean oil spills Zap Map: Satellite tracks lightning for better heads up " World's 1st woman in space, Valentina Tereshkova, turns 80 Fitbit tracks your steps; now it wants to chart your Zs, too Hackers drawn to energy sector's lack of sensors, controls " House Republicans unveil Obamacare replacement plan " Exxon announces expansion program, Trump takes credit US setting up missile defense system in South Korea " North Korea, Malaysia step up dispute over Kim's death " Pregnant woman re-enacts giraffe livestream wearing mask " These mushers brave ice, snow and freezing temps to compete in Alaska’s Iditarod dogsled race " Journalist throws up during plane proposal to girlfriend " Young couple finds it 'freeing' to travel the country in a converted van " Dobby the newborn giraffe gets plasma treatment to bolster immune system " 5th-grader who gave marketing advice to Tesla is 'really, really excited' it's using her idea " Rare penicillin mold auctioned for more than $14K
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: 2 Top E-Commerce Stocks to Buy The growth of e-commerce gives these two dominant companies plenty of room to run. John Ballard (TMFRazorback) Mar 3, 2017 at 7:11PM The growth of e-commerce continues to be a bountiful field for investors to find great stocks. In the fourth quarter of 2016, the Commerce Department reported that e-commerce sales increased 14.3% year over year to $102.7 billion, while total retail sales increased 4.1% in the same period. E-commerce sales represented only 8.3% of total retail sales in the U.S. alone giving companies like PayPal Holdings (NASDAQ:PYPL) and Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN) a long growth runway. These two online behemoths are in the sweet spot of a long-term shift in how people all over the world are transacting in commerce and represent great choices for investors to consider. E-commerce is booming. Image source: Pixabay.  PayPal Holdings According to Datanyze, PayPal dominates online shopping with a 76.8% share of websites who offer similar payment options. This online dominance led PayPal to process 6.1 billion total transactions in 2016, an increase of 24% over 2015. The actual dollar amount processed -- or total payment volume (TPV) -- was $354 billion, which increased 28% year over year. Management's strategy to grow TPV has been to spread PayPal's payment service to as many places as possible. The more ways customers can use PayPal, the more customers it can reach. Since it spun off from eBay, PayPal has been on a tear, signing partnerships with major credit card issuers and banks like Mastercard, Visa, Discover Financial Services, and Citigroup. With these deals, customers will be able to use their credit cards in their PayPal digital wallet wherever contactless payments are accepted. An additional source of growth in the future will be the social payment service Venmo. Venmo's TPV increased 126% to $5.6 billion in the fourth quarter of 2016. This is an annual run rate of about $20 billion -- less than 10% of PayPal's total payment volume -- but this percentage should grow over time. As a result of current business momentum and the expected increase in payment volume from recent partnerships, management expects revenue growth to be 16% to 17% over the next three years, and PayPal's profit should grow in line with revenue. Taking a look at the stock's current valuation, the price-to-earnings ratio on expected 2017 earnings is about 25. PayPal generated $10 billion of revenue last year and management places its addressable market near $100 trillion. Given the large runway of growth ahead, the valuation looks very reasonable. Amazon.com Amazon has completely changed the game for retail. Its rapid growth over the last 20 years left many traditional big box retailers like Wal-Mart Stores scrambling to catch up. Amazon's net sales have grown from $511 million in its first full year of operation in 1995 to $135.9 billion in 2016, and there are still a lot of areas in the world Amazon has yet to penetrate. The key ingredient to Amazon's success has been the culture of experimentation that CEO and founder Jeff Bezos has instilled throughout the company. In his 2015 shareholder letter, he wrote: One area where I think we are especially distinctive is failure. I believe we are the best place in the world to fail (we have plenty of practice!), and failure and invention are inseparable twins. To invent you have to experiment, and if you know in advance that it's going to work, it's not an experiment. Most large organizations embrace the idea of invention, but are not willing to suffer the string of failed experiments necessary to get there. Outsized returns often come from betting against conventional wisdom, and conventional wisdom is usually right. Given a ten percent chance of a 100 times payoff, you should take that bet every time. But you're still going to be wrong nine times out of ten. We all know that if you swing for the fences, you're going to strike out a lot, but you're also going to hit some home runs. This approach has a direct connection to Amazon's growth. Amazon's fast-growing cloud-computing service -- Amazon Web Services (AWS) -- seems an odd fit with its retail business, but in fact AWS fits the company's core mission to be the world's "most customer-centric company."  AWS has been beating the competition in cloud services through the same relentless focus on giving customers the best value and the best service available. In addition to AWS, Amazon Prime was started as an experiment and has been a crucial component to the company's growth in recent years. As a marketing pitch for Prime, Jeff Bezos wrote in his 2015 letter, "We want Prime to be such a good value, you'd be irresponsible not to be a member."  Being a Prime member myself, I can attest there is a lot of truth to his claim. The success of Prime has disrupted the entire retail industry and changed the expectations of shoppers with free two-day shipping along with other benefits, making the company the gold standard of how online shopping should be done.   Amazon is constantly piling other goodies on top of free shipping like Prime Video, Music, and special exclusive deals on certain items for Prime members which creates a very sticky service. At the end of the day, Jeff Bezos is right: You really do feel it would be irresponsible to cancel your membership.  All together, Amazon's net sales grew 27% in 2016 and cash from operations ballooned to $16.4 billion. From day one, CEO Jeff Bezos has stated that the goal is to maximize long-term free cash flow. This focus has allowed the company to expand its fulfillment center infrastructure while keeping a sound balance sheet. At the end of 2016, Amazon had $25.9 billion in cash and marketable securities with $7.7 billion in long-term debt. The stock has tracked the growth in net sales and cash flow over time, and I expect it to do so in the years to come. Which means at the end of the next 10 years, you might be irresponsible for not being an Amazon shareholder. John Ballard owns shares of PayPal Holdings. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon, eBay, Mastercard, PayPal Holdings, and Visa. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Ballard (TMFRazorback) None Article Info Mar 3, 2017 at 7:11PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $846.61 down $-3.27 (-0.38%) PayPal Holdings NASDAQ:PYPL $42.87 down $0.16 (-0.37%) Read More Amazon's Next Major Growth Driver Takes Another Step Forward Is Advertising Amazon's Next Big Growth Product? 3 Stocks You Can Buy and Hold Forever What Is Unearned Revenue, and Why Should Amazon Investors Care About It? My Top 3 Stock Holdings Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current 2 Top E-Commerce Stocks to Buy @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $PYPL
Home The Mix In-Depth Littwin Keefe Events The Beats Civil Rights Education Environment/Energy Health Criminal Justice Politics Donate Mailing list Forced pooling is not mandatory swim practice Colorado law compels communities that own their mineral rights to lease them against their will Daniel Glick and Ted Wood - The Story Group December 01, 2016 Environment/Energy 2 Comments A slightly different version of this story first appeared in the Boulder Weekly.  When James Sines shopped for homes in 2007, he thought he knew how to pick a neighborhood that would never be drilled for oil or gas. His nephew, a geologist, told Sines to ask the real estate agent showing a house in Broomfield’s Anthem development whether the deed included subsurface mineral rights. The real estate agent’s answer was vague. Sines pressed the agent, and learned that the mineral rights beneath the otherwise spacious floor plan would not belong to him. Sines crossed the highway to a development called Wildgrass where orderly rows of executive homes were under construction. “The first question I asked was, `Do I own the mineral rights?’” recalled Sines. The answer was yes, and he bought the house. Nearly a decade later, Sines, a manufacturing consultant, learned that in Colorado, owning your mineral rights doesn’t necessarily protect you from drilling. An arcane provision in Colorado law allows energy companies to drill under residential communities even when homeowners own their mineral rights but don’t want to lease them. It’s called “forced pooling.” Forced pooling, Sines and his 509 Wildgrass neighbors have learned, gives oil and gas companies the right to drill under their property, as long as the company makes a “reasonable” offer to mineral rights owners and at least one homeowner signs a lease. Even if the rest of the community opposes the development and declines to lease their rights, an energy company can apply to the Colorado Oil and Gas Conservation Commission (COGCC) for a forced pooling order, and the COGCC will almost certainly approve it. Forced pooling came to Wildgrass in the form of Extraction Oil & Gas, a company specializing in developing wells near Colorado housing developments – and generating conflict in its wake. Wildgrass residents first heard about Extraction in a letter from High West Resources, Ltd. dated June 24, 2016. The land resource company, which represented Extraction Oil & Gas, LLC, offered to lease each homeowner’s mineral rights in exchange for a $500 signing bonus and a 15 percent royalty on an undisclosed amount of potential oil and gas revenue. The letter ended with this pressure-infused sentence, in bold. “This offer to lease is valid for fifteen (15) days from the date of this letter.” Some Wildgrass residents assumed the letter was a Front Range version of a Nigerian get-rich scheme and tossed it. Others knew they owned mineral rights under their homes and had no intention of leasing them to High West, Extraction or anybody else. Some say they never received the notice at all. A handful signed the lease. Still others were worried, even panicked, especially when they found out that Extraction was threatening Wildgrass residents with forced pooling if they didn’t sign. For Sines, it was a sign he’d better sell. “It can’t be good for property values,” he said, standing near the “For Sale” sign planted near his curb on an early fall day. “There can’t be a return from this leasing that’s more than the impacts on the community’s property values.” He said he has too much sunk into the house to watch his equity disappear, and doesn’t believe that any politician, state regulator or lawyer is going to ride in on a white horse to help. “We’re definitely getting bent over,” said Sines. “I’m outta here.” For many others in Wildgrass, however, it was time to fight back. The Lowell Pad, where Extraction Oil & Gas plans a 42-well site, between Wildgrass and Anthem developments. 1889, meet 2016 The Pennsylvania Supreme Court established the “rule of capture” in 1889 during the heady early days of the oil explosion, differentiating an underground mineral right from a surface landowner’s right. The idea, put simply, was “drillers keepers”— whoever stuck a straw into the ground and sucked oil to the surface could keep it, even if the oil flowed from under a neighbor’s property. That didn’t work so well. (Remember the Daniel Day-Lewis line, “I drink your milkshake,” from There Will Be Blood?) The law evolved to address the increasing number of conflicts that emerged. One result  was to further codify this notion of “split estates,” where one person could own surface property, but another person (or corporation) could own the mineral rights below. As oil companies launched their 20th century catapult to become among the most profitable businesses in history, they hired sophisticated lawyers and lobbyists to write legislation that favored their industry. They ensured those laws would pass by using brute political force and slick public relations campaigns. Ensuing laws gave mineral owners preferential rights to force surface owners to accommodate their rigs, often with disastrous consequences to the surface owners’ domestic tranquility, not to mention their water quality and health. (The oil and gas industry recently spent millions of dollars in Colorado to prevent two initiatives from getting on this year’s ballot that would have placed some limits on oil and gas development, and spent millions more to pass November’s “Raise the Bar” initiative that will make future citizen-led ballot issues even tougher to pass.) Later, the concept of “compulsory pooling” surfaced, giving oil and gas companies the right to access underground hydrocarbons even when they didn’t own them or acquire the rights to lease them. The idea, said CU Law School Thomson Visiting Law Professor Bruce Kramer, was to ensure that a homeowner who didn’t want oil and gas rigs on their property “cannot deprive their neighbor the right to develop them.” Ironically, when two cities in Kansas passed the first “compulsory pooling” laws in 1927, according to Kramer’s analysis, they aimed to limit the number of urban drilling rigs. At the time, Kramer said, “thousands and thousands of wells were being drilled,” since a mineral owner risked having a neighbor drink the mineral owner’s milkshake if they didn’t sink a well themselves. Forced pooling, Kramer said, allowed multiple mineral owners to share the financial benefits of drilling without creating an inefficient mess — or being held hostage by holdouts. Fast forward to the drilling boom of the last decade, when a combination of new, horizontal drilling technology and more sophisticated hydraulic fracturing (fracking) techniques opened up vast frontiers of previously unrecoverable deposits of oil and gas. Oil and gas companies received exemptions from complying with provisions of federal environmental laws such as the Clean Water Act, as famously happened in 2005 when then-Vice President Dick Cheney’s controversial “Energy Task Force” allowed energy companies to withhold information about the toxic chemicals they used for hydraulic fracturing.   States like Colorado also legislated that oil and gas companies would receive preferential treatment on multiple fronts. The laws allowed energy companies to create larger and larger milkshake pools and to snake their straws for miles to access almost any fuels they wanted, including near schools, water sources – and under residential communities like Wildgrass. Over the past decade, residents, cities and counties facing oil and gas development in their backyards have objected. In case after case around the state, they have been systematically overridden: by state law, COGCC regulations and the courts – all interpreting laws that the industry essentially wrote. In May 2016, the state Supreme Court also ruled in favor of the industry by invalidating voter-approved restrictions on new oil and gas developments in Ft. Collins and Longmont, with repercussions for Lafayette, Boulder County – and Broomfield. “The government is not supposed to pick favorites,” said attorney Matthew Sura, who represents Wildgrass and other communities facing forced pooling and neighborhood drilling. “But the oil and gas industry is clearly their favorite here in Colorado.” With the support of the COGCC’s interpretation of its statutes, operators in the state are increasingly using forced pooling as a tool to work in more densely populated areas. Extraction Oil & Gas has 20 pooling applications on the COGCC’s December docket, many of them in and around the city of Greeley. A conservative estimate indicates there are at least 15,000 potentially affected mineral owners in those 20 applications alone, including family estates and corporate owners. Statewide, according to COGCC Director Matthew Lepore, the Commission issued about 540 orders per year between 2012 and 2015. About 40 percent of those were pooling orders, where multiple mineral owners were consolidated into one company’s drilling proposal, with and without the owner’s consent. The COGCC does not track how many owners voluntarily signed leases, and how many were “force-pooled.” In an email response to questions, Lepore wrote that the Commission has not yet encountered a situation where “all or nearly all” of a large number of mineral owners in a spacing unit “are united in opposition to leasing their minerals.” He said that if there is significant resistance, companies may eventually decide it’s too expensive and cumbersome to deal with so many “non-consenting interest owners.” At present, however, “the Colorado the Oil and Gas Conservation Act does not contain a minimum leased or participating acreage percentage requirement for a pooling order to be entered (thus, in theory, a 1% mineral owner could pool the other 99% owners),” Lepore wrote.   Mike Freeman, an attorney with Earthjustice, a non-profit environmental law organization, said that forced pooling laws were written long before “unconventional” gas plays allowed operators to access minerals from miles away. “The mechanism they’re using has really outlived its usefulness,” he said. Law professor Kramer agrees that most legislation around the country has not been updated to consider new technologies and human settlement patterns. “Most pooling clauses contained in oil and gas leases were drafted with vertical well drilling in mind,” Kramer wrote. In a phone interview, Kramer said that some states have altered their laws to give more weight to the property rights of surface owners. Compulsory pooling laws are still prevalent around the country, he said, but are not inviolate. “If a legislature wants to redraw the balance given to people who don’t want to develop their rights,” Kramer said, “the legislature is free to do so.” COGCC’s Lepore said that under current law, if the COGCC ascertains that the spacing is appropriate and the operator meets a couple stipulations, it normally grants such requests. Even homeowners who own their mineral rights have very few legal options to fight a company that wants to drill. “Essentially, an unleased mineral owner can object on grounds that the applicant failed to offer the mineral owner reasonable lease terms,” Lepore wrote, or if the lease didn’t allow homeowners to receive their fair share of the proceeds. In other words, simply not wanting it to happen in your backyard – even if you own the mineral rights –  is not a valid legal reason to object. “We didn’t even think it was possible to frack a neighborhood.” Extraction spokesman Brian Cain recently sent a statement to the news media regarding his company’s  Broomfield plans, stating that it chose locations “to be as far as possible from residential housing.” It promised to provide “professionally design [sic] landscaping, at each site before commencing activities to address visual impacts of these operations. The landscaping will involve rolling berms covered with natural grasses and trees inspired by Colorado’s flowing landscapes and vistas.” According to Cain’s statement, the company also planned “Best Management Practices and latest development technology” to “deliver the safest, cleanest, and best project to the community.” Cain did not respond to several emailed requests for further comment for this article, and his voice mailbox was full. For many people living in residential enclaves like Wildgrass, applying the forced pooling provision in 2016 to a densely inhabited residential development where the vast majority of residents don’t want oil and gas drillers is unfathomable. “We didn’t even think it was possible to frack a neighborhood,” said Wildgrass resident Bernie McKibben, expressing a sentiment shared by a rapidly growing number of urban and suburban residents around the state. The forced pooling news hit Wildgrass residents like a cannonball. “At first I really thought the High West letter was a joke,” said Stephen Uhlhorn, an engineer who bought a house in Wildgrass when he moved from Florida three years ago with his wife, a physician, and their two children. Like many of his neighbors, when Uhlhorn started looking into Extraction’s forced pooling plans, he went from disbelief to anger and defiance. “This is suburbia!” he said. “You don’t expect oil rigs in suburbia.” Uhlhorn is bewildered by the state’s willingness to allow industrial facilities in neighborhoods where it would be tough to get approval to build a new Walmart. “What’s next?” he wondered. “Are they going to drill under the 16th Street Mall? Apparently, there’s nobody that’s going to stop them.” As Coloradans continue to debate local control over oil and gas development, how far well pads should be set back from schools and water sources, and what limits, if any, should be placed on the fossil fuel extraction industry in residential neighborhoods, the Wildgrass case study stands as a sentinel and a warning: if state-sanctioned drilling can happen there, it can happen in any neighborhood in the state that sits atop viable quantities of hydrocarbons. Bernie and Linda McKibben, residents of Wildgrass. They are leading the anti-forced pooling efforts. Welcome to Broomfield: “A great place to live, work, and play!” To understand Wildgrass residents’ concerns about turning their tranquil suburban community into an industrial zone, one only has to drive north along county roads on the east side of I-25 out of Denver. Interspersed among large, new housing developments built by the biggest developers in the country such as Lennar and KB Homes are clusters of mini-refineries barely hidden by hay-bale walls and camouflaged by tan barriers the thickness of corduroy. There, oil and gas companies have built multiple wellheads and dehydrators, separators, compressors, pipelines and storage tanks within a stone’s throw of suburban backyard barbeques, swing sets and elementary schools. All these industrial sites are vulnerable to leaks, spills and explosions, and emit an array of pollutants, including benzene, ethylene and methane. State regulators have only the barest grasp of the kind and amount of emissions that escape these facilities. The COGCC does not regulate air emissions, and the Colorado Department of Public Health and Safety (CDPHE) only inpects well sites about once every five years. (SEE RELATED STORY: TEXAS TEA)  Scientists have documented undetected leaks and inadequate methods of determining the scope of toxic releases. Researchers have documented multiple health impacts on people who live in close proximity to oil and gas operations around the country. Nonetheless, Colorado state health officials still insist there is insufficient evidence to link exposures from neighborhood drilling to public health impacts in the state. Dr. Larry Wolk, the executive director and chief medical officer of the CDPHE (who is also a COGCC commissioner), recently told The Colorado Independent, “We don’t see anything to be concerned with at this point in time.” Broomfield (population 65,065) is almost equidistant from where the Broncos play in Denver (15 miles) and the Colorado Buffaloes play in Boulder (10 miles). It has easy access to the Boulder-Denver turnpike, is about a 40-minute drive to DIA, and is home to consultants, professionals and business people who moved to this Front Range playground so they can ski on the weekends, send their kids to good schools and enjoy open spaces and views of the Continental Divide from their bedroom windows. A Google-Earth-eye view of the Wildgrass development shows it as part of the swelling Denver metropolitan organism, with contiguous communities like Broomfield, Westminster, and Northglenn filling the remaining open spaces with tract homes and national chain strip malls. Broomfield itself has grown by almost 60 percent since the 2000 Census – three times the statewide average. Entering Wildgrass a visitor drives past laser-carved sandstone that marks the neighborhood as distinct from the nearby laser-carved enclave, Silverleaf. Two-bedroom townhouses in the housing tract sell from the low $400s. Five-bedroom, 5,000-square-foot homes fetch $1 million. You pass the Holy Family High School, owned and operated by the Archdiocese of Denver (more on that later), which many Wildgrass children attend. On an early fall afternoon, Latino gardeners with leaf blowers patrol the yards, delivery vans unload new refrigerators and residents walk Labradors on leashes. It’s an unlikely spot for yet another new battlefront in the state’s fracking wars. After Extraction’s sign-in-15-days-or-else letter circulated, a few upset residents wanted to know if they were alone in their outrage. They decided to take Wildgrass’s temperature, which is harder than you might think in a typical American exurban enclave, where people drive their Lexuses and Audis (and Priuses and Leafs) into garages adjacent to their homes, and rarely socialize as a community. One resident, Bill Young, is an IT consultant who created an informational website about the drilling proposal, then conducted an online poll. About 300 of the 510 homeowners responded, he said, with 75 percent opposed to any oil and gas development and ready to fight. Among the remaining 25 percent, most said they felt like the deck was so stacked against them that resistance would be futile ­– and expensive. A handful of residents happily signed on to Extraction’s plans. Ryan Nygard, who moved here from Canada two years ago and who’s been working in the oil and gas industry for 12 years, said that many of his neighbors’ concerns about health and safety are overblown. “I have no problem with it,” he said, adding that he doesn’t dispute that a majority of his neighbors oppose Extraction’s plans. Nygard said that there’s a bit of a hypocrisy factor at play here as well, since most Wildgrass residents take hot showers and heat their homes using natural gas and drive their cars to the mountains to ski. Nygard also believes that there is more support for his position than has been expressed publicly – what he called the “Trump factor.” Nygard said he signed the proffered lease with Extraction – after he made sure it wasn’t a hoax. A few Wildgrass residents hoped they’d receive six-figure annual payouts for agreeing to let their land be drilled. Yet those expectations are far out of line with Young’s estimates, based on information provided by Extraction, which put royalties for an average Wildgrass homeowner with a quarter-acre lot at about $3,000 over the first four years and maybe $100 a year after that. That’s hardly Beverly Hillbillies money. Among those who became part of the de facto organizing committee against Extraction’s proposed development are Linda and Bernie McKibben. The couple moved to Wildgrass from Phoenix about 10 years ago with their two children. Bernie is an electrical engineer who’s worked in the mobile phone sector, and Linda is a 30-year veteran nurse who’s worked in many different healthcare settings, from cardiac care to home health. Neither self-identifies as environmental activists, and they are dumbfounded by the energy industry’s television ads that paint outraged suburbanites as “fracktivists.” Linda notes that Wildgrass’s own covenants, codes and restrictions include a host of limitations of what residents can do with their property, from where they can park to what color they can paint their mailboxes. “There are all kinds of restrictions on what you can do here,” she said, “apparently unless oil and gas companies want to do it.” The community sought legal advice. They couldn’t find a lawyer to take the case at first, either because the lawyers they consulted worked with oil and gas companies, or because even sympathetic lawyers said the law allowed forced pooling of non-consenting mineral owners, no matter how crazy it sounded to some Wildgrass residents. They hired attorney Matthew Sura to give them a Forced Pooling 101 tutorial. He wasn’t optimistic, either. According to the documents Extraction had filed, the company wanted to drill up to 42 wells on the Lowell Pad that was north of Wildgrass but not technically on neighborhood property. The area to be horizontally drilled will also head towards the Anthem development to the north (where homebuyer James Sines had declined to buy), as well as land owned by the City of Broomfield and the Archdiocese of Denver to the south. Extraction had gained the surface rights to drill from four spots along the Northwest Parkway corridor; the closest is a half a mile from Wildgrass but other locations will be less than 600 feet from the nearest Anthem house, across the highway. In its application to the COGCC for the Wildgrass development, Extraction listed ten pages of “unleased mineral owners.” Extraction had already received provisional support from elected officials in Broomfield, which is both a city and a county, even though its citizens had narrowly voted to institute a five-year fracking ban in 2014 that was annulled by the state Supreme Court in May.   The upshot, attorney Sura told Wildgrass residents, was that “there was no statutory way to fight this,” and suggested using lease negotiations to limit the impacts on the community. Wildgrass residents said they needed some time to digest all of this and organize. They successfully lobbied the Broomfield City Council to support their request to postpone a “spacing hearing,” a process that helps determine how many wells can be drilled in a specific parcel of land, which was originally scheduled for Aug. 29. The COGCC agreed, and the hearing was rescheduled for Dec. 12. On Monday Nov. 28, the hearing was rescheduled again, for Jan. 30, 2017. If the spacing is approved, as expected, a forced pooling application will likely follow. In a phone interview, Broomfield Mayor Randy Ahrens, who describes himself as “an oil and gas guy” from his years as an engineer in the industry, said he is “appalled” by Extraction’s plans on several counts. First, Broomfield purchased the mineral rights near its reservoir from Noble Energy years ago because “we didn’t want to worry about oil wells” close to a water source. “We didn’t buy them so somebody else could force pool them,” Ahrens said. Second, in Extraction’s initial negotiations with the city, the company offered to consolidate several dozen well pads down to four, with a total of 40-50 wells. Now it appears that Extraction is planning up to 140 wells. “I’m appalled at the size of the operation,” said Ahrens, which would create a “major industrial site” that doesn’t fit with the nearby residential neighborhoods, including Wildgrass and Anthem. Ahrens said he doesn’t hold out hope that the COGCC will intervene, since “they’re going to rubber stamp anything.” Broomfield is exploring its options, Ahrens said.   Current Extraction Oil well in the open space west of Wildgrass. Extraction says they will close this well. Making a PowerPoint When Extraction executives heard that Wildgrass residents were going to speak with attorney Sura in July,  they tried to invite themselves to the meeting. Instead, residents agreed to arrange a separate meeting with Extraction representatives. By the time Extraction presented to the Wildgrass residents at the Broomfield Rec Center on July 25, many residents were still seething over the strong-arm tactics of the initial High West letter. Others were frustrated that they had to deal with this at all and wished Extraction would just go away. About 80 residents milled about before the meeting, sampling pastries and coffee provided by Extraction. Casually dressed (pressed khakis and white shirts, no ties) men from Extraction stood around posters with maps of Wildgrass and the proposed drilling sites, answering questions. The 7 p.m. start time came and went, and the crowd grew restless as the main presenter, Boyd McMaster, fiddled with a recalcitrant PowerPoint presentation. About 45 minutes into the scheduled two-hour presentation, the presentation sprung to the screen. This was not a good sign to many of the attendees, who texted incredulous remarks to each other. “This is the company we’re supposed to trust with drilling under our bedrooms?” wondered IT consultant Young. McMaster affably laid out Extraction’s plans to the skeptical audience, promising a question-and-answer session at the end. He said that many of Extraction’s employees lived in the area, and he understood there were concerns. “We’re not in the middle of the prairie here,” he said. “We’re in the middle of your community.” McMaster said that he and his team would always be available to answer questions, and shared contact information with the crowd. He described how they would use horizontal drilling methods to minimize the number of well pads. They would cap several older wells scattered around the county. They would build tall sound walls during construction and would follow the letter of the law. “Colorado has the strictest regulations of this industry than any place in the world,” he said, parroting the industry’s stay-on-message message. If the industry has been fracking this way for 60 years, then the Dodgers are still playing in Brooklyn. Then he took on the “F-word,” fracking, by calling it “hydraulic stimulation,” and said that the industry has being doing it for 60 years. This implies that nothing is different between the way companies drilled when Dwight D. Eisenhower was president and the recent technology revolution that allows companies to unlock mile-deep “tight-sands” reservoirs of hydrocarbons using millions of gallons of water mixed with chemicals and biocides. If the industry has been fracking this way for 60 years, then the Dodgers are still playing in Brooklyn. New technology has driven an unprecedented oil and gas boom (and bust) over the past decade – in Colorado and around the world. The boom slowed after a precipitous drop in oil prices (oil plummeted from more than $100 a barrel in April 2015 to less than $30 a barrel early this year before rebounding to around $50 recently), but has not halted companies like Extraction from preparing for a further price rebound­. On Tuesday, Oct. 11, Extraction Oil & Gas held an initial public offering of 33.3 million shares of its stock on Wall Street. The estimated value of the company exceeded $3 billion. In the taxonomy of oil and gas companies, mid-sized operators like Extraction fill a niche that investors might characterize as bold, but others call inherently antagonistic. “They take toxic assets that other people have walked away from and develop them,” said an independent operator who says Extraction is being overly aggressive in residential communities. The operator declined to be named because he works with one of Extraction’s shareholders. When it became clear that Extraction’s presentation was going to continue until the attendees’ babysitters would expect to be relieved, one resident asked about the promised question-and-answer portion of the show. McMaster started riffing through FAQ questions he had written down before the meeting. When a resident insisted that Extraction take questions from the live audience, McMaster did. One resident wondered where Extraction would get the water to do the fracking and where the produced water would go, referring to the byproduct of fracking that includes millions of gallons of hydrocarbon- and chemical-laced water that needs disposal. Would Extraction pipe it or truck it to injection wells? Where were those? Weren’t injection wells the cause of earthquakes, like what was happening in Oklahoma? The vague answers McMasters gave were disconcerting. The produced water, he said, would be taken to an injection well in Weld County, at least 12 miles away. That didn’t help much, said Sally Kaplan, a Wildgrass owner who attended the meeting. “They didn’t tell us where they were going to get the water from, or where the wastewater was going to be stored.” Just because it wasn’t going to be dumped in their backyard, Kaplan said, “doesn’t mean we don’t care about it.” Others wanted to know about the project’s timing. Although it only takes a few weeks to drill each well, McMaster told them, there would be quite a number of wells drilled from the pads, and construction would probably take about two years. That only made some residents even more nervous about their home prices and peace of mind. On a table along with Extraction’s brochures was a letter addressed to the Broomfield City Council and signed by six “concerned realtors.” The letter stated that the proposed oil and gas operations “will have a profound impact on the surrounding property values and the quality of life for Broomfield residents.” The Extraction meeting didn’t allay many Wildgrass residents’ concerns about safety, nuisance, stress, health complaints, air quality issues, impacts to water quality and availability and effects on their children and property values. “We were supposed to say, ‘We’re the one percent, we love hydraulic stimulation and we love America,’” said one homeowner, who declined to be named because of the sensitive nature of their job. “That’s not gonna happen.” It didn’t take long after the July meeting for residents to take McMaster up on his offer to answer their questions. At least five residents said they never received replies. “Nothing but radio silence,” Uhlhorn said. View from the Lowell Pad, looking NE across Anthem, where Extraction Oil & Gas plans a 42-well site, between Wildgrass and Anthem developments. The drill pad would reach under Anthem and it’s open space. Moving to “Doomfield” At Wildgrass, resistance to forced pooling doesn’t seem to follow partisan lines. Unlike Boulder County, the enduringly liberal Democratic enclave to the west, Broomfield has more unaffiliated voters (16,250) than registered Democrats (13,020) or Republicans (12,550). Issues like local control, property rights and government bullying resonate pretty strongly among Republicans, and issues like environmental protection and climate change are trademark Democratic issues. Wildgrass residents fanned out to gather information, employing an array of tripartisan expertise from lawyers, accountants, financial analysts, healthcare professionals, engineers and others among them. Many are reluctant conscripts, like IT security consultant Young, who has lived in Wildgrass since 2010. “It took it landing in my backyard for me to get involved,” he said. However grudgingly, Young joined the fray and started researching. He noted that in the Extraction presentation, “there was not a single slide about surface spills.” So he conducted his own search and discovered seven reported surface leaks in Broomfield in the past five years from other operators. Perhaps even more disturbing for Young, the city of Broomfield’s Public Health and Environment Division had documented that last year, 22 out of the 38 active oil and gas sites in Broomfield had leaked. Neither the COGCC nor the Colorado Department of Public Health and Environment had detected the leaks. Extraction, Young discovered from COGCC documents, had 17 documented spills and releases around the state (this did not include two recent spills in November), several of them due to “human error.” He also learned from  the COGCC website that there had been 66 complaints filed against Extraction for everything from noise and odor to increased traffic from trucks carrying equipment to and from drill sites. Other residents started digging into water issues. Hydraulic fracturing requires large amounts of water, and also “produces” water that comes up co-mingled with the mile-deep oil and gas. One new well pad would be located between an existing reservoir and a planned reservoir, meant for recreation as well as for city drinking water storage. Wildgrass residents reached out to the Archdiocese of Denver, which owns land and mineral rights adjacent to Wildgrass under Holy Family High School. Since Pope Francis expressed concern about climate change and environmental stewardship in his Encyclical in May 2015, Wildgrass residents thought there might be some opening to find an ally in the Church. Initial outreach to the Archdiocese was met with a cool response, so Wildgrass residents printed up a flier with the headline in red, bold caps: FRACKING UNDER HOLY FAMILY SCHOOL and distributed it to parents. Wildgrass resident Jean Lim, a professor at the Jesuit-run Regis University, says that the impacts on her family worry her, but that there are also larger issues to consider. “The Pope’s Encyclical was a strong statement of environmental concerns on a global scale,” Lim said. “It should have the serious attention of all Catholics.” Lim said she has contacted the Archdiocese, and expressed an interest in arranging a meeting to discuss ways to work together to “secure health and safety protections for its high school students and the Catholic residents of Wildgrass.” Lim has not received a reply. A Denver Archdiocese spokeswoman, Karna Swanson, declined to comment on how or whether the Holy Father’s Laudato Si’ would be taken into consideration as part of the Archdiocese’s decision about whether to accept or oppose Extraction’s leasing offer. “We were approached by Extraction Oil & Gas to lease our mineral rights,” Swanson confirmed. “We at this point are not doing anything. We haven’t responded.” If our country’s energy independence and state economy relies on drilling in neighborhoods like Wildgrass, “We are way on the wrong track.” Linda McKibben, a registered nurse, started investigating health impacts and found an alphabet soup of federal and state agencies and universities that have published data about the negative health impacts of oil and gas development, including NIH, CDC, EPA, OSHA, NIOSH, CDPHE, CU, CSU, Cornell, Duke and many others. “There is a lot of literature suggesting there are legitimate health concerns for workers and communities near these developments,” she concluded. “It defies understanding,” she said, how state regulators could agree to let residents act as guinea pigs while epidemiological evidence accumulates around the country. Bernie McKibben started looking further into the COGCC’s role in overseeing oil and gas operations in the state. At first, he had believed Gov. John Hickenlooper’s assurances about the state’s ever-tightening regulations and inspections. He had taken heart from the COGCC’s legal mandate to, “foster the responsible, balanced development, production, and utilization of the natural resources of oil and gas in the State of Colorado in a manner consistent with protection of public health, safety, and welfare, including protection of the environment and wildlife resources.” But then Bernie started understanding just how little the industry was regulated, how rarely inspectors made visits, and how haphazardly companies monitored their own sites. He got a hold of the “Field Inspection Unit Well Inspection Prioritization” document from the COGCC, which he said floored him on multiple fronts. The document prioritizes a “risk-based strategy for inspecting oil and gas locations,” categorizing operations by risk factor and giving each a rating according to its level of importance. He discovered that “Population Density & Urbanization” only accounted for 10 percent of the weighted assessment. He found the fine print was even more appalling: The highest density the COGCC considered was in places where there were 25 people per square mile or more. This means that a semi-rural area like Clear Creek County is treated the same as Broomfield County, the second-most densely populated county in the state, with more than 1,700 people per square mile. “Looks to me like people in subdivisions like Wildgrass aren’t very high on their priority list,” he said. Another front on the Wildgrass fracking wars opened up with lawyers who lived in the neighborhood and who started scrutinizing the fine print regarding liability. They found that residents who signed the leases could be held responsible for Extraction’s legal costs and other financial consequences if there was an accident.  “We would be accountable for their errors?” asked Bernie, incredulously. Residents sought allies in the other Broomfield neighborhoods. The nearby Anthem subdivision had generated its share of concerned citizens, since Extraction was heading their way as well. Some Anthem residents owned their minerals, but many did not. At a Broomfield City Council meeting on Nov. 15, about 40 Anthem residents showed up to urge the mayor and council to protect them. The scale of Extraction’s plans, which had ballooned to 140 wells, was unprecedented, former oil and gas worker Lara Hill-Pavlik told the commissioners. “I am unaware of a single project of this magnitude which has been implemented in such close proximity to schools and residents,” she said. “And I lived in Houston.” “I told my husband, ‘We’ve moved to Doomfield.’” After the meeting, Anthem resident Michael Kohut said, “We’d like to set a different precedent: saying no to drilling in residential neighborhoods.” Patricia Romero-Trustle, who told council members that she recently moved from Los Angeles for a better quality of life, stood in the municipal building lobby after the meeting completely disillusioned. “I told my husband, ‘We’ve moved to Doomfield,’” she said. Broomfield City Councilman Kevin Kreeger heard the Anthem residents’ presentation, and is outraged at the whole concept of forced pooling – as well as the way Extraction has played its pooling card. “Forced pooling is big government and big business at their absolute worst,” Kreeger said, since it grants the state government the right to take one person’s property and give it to a company, even when “there is no social benefit of any kind.” He said that “Extraction has not operated with integrity or respect for our community,” and is disturbed that the company keeps increasing the number of wells it intends to drill. Originally, the plan was to drill 24 new wells after plugging and abandoning 26 old ones, Kreeger said. Now, Extraction has applied to drill almost six times that many, all of them near homes and schools. “That many wells means 24-hour drilling for years,” he said. Wildgrass residents gathered in one of their community playgrounds to show their resistance to the planned forced pooling action by Extraction Oil & Gas. NIMBY and beyond Wildgrass organizers heard a long list of reasons why residents and neighbors opposed Extraction’s plans. They ranged from NIMBYism to health impacts to an awakening that there’s a much bigger issue at play here, including the climate impacts of continuing to go full-speed ahead with fossil fuel development — even when there’s a gas glut and overwhelming evidence that human-caused climate change is already affecting Colorado in multiple ways. If our country’s energy independence and state economy rely on drilling in neighborhoods like Wildgrass, the engineer Uhlhorn said, “We are way on the wrong track.” Not all Wildgrass residents are convinced they can beat Extraction or want to fight the COGCC. Even those who do not support Extraction’s efforts worry that community members are spending time and treasure on a losing battle. Peter Pacek, a healthcare executive and nine-year resident of Wildgrass, said he’s concerned that there is “very little that an average citizen can do to hold them back because of the way the laws are written.” Still, Pacek said, he didn’t sign a lease, either. Residents will soon hear what the COGCC has to say about the next step, when the Extraction faces a usually pro forma “spacing hearing” now scheduled for Jan. 30, 2017. For the time being, the discerning homebuyer James Sines said this week, he’s pulled his house from the market, waiting for the next shoe to drop. Despite the COGCC’s long record of accommodating the industry, Wildgrass residents now know they are not alone: Their Anthem neighbors, as well as people in Greeley, Boulder, Ft. Collins, El Paso County, Battlement Mesa, Pueblo, Thornton, Longmont, Lafayette, Westminster and dozens of other communities around the state are all struggling to keep this rising residential hydrocarbon tide from swamping their neighborhoods. “We know that if we’re going to have any hope, we have to act as a group,” said Bernie McKibben. The group is likely to grow. When several Wildgrass residents met with COGCC Director Lepore recently, they asked him where they could move in Colorado to avoid having to fight oil and gas development. His reply: “Summit County” — a place so mountainous, it would be nearly impossible to drill.   Cover image: Homes in Wildgrass as seen from open space to the west.  All photos by Ted Wood/The Story Group CDPHE Cogcc forced pooling fracking Oil And Gas Wildgrass Like this story? Steal it! Feel free to republish it in part or in full, just please give credit to The Colorado Independent and add a link to the original. Got a tip? Story pitch? Send us an e-mail. Follow The Colorado Independent on Twitter. Like this article? Share it! Twitter Facebook Google Reddit Tumblr Email More StumbleUpon LinkedIn Pinterest Pocket Print About the Author Daniel Glick and Ted Wood - The Story Group The Story Group is a multimedia independent journalism organization. Check it out at the story group. Related Posts Q&A: Why the Colorado health department says fracking’s risk to health is “low” Broomfield votes down fracking moratorium, praises driller Colorado Senate to consider harsher penalties for oil and gas tampering Lafayette’s Climate Change Bill of Rights: A small town grapples with a big idea 2 Comments Charles on December 2, 2016 at 8:21 pm said: Holy Crap! I am going to have to find the time to protect our community. I live in Broomfield and drive through Anthem and neighboring communities at least once a week. Soon property rights will have no meaning. This is like living in an HOA. Cindy Lurie on March 3, 2017 at 5:18 pm said: I have lived in Colorado for most of my life and have loved and protected her beauty and natural resources as if they were my own heart and soul (because they are!) Having outsiders come in with such power and force to rape and pillage her for their own profit rocks me to the core. I am heartbroken and terrified. Leave a Response Cancel Reply Your email address will not be published. Comment You may use these HTML tags and attributes: <a href="" title=""> <abbr title=""> <acronym title=""> <b> <blockquote cite=""> <cite> <code> <del datetime=""> <em> <i> <q cite=""> <s> <strike> <strong> Name* Email* Website Notify me of new posts by email. "Small Media, Big News" - Founded, 2006. Born again, 2013. Search Keefe DONATE What people are reading Colorado congressman: “Rogue” ICE agent drove Denver immigrant into sanctuary Littwin: The bad news for Cory Gardner is that the Trump questions will get only harder US Supreme Court to Colorado think tank: Disclose your donors or don’t run these ads Gardner finally has a town hall, but you had to bring your own phone If the Congressman won’t come to you, go to the Congressman. Or not. KGNU Community Radio Hear headlines from The Indy every Monday, Wednesday and Friday at 2:55 pm Keep in touch Just In Q&A: Why the Colorado health department says fracking’s risk to health is “low” Across party lines, Western governors see a partner in Pruitt The Home Front: Rooftop gardens, SWAT teams and civil disobedience Wiretap: How is Trump handling all the latest bad news? He’s mad — raging, steaming mad ‘Several’ terminally ill Coloradans have chosen to end their lives under CO’s new medical aid-in-dying law Colorado congressman: “Rogue” ICE agent drove Denver immigrant into sanctuary Why a Colorado newspaper chose to name a minor who committed suicide Transgender Coloradans hope third time’s the charm for change in birth certificate law Littwin: The bad news for Cory Gardner is that the Trump questions will get only harder Dan McMinimee out as Jeffco superintendent The Home Front: A rough day for law enforcement on the newspaper front pages in Colorado Sen. Rhonda Fields on news of possible retrial of son’s killer: “It just shakes my soul.” Why Trump’s water order heartens ranchers and worries conservationists Wiretap: The new attorney general did meet with Russians; he just didn’t bother to reveal it The Home Front: In Colorado, a juror in a decade-old death penalty trial is on the run Gardner finally has a town hall, but you had to bring your own phone Trump calls education ‘the civil rights issue of our time’ — and asks for a school choice bill If the Congressman won’t come to you, go to the Congressman. Or not. Littwin: Trump plays a grown-up; enemies of the people swoon Broomfield votes down fracking moratorium, praises driller scroll Read More EVENTS Indy reporter Marianne Goodland talks statehouse politics on KMGH Indy reporter Marianne Goodland joined KMGH anchor Anne Trujillo on Sunday, Feb. 19 to talk about the latest news from the Colorado General Assembly. Goodland and […] Read More Indy reporter Marianne Goodland talks statehouse politics on KMGH TWITTER Tweets by @COindependent THE BLOGS The Home Front: A rough day for law enforcement on the newspaper front pages in Colorado A Loveland police sergeant charged with assault. A state investigation into a sheriff’s detective in Fremont. A probe into the Denver police department’s number two […] Read More FACEBOOK Our Mission To serve the needs of readers and communities throughout Colorado according to this simple, meaningful idea: The only bias we have is for good journalism. We take the role of journalism as a public trust seriously. The goal is to make impact, to inspire action by moving readers on important issues with stories that provide missing context, unearth buried facts and amplify unheard voices. Categories Civil Rights Criminal Justice Education Environment/Energy Health Politics Information About us Donate Contact Us Privacy Policy Board of Directors Home The Mix In-Depth Littwin Keefe Events The Beats Donate Mailing list Photo Credit: Denver Public Library; Western History Collection; L C. McClure; MCC-1824; Site Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 11590 32 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Doctors try to balance care, federal demands Still, they can't control what their patients eat and whether they exercise or take meds. Post to Facebook Doctors try to balance care, federal demands Still, they can't control what their patients eat and whether they exercise or take meds.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2lIjrgy {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 13 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs This story is part of the series the future of healthcare Hospitals increasingly try to keep patients away Hospitals target social needs to boost health Obamacare proposals, politics create uncertainty Doctors try to balance care, federal demands Jayne O'Donnell , USA TODAY Published 4:48 p.m. ET March 3, 2017 | Updated 12 hours ago Tim Layman visits his doctor, Mark Miller, in Fayetteville, Ark. (Photo: Mark Miller) 11590 CONNECTTWEET 32 LINKEDIN 13 COMMENTEMAILMORE Tim Layman has high blood pressure but stopped taking medication for it more than two years ago because "it's not really for me." "I believe there is a God that supersedes that natural order," says the Rogers, Ark., pastor. "I’ve been made this way, and I’m not concerned about it." His doctor is. Mark Miller is worried about his friend and patient's health, but he's also concerned about his bottom line. Soon it will take a hit if the health of patients such as Layman does. While Washington determines the fate of the Affordable Care Act, a less well-known rule overhauls how doctors get paid and the kind of health care they deliver. The new rule, finalized last fall, replaced a much-criticized formula that put doctors at risk of annual double-digit pay cuts with one that links their payments to the quality of their service. Still, it's hardly perfect. "I can make all the recommendations, but If the patient doesn’t comply, I may not meet the goals," Miller says. Miller supports the rule, which was  part of the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act (MACRA), and is part of an effort to improve the quality of care and reporting in his area. He just finds some patients harder to treat than others, even in his relatively healthy area of Fayetteville near the Walmart headquarters. He and a colleague  discussed the challenges of one such Medicare patient before a recent interview. "The downfall of quality reporting is that some patients, because of diet and lifestyle, are going to have more heart attacks," Miller says. "That makes me look worse than the quality of care I’m really trying to deliver to the patient." At 55, Layman isn't on Medicare but gained insurance when Arkansas expanded Medicaid under the Affordable Care Act.  He's emblematic of the challenges Miller faces. Layman has decided to ignore low-fat eating: "Gravy and bacon are back on the menu for me." "The only concern I have about food is that at 255 pounds, I’m not trying to get any bigger," says Layman, who is 6 feet tall. "I try to moderate how much I intake, but what I intake is of no consequence to me." Since the ACA's passage in 2010, the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services has tried to accelerate the move away from paying doctors and hospitals for the quantity of services to focus more on the actual results. The new rule consolidated several "merit-based" incentive systems into one that reduces the possible penalties doctors face while making them eligible for potentially larger bonuses. Read more:  Obamacare repeal threatens public health funding to states Business, community groups boost health partnerships Obamacare's Medical History The vast majority of doctors aren't even sure what the new payment system requires of them, says Tom Giannulli, a doctor who is chief medical information officer of the physician software company Kareo. Miller, one of Kareo's clients, is an exception. "A lot of them are not clear on why (regulators) are doing it," says Giannulli.  "It's for everyone’s benefit and so we can finance Medicare in the future." MACRA  is “a really significant signal to the market...that healthcare is fundamentally shifting," says Jack Stockert, a physician who heads business development for the health care technology company Health2047. The American Medical Association was one of the initial investors in Health2047, which is helping doctors prepare for health care delivery at the century's midpoint. Doctors, says Stockert, "have always held themselves accountable to delivering the best health outcomes." But the proof in whether they were succeeding was typically anecdotal. “There is no data on what’s working and what’s not, which is a result of isolated data, messy data, and incomplete data," he says. "This helps move the market in that direction." 'Norman Rockwell painting' James Walker has practiced family medicine in Washington state and rural Oregon since he graduated from medical school in 1980. It's been a bumpy road for a once-solo practitioner, in no small part because of Washington, D.C. Walker sold his practice to a hospital in 2010 when it became "totally infeasible from a financial standpoint" to remain independent. That hospital will soon spend about $11 million for the technology needed to meet federal requirements for data and electronic records. Walker's daughter, Emily Stockert, is an anesthesiologist at Stanford Medical Center, and Jack Stockert, his son in law, works to make the shift to high-tech health easier for other doctors. While he was training to be a doctor, Stockert found it wasn't like the "Norman Rockwell painting" he expected and that he saw in his father in law's enjoyment of the doctor-patient relationship. "We should all want that In our medicine, in our doctors, in our patient experience," he says. He hopes helping doctors overcome health IT challenges will make health care more rewarding. Physician Jack Stockert, left, and his wife, Emily Stockert, go to her 2015 University of Chicago medical school graduation with their daughter, Juniper, and Emily's father, James Walker, a family practice doctor.  (Photo: Jack Stockert) "MACRA causes a shift and drives innovation to begin to show more clearly what is effective," Stockert says. "And by paying for better outcomes, the legislation ensures that decisions that deliver healthier people are rewarded appropriately." Walker, his father in law, says he would have liked to have seen "a good data test" before the new quality reporting rule "was foisted on the public." "In 20 years, will there be fewer diabetic foot amputations for all the effort expended?" he asks. "Sometimes the outcomes don't pan out." Miller, who is on the board of a clinical network of hospitals and doctors offices in his area, tries to stay ahead of quality reporting. He just hired a "care navigator" at his TruHealth Family Care because he sees "the writing on the wall."  He expects her to "pay for her salary" many times over, given the effect her work will have on his Medicare payments. "I’m actually pretty excited about it," Miller says of payment changes.  "I'm embracing it because I know it’s the future." 11590 CONNECTTWEET 32 LINKEDIN 13 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2lIjrgy This story is part of the series the future of healthcare Hospitals increasingly try to keep patients away Hospitals target social needs to boost health Obamacare proposals, politics create uncertainty
Discover: Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends The New Consumer Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe Advertise About Us Buy SN Research Contact Digital Edition Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Staples to take over as SpartanNash CEO Mar 06, 2017 Kroger’s ID sales fall in Q4, ending 13-year streak Mar 02, 2017 Publix comps up 2.2% in Q4 Mar 01, 2017 Dollar Tree beats estimates on margin expansion Mar 01, 2017 Muted outlook for Kroger in Q4 Feb 27, 2017 Featured Gallery: Uncle Giuseppe’s highlights fresh Mar 03, 2017 How to entice Millennial meat eaters Mar 03, 2017 Hy-Vee transitions to fair trade tuna Mar 02, 2017 Viewpoint: Top 5 grocery trends for 2017 Mar 02, 2017 10 Items or Less brought to you by Top Retailers>Kroger A stumble at the fork in the road As Kroger’s streak ends, so too does an era Jon Springer | Mar 03, 2017 This post is part of the 10 Items or Less blog. Joe DiMaggio went hitless this week.  Were it any other retailer in America, a modest dip in quarterly same-store sales would hardly merit further examination but then again Kroger isn’t any other retailer. As we reported, the fourth quarter decline of 0.7% marked the first time in 52 quarters — 13 years — the Cincinnati retailer failed to grow non-fuel IDs in a quarter. Doubtlessly, Kroger’s streak will be as safe a record as DiMaggio’s 56-game hitting streak in the 1941 baseball season. DiMaggio blamed his streak-ending 0-for-3 in part on rain-soaked basepaths in Cleveland that cost him two close plays at first. Kroger’s fourth-quarter track was slowed by the muck of food deflation. But there’s also some evidence out there that what was an end of a streak for Kroger also coincides with an end of an era for food retail. Quite simply there are more retailers and more formats out there with the ability to execute than there used to be, and some of them suddenly are taking Kroger’s share. Kroger CEO Rodney McMullen acknowledged a change was in the offing late last year, telling investors at the retailer’s annual investor conference it had come to a “fork in the road” where it needed to re-examine competitive battle plans, although I should note he framed this as an opportunity for growth, and not as a threat to dominance. “Ten years ago, when we talked about competition, most of the conversation was around one competitor,” McMullen said, referring to Wal-Mart Stores, a company that Kroger managed to render into something of an ally for much of the last 13 years. Today, Kroger sees itself playing not just against Walmart or other supermarkets, but within a vast universe of restaurants, Internet retailers, hard discounters, convenience stores — the $1.5 trillion total food business. McMullen this week marveled at what he saw was the customer’s willingness to dine at a Kroger store. “We believe that that will be an opportunity to grow the business and create a new leg, a platform for growth,” he said. As for DiMaggio, he went out the next day in Cleveland and had two hits, starting a 16-game hitting streak. Walmart is no longer Kroger's only nemesis, officials say. Discounters Go Hollywood This month officially marks the first anniversary of the discount invasion of Southern California. Aldi last March barreled into the market with designs on 45 stores in its first year, although its website shows 34 presently. At the same time, Grocery Outlet moved South from its base in Emeryville, Calif. and today operates 20 stores in Los Angeles, Orange County and the Inland Empire. Market-share analysis indicates there’s still plenty of room for the discount channel to expand in the Western states, with the greatest population per 1,000 square feet of discount space in the country, a recent Barclays study said. For the West to reach the same level of discount penetration elsewhere in the country, capacity could increase by three times. And if capacity could reach the same level currently faced in the Midwest, discounters could grow by seven times. Moreover, Grocery Outlet pointed out, there’s a need for more affordable food there. The company is celebrating its anniversary with a charity food drive, which it said could help address and call attention to the 5.4 million Californians facing food insecurity. "This first year in Southern California has been marked by success and there is no better way to commemorate it than by helping families who struggle to access food on a daily basis," Brian Tademy, senior director of field marketing for Grocery Outlet, said in a statement. 0 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Sponsored Content The Next Wave of Private LabelFeb 22, 2017 Checking Out AutismFeb 08, 2017 The 2017 Top 75 — Sales OverviewJan 20, 2017 2016 SN Top 75 U.S. and Canadian Food Retailers and WholesalersJan 14, 2017 Load More Next Article Previous Article About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
null
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Live TV Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Paul Poplis/Getty Images Mrs. Fields Wouldn't Bite When a Rival Offered $50 Million in 2015 by Jef Feeley More stories by Jef Feeley and Craig Giammona @SitkaWriter More stories by Craig Giammona March 3, 2017, 1:31 PM EST March 3, 2017, 4:09 PM EST Interbake Foods sought to acquire retail sales, gifting units Offers made public in lawsuit over licensing-pact dispute Mrs. Fields Brands Inc. rejected a $50 million offer by rival Interbake Foods LLC to buy the cookie maker’s retail unit and some other business lines in 2015, a lawyer told a court Friday. Interbake, which makes Girl Scout cookies and store-brand treats for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and other retailers, originally offered $36 million in 2014 for the unit that sells Mrs. Fields cookies at grocery and convenience stores and upped its offer to $50 million a year later, Bijan Amini, a lawyer for Mrs. Fields, said Friday in a court hearing. Despite some recent struggles, Mrs. Fields may still be worth $50 million to a large food company because of its strong brand, said Darren Tristano, president of Chicago-based Technomic Inc., an industry research and consulting firm. "Knowing what we know, that number is reasonable," Tristano said in an interview Friday. Richmond, Virginia-based Interbake’s buyout offers were made public Thursday during arguments in a lawsuit filed by Mrs. Fields that claims its rival sabotaged a retail-licensing agreement between the two bakers after Interbake’s bids were rejected. Mrs. Fields, based in Bloomfield, Colorado, wants Delaware Chancery Court Judge Andre Bouchard to award as much as $28 million in damages for Interbake’s move to pull out of a five-year agreement to handle retail sales of cookies and brownies. ‘Cannibalize the Business’ Interbake should be punished for working to “wrongfully dismantle and cannibalize the business once it could not purchase it,” Mrs. Fields’ lawyers said in court filings. They also said in the filings the $50 million offer was for the company’s “branded retail and gifting business.” Geoff Wilson, a spokesman for Interbake’s parent George Weston Ltd., didn’t respond to calls seeking comment on the offers. Tom Ragones, a spokesman for Mrs. Fields parent Famous Brands International, declined in an e-mail to comment on them. While Mrs. Fields has name recognition, the brand wasn’t among the top 20 U.S. cookies during the past 12 months ending in September 2016, according to data from consumer research firm IRI. Global-snack giant Mondelez International Inc.’s Oreos and Chips Ahoy are the largest cookie brands in the $8 billion market. In the lawsuit, Mrs. Fields officials claim Interbake executives failed to live up to promises to hit retail-sales targets and of conspiring to steal its recipes and customers after its buyout offers were rejected. Its partner also shared Mrs. Fields’ confidential pricing and marketing information with Back to Nature Foods, a cookie maker owned by Mondelez and private-equity firm Brynwood Partners, according to court filings. Mrs. Fields accuses Interbake of plotting to replace its retail offerings with Back to Nature’s treats. “They were supposed to be marketing us and they gave our marketing information to a competitor,” Amini told the judge. Interbake countered in court filings that it walked away from the licensing agreement in April 2016 after discovering Mrs. Fields had misled it about retail-sales figures and failed to properly promote the brand. Interbake only shared “publicly available” marketing and pricing data with Back to Nature and never offered any of its partners’ recipes to the rival baker, Damon Leichty, one of Interbake’s lawyers, told Bouchard. The case is The Mrs. Fields Brands v. Interbake Foods LLC, CA12201, Delaware Chancery Court (Wilmington). Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Russian Hackers Said to Seek Hush Money From Liberal Groups Trump's Wiretap Tweets Raise Risk of Impeachment TSA Warns Local Police About Its New Airport Pat-Downs Trump Issues Revised Travel Ban to Address Legal Challenges Mercedes Is Making the World’s Most Expensive SUV Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Fitness Food Health Love Beauty Workout Finder Culture News Subscribe Subscribe Get 6 issues for just $5 Subscribe Subscribe Newsletter Wellness, Meet Inbox Sign up Now Subscribe Subscribe Culture|March 3, 2017| By  Sophie Hirsh 4 Badass Women in STEM Are Replacing the Brawny Man This Month The commemorative rolls are on sale all month at Walmart. Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Share via Pinterest Courtesy Brawny Even though we totally have a crush on the Brawny Man who usually graces our paper-towel rolls, we have an even bigger crush on the badass women taking his place this month. The paper-towel company announced that in recognition of Women's History Month, Walmart stores will be selling Brawny towels with limited-edition commemorative packaging featuring a woman in place of the classic Brawny Man. Additionally, four different women who have made strides in a STEM (science, technology, engineering, and mathematics) field are each appearing as the subject of her own individual minute-long film on Brawny's website. Brawny is calling the initiative #StrengthHasNoGender. The four women featured are: Vernice Armour—the first African-American female combat pilot in the U.S. and first African-American female pilot in the U.S. Marine Corps. Dr. Anna Kornbrot—the first woman to graduate from Columbia College. She is an oral surgeon and clinical assistant professor of OMFS at Penn Dental School. Patty Lopez, Ph.D.—a platform applications engineer at Intel who has released more than 50 products across five business lines. She holds seven imaging patents. Brittany Wenger—a first-place recipient at the 2012 Google Science Fair. She developed the app Cloud4Cancer, a breast-cancer-diagnosis test. There is also a fifth short film called Breaking Barriers, which honors the accomplishments of legendary women including Harriet Tubman, Amelia Earhart, and Serena Williams. Share via Pinterest "There are women and girls everywhere who exhibit strength and resilience in their lives, and that's the inspiration behind the Brawny #StrengthHasNoGender campaign," Frances Morgan, senior brand manager at Georgia-Pacific (the company that owns Brawny), said in a statement shared with SELF. "STEM is among many areas of society that are underrepresented by females, and we felt this would be a powerful platform to address this issue. Our partnership with Girls Inc. will help promote girls' interest in these fields and empower them to break gender stereotypes." In addition to honoring Armour, Kornbrot, Lopez, and Wenger with the short films, Brawny has partnered with Girls Inc., an organization that "inspires all girls to be strong, smart, and bold through direct service and advocacy." Brawny is donating $75,000 to the group, which will use it for developing "girls' enthusiasm for STEM as part of its Operation SMART programming. As a national sponsor of the program, the maker of Brawny is helping fund STEM education opportunities for more than 46,000 girls across 76 Girls Inc. affiliates," reads Brawny's press release. We're gonna need some paper towels to help clean up all the glass that's falling from the ceiling. Related: Women of Color Share Details of Discrimination on the Job Are You a Woman in the U.S.? The 4 Stats You Need to Know Now From the "No Ceilings" Report SELF-Made Women Who Inspire: Kimber Lockhart Watch: The Next Challenge for Women In STEM Is Here Share via facebook dialog Share via Twitter Share via Pinterest Keywords snd, women, stem, news Trending 1 Fitness 21 Of The Best Abs Exercises You Can Do Without Equipment 2 Beauty See The Best iHeartRadio Music Awards Red-Carpet Outfits 3 Sex Love The Best Sex Position For Your Zodiac Sign Wellness, Meet Inbox Sign up for our Newsletter and join us on the path to wellness. Sign up Now Subscribe to SELF Magazine Subscribe to SELF Get 6 issues for just $5 subscribe now Subscribe Subscription ServicesCareersCondé Nast StoreSite MapAbout SelfContact the EditorsAccessibility HelpNewsletter Sign UpRSS Feeds Our SitesAllureArchitectural DigestArs TechnicaBackchannelBon AppétitBridesCondé Nast TravelerEpicuriousGlamourGolf DigestGolf WorldGQGQ StylePitchforkSelfStyleTeen VogueThe New YorkerThe SceneVanity FairVogueWWired Cond\é Nast © 2017 Condé Nast. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our  User Agreement (effective 1/2/2016) and  Privacy Policy  (effective 1/2/2016). SELF may earn a portion of sales from products that are purchased through our site as part of our Affiliate Partnerships with retailers.  Your California Privacy Rights . The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with prior written permission of Condé Nast.
null
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 63° 63° Low 60° High 69° Wed 41° 68° Thu 38° 71° Fri 51° 67° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Huntsville Police: All suspects caught in Feb. 12 shooting in Wal-Mart parking lot Posted 2:30 pm, March 3, 2017, by Claire Aiello Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Huntsville Police investigate a shooting at Wal-Mart on Sparkman Drive on Feb. 12. × Huntsville Police: All suspects caught in Feb. 12 shooting in Wal-Mart parking lot Huntsville Police investigate a shooting at Wal-Mart on Sparkman Drive on Feb. 12. HUNTSVILLE, Ala. – Huntsville Police say they have arrested all three suspects in a February 12 shooting that happened in the Wal-Mart parking lot on Sparkman Drive. Police say the victim was in the suspects’ car making a gun transaction.  When he tried to get out of the car, he was shot several times. Investigators say three people are charged: Kendrick Patterson, 19, Dylan Potter, 19 and Christopher Pressnell, 17. All three are charged with attempted murder. The victim was seriously injured but is expected to survive. Filed in: Huntsville Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular Woman wants to find boy who left $5 and sad apology note on her door Decatur teen killed in motorcycle wreck Saturday morning Owners of drive-in opt not to air Beauty and the Beast because of homosexual character Latest News Spoof Facebook page claims Drive-in theater reverses decision on showing “Beauty and the Beast” Mayor Tommy Battle gets involved after school board contention “Chasing the Dragon,” new FBI/DEA film to fight opioid abuse UAH considering changes to on-campus parking News Huntsville Police need help locating shooting suspects News Police investigate shooting at Sparkman Walmart Huntsville Suspect in Boswell Drive shooting arrested News Madison Police identify victim of Sonic Drive-In shooting as James Clemens HS senior Huntsville Huntsville Police upgrade assault charges to murder stemming from October shooting Huntsville How you can be charged with murder in Alabama without committing it Madison Madison police search for robbery suspect; considered armed and dangerous Athens Shooting suspect turns himself in to Athens police Huntsville UPDATE: Four men charged with murder, victim’s name released after shooting on Broadmeadow Lane News The Latest: Suspect dies, 2 officers wounded in shooting Huntsville Police searching for shooter in southwest Huntsville, one victim in critical condition Madison This Morning Madison Police search for man involved in overnight shooting Decatur Police: Priceville shooting victim is homeowner’s relative Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2017, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Web Hosting Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Haven't got a Nintendo Switch? Don't worry, more are coming Unlike the NES Classic, which was out of stock for months, Nintendo's newest console should be easy to come by, company execs say. Video Games by Alfred Ng March 3, 2017 11:52 AM PST @alfredwkng Mario and Nintendo's vice president of sales, Doug Bowser, in Manhattan on Friday at the Nintendo Switch launch event. Alfred Ng/CNET The first person in line for the midnight release of the Nintendo Switch had been there four long weeks. YouTuber CaptainNintendoDude waited the 28 days since Feb. 3 at the Nintendo Store in Manhattan, until at last he could count down to the clock striking midnight, like it was New Year's Eve for Nintendo's newest console. It was an extreme measure, but he was willing to endure it in order to guarantee a Switch. Nintendo executives said Friday, as sales of the Switch began, that you won't have to work nearly that hard to buy yours. All across the country, the hype had been building for the Switch, with preorders quickly selling out at major retailers like Amazon, Walmart and GameStop. This time around, Nintendo took precautions to make sure it wouldn't have a situation like the NES Classic on its hands. The NES Classic, a nostalgic remake, has been sold out for months because of heavy demand and supply shortages. The Nintendo Wii also faced supply problems more than a year after its release. With that track record and the sold-out preorders for the Switch, many people worried they would have to wait for the new console if they didn't get it at launch. Not this time, says Doug Bowser, Nintendo's vice president of sales. The company is boosting its production and expects a steady flow of Switches heading to stores for several months, according to Bowser. If you miss out on a Switch on the launch date, he said, rest assured that more are on the way. For Friday's Switch launch, Nintendo shipped out 2 million units worldwide, anticipating the high demand. There's no exact number on how many more Switches Nintendo will be dispersing, but Bowser said that constant production means people should be able to get their hands on the console. "They're going to be available through March, and we're also increasing production," said Marc Franklin, Nintendo's public relations director. It's still too early say how many Nintendo Switches have been sold since it launched at midnight. But Bowser expects fans to continue buying the console as Nintendo rolls out games like Splatoon 2, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and ARMS. So far, Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild has been one of the most popular launch titles, and for good reason. CNET sister site GameSpot gave the title a perfect 10, calling it a "breathtaking masterpiece." Nintendo decided to space out its heavy hitters, with Breath of the Wild as its haymaker for the launch. Instead of herding a pack of strong titles right out of the gate, Nintendo is going for a steady pace of releases throughout the year. That means for launch, players will have to play the Zelda title and 1-2 Switch while they wait for more games. For Nicole Perez, a mother of two, that's not an issue at all. She's excited for Super Mario Odyssey, but the 1-2 Switch has been her favorite so far. She was playing it Friday morning with her 9-year-old daughter and 14-year-old son at Nintendo's New York City event. "I like doing the dance with my daughter, I also like the safe crack," Perez said. "I'm more old-school, so I'm more into Mario, but I know my son loves Legend of Zelda." Batteries Not Included: The CNET team reminds us why tech is cool. CNET Magazine: Check out a sample of the stories in CNET's newsstand edition. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Video Games Nintendo CNET Review Nintendo Switch This clever hybrid console delivers on its promise of being a home-and-away gaming machine, but its serious lack of games will have everyone but Zelda fanatics holding off for now. $439.46 See it More stories Halo 5 Guardians headlines new Xbox subscription service Google Play store update to help you find gaming's hidden gems Twitch will let you buy games directly from streams Mass Effect Andromeda: This ain't your daddy's space opera Close   Discuss: Haven't got a Nintendo Switch? Don't worry,... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: IBM quantum computers will unleash weird science on business Google Home spouts crazy talk with fake news in answers The smart speaker is criticized for spreading conspiracy theories about President Obama and other untrue statements as part of its spoken search results. by Bridget Carey 2:10 Leaked footage of the Galaxy S8, Nintendo says dead pixels are normal In today's tech news a footage leaks of the Samsung Galaxy S8, Reddit users complain about dead pixels on the Nintendo Switch and Elon Musk might be boring in LA. by Jonathan Garnham 1:22 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Networking Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Phones Printers Software Smart Home Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Car Reviews Best Cars New Cars Used Cars Games Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español Haven't got a Nintendo Switch? Don't worry, more are coming Unlike the NES Classic, which was out of stock for months, Nintendo's newest console should be easy to come by, company execs say. Video Games by Alfred Ng 3 March 2017 7:52 pm GMT @alfredwkng Mario and Nintendo's vice president of sales, Doug Bowser, in Manhattan on Friday at the Nintendo Switch launch event. Alfred Ng/CNET The first person in line for the midnight release of the Nintendo Switch had been there four long weeks. YouTuber CaptainNintendoDude waited the 28 days since Feb. 3 at the Nintendo Store in Manhattan, until at last he could count down to the clock striking midnight, like it was New Year's Eve for Nintendo's newest console. It was an extreme measure, but he was willing to endure it in order to guarantee a Switch. Nintendo executives said Friday, as sales of the Switch began, that you won't have to work nearly that hard to buy yours. All across the country, the hype had been building for the Switch, with preorders quickly selling out at major retailers like Amazon, Walmart and GameStop. This time around, Nintendo took precautions to make sure it wouldn't have a situation like the NES Classic on its hands. The NES Classic, a nostalgic remake, has been sold out for months because of heavy demand and supply shortages. The Nintendo Wii also faced supply problems more than a year after its release. With that track record and the sold-out preorders for the Switch, many people worried they would have to wait for the new console if they didn't get it at launch. Not this time, says Doug Bowser, Nintendo's vice president of sales. The company is boosting its production and expects a steady flow of Switches heading to stores for several months, according to Bowser. If you miss out on a Switch on the launch date, he said, rest assured that more are on the way. For Friday's Switch launch, Nintendo shipped out 2 million units worldwide, anticipating the high demand. There's no exact number on how many more Switches Nintendo will be dispersing, but Bowser said that constant production means people should be able to get their hands on the console. "They're going to be available through March, and we're also increasing production," said Marc Franklin, Nintendo's public relations director. It's still too early say how many Nintendo Switches have been sold since it launched at midnight. But Bowser expects fans to continue buying the console as Nintendo rolls out games like Splatoon 2, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe and ARMS. So far, Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild has been one of the most popular launch titles, and for good reason. CNET sister site GameSpot gave the title a perfect 10, calling it a "breathtaking masterpiece." Nintendo decided to space out its heavy hitters, with Breath of the Wild as its haymaker for the launch. Instead of herding a pack of strong titles right out of the gate, Nintendo is going for a steady pace of releases throughout the year. That means for launch, players will have to play the Zelda title and 1-2 Switch while they wait for more games. For Nicole Perez, a mother of two, that's not an issue at all. She's excited for Super Mario Odyssey, but the 1-2 Switch has been her favorite so far. She was playing it Friday morning with her 9-year-old daughter and 14-year-old son at Nintendo's New York City event. "I like doing the dance with my daughter, I also like the safe crack," Perez said. "I'm more old-school, so I'm more into Mario, but I know my son loves Legend of Zelda." Batteries Not Included: The CNET team reminds us why tech is cool. CNET Magazine: Check out a sample of the stories in CNET's newsstand edition. Share your voice 0 comments Tags Video Games Nintendo CNET Review Nintendo Switch This clever hybrid console delivers on its promise of being a home-and-away gaming machine, but its serious lack of games will have everyone but Zelda fanatics holding off for now. £342.95 See it More stories Halo 5 Guardians headlines new Xbox subscription service Google Play store update to help you find gaming's hidden gems Twitch will let you buy games directly from streams Mass Effect Andromeda: This ain't your daddy's space opera Close   Discuss: Haven't got a Nintendo Switch? Don't worry,... Conversation powered by Livefyre Up Next: IBM quantum computers will unleash weird science on business Google Home spouts crazy talk with fake news in answers The smart speaker is criticized for spreading conspiracy theories about President Obama and other untrue statements as part of its spoken search results. by Bridget Carey 2:10 Leaked footage of the Galaxy S8, Nintendo says dead pixels are normal In today's tech news a footage leaks of the Samsung Galaxy S8, Reddit users complain about dead pixels on the Nintendo Switch and Elon Musk might be boring in LA. by Jonathan Garnham 1:22 Close Drag Autoplay: ON Autoplay: OFF CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
RSS   Free Trial Home   Advertise   About   Contact Subscribe   Sign In Havre Daily News - News you can use Reader Comments (0)  Print   Home Local Agendas and Notices Church Corrections Hi-Line Living News Record Senior News Obituaries Sports Opinion Column Columns Letters Calendar Classifieds Publications Farm & Ranch Publication Sports Publications Advertise Photos Directory Senior Center News, Mar. 3, 2017   March 3, 2017 North Central Senior Center March 6-10 Monday — Transportation from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.; Exercise Class Tuesday — Transportation from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.; Bingo 1:15 p.m. Wednesday — Transportation from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.; TOPS at 8 a.m.; Cards 1 p.m.; Mall or Walmart shopping 1:30 to 3:30 p.m. Thursday — Transportation from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m.; Cards 1 p.m. Friday — Medical transportation is available from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. but people must make a request at least 24 hours ahead of time. Pinochle — First place, Elva Van Dessel; second place, Jack Norman; third place, Marge Matzke; pinochle, Peter Berry Menu by Earlene DeWinter Monday — Swedish meatballs, rice, Harvard beets, fruit Tuesday — Salad, spaghetti/meat sauce, garlic bread, green beans, pineapple upside down cake Wednesday — Maple brined turkey, mashed potato/gravy, cranberries, pumpkin bars Thursday — Ham/scalloped potatoes, sunshine carrots, chocolate cake Friday — Soup, salad bar, chef’s choice, dessert, milk Center exercise class resumes Every Monday, except holidays, it’s time to exercise from 10 to 11 a.m. at the Senior Center back room. Hope to see you there. New Medicare cards are coming New Medicare cards are required to be issued to all beneficiaries by April 2019. A new Medicare Beneficiary Identifier will replace the Social Security number currently displayed on Medicare cards and will also be used for all claims processing, eligibility verification and claims status inquiries. The number will be 11 characters in length and consist of numbers and uppercase letters. While this change should reduce the risk of identity theft for Medicare beneficiaries whose cards are lost or stolen, the issuance of new cards will likely present a golden opportunity for clever scammers who take advantage of the confusion created by such a massive change. Beneficiaries and caregivers will need to be extra vigilant as the time approaches for the rollout of the new system. While Medicare’s error rate is low, they process 4.5 million claims per day. That is over 3,100 claims per minute of every day and mistakes do happen. This is why the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Services asks for your assistance. By reviewing your own claims for accuracy you can help protect your Medicare benefits. You might be interested in: Big Sandy crash fatalities identified For the Record, Mar. 1, 2017 For the Record, Mar. 2, 2017 Havre man sentenced for having meth Rocky Boy ups reward for help finding missing man   MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed Obituary: Marla Jendro For the Record, Mar. 3,... Quick Pics - Sunnyside S... Strike Gold: Ponies advance Chris Peterson #Not my time-space conti... Pam Burke MOST POPULAR: Comments Viewed No comments have been posted Reader Comments (0) Log in to add your comment     Havre Daily News | 119 2nd Street, Havre, MT 59501 Ph: (406) 265-6795 | news@havredailynews.com | www.havredailynews.com Content and information copyright 2017 Havre Daily News Powered by ROAR Online Publication Software © Copyright 2017 Lions Light Corp. — Software for newspapers & magazines Sitemap   Privacy   Terms of Use   Submit Content   Mobile Browser Rendered 03/03/2017 12:58
Our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy have changed. By continuing to use this site, you are agreeing to the new Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. U.S. + International Business Republicans' Obamacare replacement bill: The winners and losers World Access Companies Car News Interactives Trumponomics Trump Inc. CNNMoney Sport Player ROI Who is..? CNNMoney Investigates American Opportunity 5 Stunning Stats Growing India The Feed Markets Netflix, Facebook and other techs remain red hot Investing Economy Buzz Fed Focus ETF Center Premarkets Market Movers Dow 30 After-Hours World Markets America's Debt & the Economy Before the Bell New Investor Investing Guide Fear & Greed Tech From fleeing Iran to running an ed tech startup Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Powering Your World Upstarts Innovative Cities Unhackable 15 Questions Media Personal Finance This could close the gender pay gap in 27 years Save Spend Ahead Wheels Real Estate Careers Millennials & Money Your Money Homes Calculators Money Moves 24 Hours With Money Essentials My Watch List Loan Center Small Biz In Arizona, the mandated use of E-Verify has had mixed results Startups Empire Women Entrepreneurs Luxury Rolls-Royce makes a mini-Rolls for sick kids Style Away Rare Drive Wealth Rich Quiz The Collector A Gentleman's Guide Millionaire Calculator Log In Log Out The Buzz Costco is raising membership fees for first time since 2011 by Paul R. La Monica   @lamonicabuzz March 3, 2017: 9:41 AM ET 5 stunning stats about Costco Buying 60 rolls of toilet paper at Costco is about to get more expensive. The warehouse retailer is raising its annual membership fees for the first time since 2011. Costco is boosting the price of its standard Gold Star membership by $5 to $60 a year. The Executive membership, which offers additional discounts and an annual reward on purchases, will go up $10 to $120 a year. The increases take effect June 1 and will affect about 35 million members. Costco typically raises fees every few years. The company made the announcement on Thursday as it released its latest earnings, which disappointed Wall Street. Sales and profits were lower than expected. Shares of Costco (COST) fell 4% in early trading Friday. Costco is facing tough competition from Sam's Club, the warehouse company owned by Walmart (WMT), and Target (TGT). Both have lowered prices to woo more customers. Chief financial officer Richard Galanti told analysts the challenges posed by the two big-box giants is "formidable." Related: Costco is still one of America's favorite retailers Lower food commodity prices have also triggered something of a grocery store price war. That's hurt Costco as well as supermarkets Kroger (KR) and Whole Foods (WFM). Costco executives mentioned "deflation" 26 times during their conference call with analysts. They said it has hit not just food but electronics -- another key category for the company. TV prices in particular have been falling sharply. Profits from the company's gasoline sales were lower as well. Costco is also in the middle of a transition with its new credit card partners. Last year, Costco replaced American Express (AXP) as the issuer of its co-branded membership cards in favor of Citigroup (C) and Visa (V). The company said the credit card shift has boosted its profit margins. But it wasn't enough to offset lower prices for many of its products. CNNMoney (New York) First published March 3, 2017: 9:41 AM ET Social Surge - What's Trending The world will have 43% more super-rich people by 2026 GM is selling its European business in $2.3 billion deal Deutsche Bank to ask market for $8.5 billion after big losses Mortgage & Savings Powered by LendingTree Terms & Conditions apply NMLS #1136 Newsletter Sponsored by Key market news. In your inbox. Every morning. Start your day right with the latest news driving global markets, from major stock movers and key economic headlines to important events on the calendar. Daily newsletter, Sunday through Friday. Privacy Policy CNNMoney Sponsors NextAdvisor Paid Partner Transferring credit card balances to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious 7 outrageous credit cards if you have excellent credit The best credit cards for 2017 10 cards charging 0% interest until 2018 The highest paying cash back card has arrived Trulia Home Search Paid Partner Getting ready to sell? Find out what your home is worth now Chicago Real Estate San Francisco Homes for Sale Ready to trade up? Find out how much your home is worth New York Real Estate Contact Us Advertise with Us User Preferences Closed Captioning Content Business Markets Investing Economy Tech Personal Finance Small Business Luxury Media Video Tools Site Map Interactive Job Search Real Estate Search Loan Center Calculators Corrections Market Data Alerts News Alerts Connect My Account Mobile Site & Apps Facebook Twitter LinkedIn YouTube RSS Feeds Newsletters Google+ Most stock quote data provided by BATS. Market indices are shown in real time, except for the DJIA, which is delayed by two minutes. All times are ET. Disclaimer. Morningstar: © 2016 Morningstar, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Factset: FactSet Research Systems Inc. 2016. All rights reserved. Chicago Mercantile Association: Certain market data is the property of Chicago Mercantile Exchange Inc. and its licensors. All rights reserved. Dow Jones: The Dow Jones branded indices are proprietary to and are calculated, distributed and marketed by DJI Opco, a subsidiary of S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC and have been licensed for use to S&P Opco, LLC and CNN. Standard & Poor's and S&P are registered trademarks of Standard & Poor’s Financial Services LLC and Dow Jones is a registered trademark of Dow Jones Trademark Holdings LLC. All content of the Dow Jones branded indices © S&P Dow Jones Indices LLC 2016 and/or its affiliates. © 2017 Cable News Network. A Time Warner Company. All Rights Reserved. Terms under which this service is provided to you. Privacy Policy. .
Please enable javascript to view this site. HD Report | March 7, 2017 HD Channels AT&T U-verse TV Comcast XFINITY TV Charter HD Channels Cox HD Channels DIRECTV HD Channels Dish HD Channels Time Warner Cable HD Channels Verizon FiOS HD Channels Streaming Channels Fire TV Channels Apple TV Channels Chromecast Channels PS Vue Channels Roku Channels Sling TV Channels TV Providers Select a Page: Hide Navigation HD Channels AT&T U-verse TV Comcast XFINITY TV Charter HD Channels Cox HD Channels DIRECTV HD Channels Dish HD Channels Time Warner Cable HD Channels Verizon FiOS HD Channels Streaming Channels Fire TV Channels Apple TV Channels Chromecast Channels PS Vue Channels Roku Channels Sling TV Channels TV Providers App News Android iOS Windows 8 Blu-ray/Digital Blu-ray Disc Ultra HD Blu-ray Digital HD Cable/Satellite AT&T U-Verse Cablevision Charter Comcast Cox Communications DIRECTV DISH Network Google Fiber Time Warner Cable Verizon FIOS TV All Provider News Streaming Amazon Video Apple TV CBS All Access Chromecast DIRECTV NOW Fire TV Google Play HBO GO HBO NOW Hulu iTunes Netflix PlayStation Vue Roku SHOWTIME Sling TV YouTube VUDU All Streaming News Gaming Nintendo PS4 PS4 Pro Xbox One Xbox One S Tech News 4k TV Apple Hardware HDR Switch VR All Tech News TV/Movies TV News Movie News Free Previews Trailers Deals Blu-ray Deals Digital Movies & TV Tablet & Phone Deals TV & Electronics Deals Select a Page: Hide Navigation App News Android iOS Windows 8 Blu-ray/Digital Blu-ray Disc Ultra HD Blu-ray Digital HD Cable/Satellite AT&T U-Verse Cablevision Charter Comcast Cox Communications DIRECTV DISH Network Google Fiber Time Warner Cable Verizon FIOS TV All Provider News Streaming Amazon Video Apple TV CBS All Access Chromecast DIRECTV NOW Fire TV Google Play HBO GO HBO NOW Hulu iTunes Netflix PlayStation Vue Roku SHOWTIME Sling TV YouTube VUDU All Streaming News Gaming Nintendo PS4 PS4 Pro Xbox One Xbox One S Tech News 4k TV Apple Hardware HDR Switch VR All Tech News TV/Movies TV News Movie News Free Previews Trailers Deals Blu-ray Deals Digital Movies & TV Tablet & Phone Deals TV & Electronics Deals Scroll to top Top Blu-ray 3DBlu-ray DiscNews No Comments ‘Rogue One: A Star Wars Story’ Exclusive Blu-ray Editions Detailed hdreport On March 3, 2017 http://hd-report.com Rogue One: A Star Wars Story will release to disc on Tuesday, April 4th, and along with the standard Blu-ray and Blu-ray 3D editions will come several exclusive retail versions. Those partnering on the packaged media editions include Target, Best Buy, Walmart, and the Disney Store. On Blu-ray, Rogue One: A Star Wars Story is formatted in 1080p with a 24-bit DTS-HD Master Audio 7.1 soundtrack. And, along with close to a dozen bonus featurettes each edition includes a Digital HD copy to download or stream. Here’s a look at the exclusive retailer editions. Best Buy Best Buy’s exclusive edition of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story comes in a 4-disc set with copies of the film in 3D Blu-ray, Blu-ray, DVD and Digital HD. The fourth disc contains extra bonus material, and everything is packaged nicely in a special SteelBook case, with images of Shadow Troopers on the front and traditional Stormtroopers on the back. Price: $29.99 Disney Store The Disney Store is releasing a Blu-ray combo pack that includes a set of four collectible lithographs with special Disney seal stamped in gold foil. Also included is $10 off an online purchase of $40 or more made between April 4 and 16. Both offers are only good for pre-orders of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story made by April 3rd. The 3-disc edition includes Blu-ray, DVD, bonus disc, and Digital HD copies (no 3D Blu-ray). Price: $24.95 Target Star Wars heroine Jyn Erso is featured on the cover of Target’s exclusive Blu-ray edition of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story, but can be swapped out with a choice of five interchangeable covers (seen above) This impressive 5-disc set includes Blu-ray, Blu-ray 3D, DVD, and Digital HD copies, along with a Target Exclusive disc and extra bonus content disc. Exclusive content includes the featurettes “Inside the Creature Shop,” an inside look at the film’s aliens with Creative Supervisor Neal Scanlan, a digital storytelling component, and a look at the technology used to produce the film. Price: $27.99 Walmart Walmart’s exclusive edition of Rogue One: A Star Wars Story is a 3-disc edition with special packaging and two collectible Star Wars Galactic Connexions trading discs. The front package features the new Star Wars droid K-2SO, which folds out to reveal a scene from the battle at Scarif Beach. The edition includes Blu-ray, DVD, and Digital HD copies (no 3D Blu-ray copy). Price: $24.96 TagsRogue One: A Star Wars Story Previous Story Sling TV to launch NBC Regional Sports in time for MLB Season Next Story ‘Split’ Release Dates Announced for Blu-ray, DVD & Digital HD Submit a Comment Cancel reply Message* Name* Mail* Website CAPTCHA Code * Advertisement Recent News Digital HDNews Fantastic Beasts, Passengers & more digital releases this week March 6, 2017 | hdreport This Tuesday, Warner Bros.’ Oscar-winning film Fantastic Beasts and Where to Find Them (2016) will release digitally, selling for $19.99 in Digital HD from most services including Amazon, iTunes, and Google Play. Vudu is also selling a 4k UHD version of the … Read More 4k8kBlu-ray 3D Star Wars on 4K Blu-ray? Patience, Young Jedi. March 5, 2017 | Sam Jordan So you plunked down a couple of grand on a new 4K TV, you’ve got the surround sound set up, and now you’re ready to dive into the world of Ultra High Definition with Star Wars: Episode VII – The … Read More Blu-ray DiscDigital HDNews ‘Patriots Day’ Releasing to Blu-ray, 4k Blu-ray & Digital HD March 5, 2017 | contributor Lionsgate’s historical drama Patriots Day is releasing soon to Digital HD, Blu-ray, and 4k Ultra HD Blu-ray. The film will first be available in Digital HD on March 14, followed by Blu-ray, 4k Blu-ray, DVD, and On Demand on March … Read More Blu-ray DiscDVDNews ‘Split’ Release Dates Announced for Blu-ray, DVD & Digital HD March 5, 2017 | contributor Universal Pictures’ Split was on top of the box office for several weeks in a row, and soon the psychological thriller will be available in home media formats. The film will first release to Digital HD on April 4, followed by … Read More Blu-ray 3DBlu-ray DiscNews ‘Rogue One: A Star Wars Story’ Exclusive Blu-ray Editions Detailed March 3, 2017 | hdreport Rogue One: A Star Wars Story will release to disc on Tuesday, April 4th, and along with the standard Blu-ray and Blu-ray 3D editions will come several exclusive retail versions. Those partnering on the packaged media editions include Target, … Read More NewsSling TV Sling TV to launch NBC Regional Sports in time for MLB Season March 2, 2017 | Jeff Chabot Sling TV has announced they will launch NBC Regional Sports Networks in several markets before the start of the 2017 MLB season. The networks will also bring coverage of local NBA and NHL games going into the first round of … Read More Blu-ray DiscDVDNews ‘Hidden Figures’ Blu-ray, 4k Blu-ray, & Digital Release Dates March 2, 2017 | hdreport The 3-time Oscar-nominated film Hidden Figures is headed for home entertainment release. The movie will first be available in Digital HD on March 28th, followed by disc formats and On Demand two weeks later on April 11th. On Blu-ray, Hidden Figures will release to … Read More Movie NewsNewsTrailers ‘Alien: Covenant’ Official Trailer Released by 20th Century Fox March 1, 2017 | Sam Donaldson 20th Century Fox has released the first official trailer for Alien: Covenant opening to theaters on May 19, 2017. The trailer comes a week after FOX released a 5-minute prologue scene with the crew of the colonization spaceship Covenant, and a couple … Read More GamingNews Game Pass is the Best Reason to Own an Xbox February 28, 2017 | Matthew Byrd When it comes to technological advances, being first doesn’t always mean that much. Look at the Oculus Rift. That device’s Kickstarter campaign basically reinvigorated the entire idea of virtual reality gaming and created a template for how the concept … Read More Blu-ray 3DBlu-ray DiscNews ‘Rogue One: A Star Wars Story’ Blu-ray & 3D Blu-ray Release Dates February 28, 2017 | hdreport Disney’s Rogue One: A Star Wars Story was one of the biggest film releases of last year, and soon the movie will be available on disc and digital for home media viewing. The Blu-ray, 3D Blu-ray, and DVD will release on Tuesday, April … Read More Deals 4k TVDeals This Samsung 4k HDR TV is 43% Off! February 14, 2017 | DealFinder Looking for a 65-inch 4k TV that supports HDR? Amazon has got this 2016 model discounted by 43% with free shipping! Right now you can save $1,200 on the Samsung KS8000 Smart LED TV that’s selling for just $1,597! The KS8000 flat screen TV … Read More Blu-ray DiscDeals Outlander Season 2 Exclusive Collector’s Edition is only $32.99 February 6, 2017 | DealFinder If you’re a fan of Outlander there’s no reason not to grab the Season 2 Exclusive Collector’s Edition at this low price. Amazon has got the 6-disc boxed set priced at only $32.99 — a savings of 57% (or $43) off … Read More 4k TVDeals Deal Alert: 65″ LG 4k Ultra HD TV discounted to $1,097 February 1, 2017 | DealFinder Looking for a last minute deal on a new 4k TV before the Super Bowl? Right now Amazon has got the LG Electronics 65UH6150 65″ 4K Ultra HD for just $1,097 — that’s about $700 off the list price of … Read More Shop for Deals About | Contributors | Jobs | Advertising | Disclaimer | Privacy | Contact | Subscribe (RSS)
Share 11 Tweet 0 Entertainment Movies TV Music Celebrity News Famous Relationships Rumors Movie Trailers Entertainment 2017-03-06 Song Joong-ki, Song Hye-kyo, Lee Min-ho Face Threat, Lotte Website Hacked Entertainment 2017-03-05 Father John Misty ‘Bedding Taylor Swift’ Lyric, Recent SNL Performance Discussed Entertainment 2017-03-05 Watch 2017 iHeartRadio Music Awards Live Stream: Start Time, How To Watch Online Entertainment 2017-03-05 Cate Blanchett Gives Stephen Colbert Surprise Answer On Where Her Compass Lies News & Politics News Politics World Education Crime Business Green News Animal News News 2017-03-06 ISIS Dumps Thousands Of Bodies In Huge Sinkhole Near Mosul News 2017-03-05 Kellyanne Conway Interview: Her Thoughts On The Controversies Surrounding Her News 2017-03-05 Flint May Have To Wait Two Years Before Water Is Treated, According To Mayor News 2017-03-05 Uber Greyball: How Ride Service Evades Authorities By Using Secret Technology Sports Soccer Wrestling Basketball Football Sports Commentary Baseball Hockey MMA Wrestling 2017-03-06 WWE News: ‘WrestleMania’ Plans Still In Flux For HHH, Seth Rollins & Samoa Joe Wrestling 2017-03-06 Fan Backlash Against ‘Fastlane’ Results Wrestling 2017-03-06 WWE ‘Fastlane’ 2017 Results: Goldberg Vs. Kevin Owens Gets Panned By The Fans Basketball 2017-03-05 PAC-12 Conference Tournament: Game Times, Dates, And Three Bold Predictions Lifestyle LGBTQ Fashion Shopping Travel Food & Dining Parenting Religion Lifestyle 2017-03-05 Astrology 101: What It Means When Planets Go Retrograde Lifestyle 2017-03-04 WAH Jobs: Five Healthcare And Nursing Jobs You Can Do At Home Lifestyle 2017-03-04 Why Does McDonald’s Sell Shamrock Shakes And Filet-O-Fish Sandwiches? Lifestyle 2017-03-04 WAH: Can You Succeed With Work-At-Home Jobs? [Opinion] Health Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition Health 2017-03-05 Breastfeeding Pressure Killed Baby, Says Mom Health 2017-03-05 Viagra Vs. Sildenafil: The Truth About Generic Viagra, And How To Buy It Legally Health 2017-03-05 Condom Wearable: i.Con Releases ‘World’s First Smart Condom’ For $74 Health 2017-03-04 E. Coli Outbreak: I.M. Healthy SoyNut Butter May Have Sickened 12 In Five States Science & Tech Science Technology Geek Culture Gaming Space Discoveries Gadgets Gaming 2017-03-06 ‘Final Fantasy XIV’ PS3 Service Ends June 2017, How To Upgrade To PS4 For Free Gaming 2017-03-06 ‘Pokemon GO’ Update 0.57.4 Released, Promised Trading Feature May Kill The Game Gaming 2017-03-05 ‘Pokemon GO’ Update: Gym Overhauls And A Long-Overdue Legendary Event Technology 2017-03-05 White Nationalists May Be Manipulating Google’s Search Results BuzzWorthy Online Videos Odd News Social Media Human Interest Aliens & UFOs Theories BuzzWorthy 2017-03-06 Donald Trump Uses Scotch Tape To Keep The Ends Of His Necktie Together BuzzWorthy 2017-03-06 Sarah Huckabee Sanders ‘Today’ Video: Spokesperson Talks Trump, Wiretapping Buzz BuzzWorthy 2017-03-06 Marijuana Use: 3 Ways Weed Comes Out A Winner BuzzWorthy 2017-03-05 Scripps Spelling Bee: How To Lose The Contest And Not Walk Away Empty-Handed SUBSCRIBE Full RSS Feed Latest News Feed Entertainment News Feed Tech Feed World News Gaming Feed Sports Feed Funny & Strange Feed Health Feed Lifestyle Feed BuzzWorthy Feed Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss After President Trump’s Speech, More Americans Think That Trump Is Presidential News Analysis 11 0 0 March 3, 2017 After President Trump’s Speech, More Americans Think That Trump Is Presidential Lucy Santos President Trump certainly made his mark in his first presidential address informing the American people about the issues that truly matter to them such as immigration, education, crime, poverty, job creation, the economy, government spending, terrorism, homeland security and healthcare among many other important matters. As President Trump spoke with such eloquence, logic and passion, he did not attack anyone. In fact, many Americans were so impressed with this new side of Trump that they are now actually supporting him. Some reporters, such as Democratic CNN commentator Van Jones, were so inspired by his speech that they now see him as presidential. Despite the reality that Trump’s speech was great, there was still a strong division in congress. The Republicans stood up and applauded as Trump spoke, but the democrats remained seated and did not applaud. Trump hopes to unify congress and wants all the parties to work together, despite their differences, to make America great again. Even though Trump did not have political experience prior to his presidency, many Americans voted for him because he certainly had knowledge in the politics of business. After all, he is a billionaire who has created a financial empire as those Trump Towers have become a symbol of New York. [Image by Jim Lo Scalzo – Pool/Getty Images] In his address, Trump gave examples of how the economy has already improved ever since he became president. He said that the stock market gained nearly three billion dollars since the election on November 8. Another victory for Trump, as outlined in his speech is that companies such as Ford, Fiat-Chrysler, General Motors, Sprint, Softbank, Lockhead, Intel, Walmart as well as many other business will put money into creating tens of thousands of jobs for Americans. The president also helped to lower the price of the F-35 jet fighter helping to save taxpayer money. Despite Trump’s economic victories as president so far, he admits that plenty of work still needs to be done to improve the economy that he describes as the worst financial recovery in 65 years. He also said that in the last eight years the past administration has acquired more debt than in all other presidencies. As he stated during his campaign and in his presidency, President Trump wants to get Americans back to work again. The statistics that he gave in his speech about unemployment are alarming. There are 94 million Americans that are unemployed. More than 43 million Americans are on food stamps. More than 20 percent of Americans in their prime working years are not working. According to his address, President Trump believes in free trade, but he also believes in fair trade. Trump said that American companies are taxed at one of the highest rates in the world. Trump explained how unfairly other nations treat American as far as free trade is concerned. “Currently when we ship products out of America, many countries make us pay very high tariffs and taxes – – but when foreign companies ship their products into America we charge them almost nothing,” Trump said in his speech. When he met with members of the Harley-Davidson, the famous American company that makes the best motorcycles in the nation, they told Trump how hard it is for them to do businesses overseas. They said that another country taxed their motorcycles at 100 percent. As we observe towns and cities throughout the United States, we can see how our infrastructure is completely falling apart. There are potholes in some of our streets, damaged bridges, and dilapidated tunnels among many other places of the transportation system that need to be repaired. Trump said that he would fix the disintegrating infrastructure in America. He said that America spent roughly six trillion dollars in the Middle East while our infrastructure was in need of repair. Trump said that with those six trillion dollars we could have rebuilt our country twice. Trump wants to approve legislation that produces $1 trillion dollars in order to revamp our infrastructure. He plans to use both public and private funds to help reconstruct America, and he wants to hire American workers to rebuild their country. The brightest medical researchers are tirelessly working to find treatments and even possible cures for such debilitating diseases such as Parkinson’s, multiple sclerosis, muscular dystrophy and cystic fibrosis among many other diseases. Trump thinks that the tedious process of getting lifesaving drugs approved by the (FDA) Federal Drug Administration keeps too many patients away from the medical advances that could save or prolong their lives. He used the story of Megan Crowley, who was a guest at his presidential address, as an example of how a live saving drug can save a patient’s life. Trump said that Megan Crowley was diagnosed with Pompe Disease when she was just 15 months old. Even though the doctors told her dad that she would not live past the age of five, he did not give up hope. John, Megan’s dad, even created a company that developed a drug that saved Megan’s life. Today Megan is 20 years old and a sophomore at Notre Dame. Trump plans to change the FDA regulations as well as other government agencies so that drugs are approved and administered more expediently to the patients who really need them. These drugs may help to improve a patient’s quality of life and alleviate their suffering. Some of these drugs may even lead to treatments that may cure rare diseases. Widow of Fallen Navy Seal, Senior Chief William Owens and Ivanka Trump. [Image by Alex Wong/Getty Images] The highlight of Trump’s presidential speech was when he saluted Chief William Ryan Owens, who was a Navy Special Operator, who died while in a raid in Yemen last month. Carryn Owens, the widow of Chief William Ryan Owens, was truly moved as Trump saluted her husband who was a real American hero. While he praised Chief William Ryan Owens for his service to his country, you could see how much Trump loves America. Perhaps, the love for those who selflessly serve our country is more important than political experience. “The challenges we face as a nation are great. But our people are even greater. And none are greater or braver than those who fight for America in uniform,” Trump said in his speech as a moving tribute to Chief William Ryan Owens and all those who serve. After hearing and analyzing President Trump’s speech, do you think that he will make America great again? [Featured Image by Jim Lo Scalzo – Pool/Getty Images] Now Watch This: Attorney General Had Contact With Russian Ambassador Now Read This: Does New Photo Predict April The Giraffe’s Baby’s Birth? Watch Live Cam [Video] Share 11 Tweet 0 Share 0 Share 0 Pin It 0 Author Lucy Santos Tags: President Trump, Trump's Speech March 6, 2017 Shawn Mendes Got His Butt Grabbed By Katy Perry, Was It Sexist? [Video] March 4, 2017 Hayden Panettiere Reveals The Truth About Connie Britton’s ‘Nashville’ Death Comments LATEST HEADLINES Does New Photo Predict April The Giraffe’s Baby’s Birth? Watch Live Cam [Video] Big Ten Tournament 2017: Schedule, Printable Bracket & Odds To Win ‘The Last Alaskans’ Face New Obstacles And A Challenging Winter No Matter Who Wins ‘The Bachelor’ Finale 2017, This Is Nick Viall’s Last Chance Justin Bieber Celebrates Turning 23 With Kourtney Kardashian Amid Baby Rumors WWE News: ‘WrestleMania’ Plans Still In Flux For HHH, Seth Rollins & Samoa Joe Donald Trump Uses Scotch Tape To Keep The Ends Of His Necktie Together ‘General Hospital’ Spoilers: Jake’s Time With Helena Will Finally Be Explored ‘This Is Us’ Stars Ask ‘What Now?’ After Beloved Character’s Death ISIS Dumps Thousands Of Bodies In Huge Sinkhole Near Mosul Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address Or follow us online Facebook Twitter Google-plus Rss Follow Inquisitr Trending Stories Stephen King’s ‘It’: Part Two To Begin Shooting In Two Weeks 16.6k 0 0 WWE Rumors: The Undertaker To Return At ‘Fastlane’ For Roman Reigns’ Match 21.4k 0 0 Tommy Page Dead At 46: ‘Full House’ Stars React To The Death Of Former Teen Idol 10.2k 0 0 Hallyu Trio Honored, Lee Min-ho, Song Joong-ki, Song Hye-kyo Win Big 7.1k 0 0 Milo Ventimiglia Says Fans Should ‘Get A Puppy’ To Survive ‘This Is Us’ Finale 6.7k 0 0 ‘The Voice’ Ratings Drop: Is Blake Shelton & Gwen Stefani’s Flirting To Blame? 4.6k 0 0 Recent Videos News Barack And Michelle Obama Sign $65 Million Book Deal News Louis Farrakhan Criticizes President Trump Politics Donald Trump Confuses With Sweden Terror Attack Comments News ‘Blind Sheikh’, World Trade Center Attack Conspirator, Dies Entertainment Celebrity News TV Famous Relationships Movie Trailers Movies Music Online Videos Rumors Lifestyle Shopping Travel Fashion Food & Dining Geek Culture Parenting Religion Health Health Studies Medicine Nutrition News Politics Animal News Education Green News Media Industry Odd News World South America Africa Asia Australia News Canada Europe Middle East Odd News Pics Opinion Sports Baseball Basketball Boxing Football Golf Hockey MMA NASCAR Soccer Tennis Science Discoveries Space Theories Technology Automotive Green Tech Gadgets Mobile Gaming Business Social Media Start-up BuzzWorthy Info About Advertising Write for Inquisitr Privacy Policy Contact Connect Facebook Twitter Delivered To Your INBOX Never miss a story get the latest viral news to your inbox Email Address All content © 2008 - 2017 The Inquisitr News.
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 221 23 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Costco shares fall after fee hike, Wall Street miss Shares of Costco Wholesale fell Friday, the day after the popular discount warehouse club operator announced a hike in membership fees and reported earnings that missed Wall Street forecasts. Post to Facebook Costco shares fall after fee hike, Wall Street miss Shares of Costco Wholesale fell Friday, the day after the popular discount warehouse club operator announced a hike in membership fees and reported earnings that missed Wall Street forecasts.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2lHH9JI {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 18 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Costco shares fall after fee hike, Wall Street miss Kevin McCoy , USA TODAY Published 1:07 p.m. ET March 3, 2017 | Updated 4:35 p.m. ET March 3, 2017 CLOSE Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Attention Costco shoppers. You will have to start paying more to buy in bulk at your favorite warehouse club. Susana Victoria Perez (@susana_vp) has more. Buzz60 Shopper Linda Bultema leaves a Costco store in 2014 in Kalamazoo, Mich. (Photo: Mark Bugnaski, AP) 221 CONNECTTWEET 23 LINKEDIN 18 COMMENTEMAILMORE Shares of Costco Wholesale fell Friday, the day after the popular discount warehouse club operator announced a hike in membership fees and reported earnings that missed Wall Street forecasts. The Issaquah, Wash.-based company's stock (COST) closed 4.3% lower at $170.26 per share. The fee increase will take effect June 1. Costo contends with competition from other discount clubs, major supermarket chains, retailing giant Walmart and others. Annual membership fees for Costco's individual, business and business add-on members in the USA and Canada will rise $5 to $60, the company said. Executive memberships in the USA and Canada will increase from $110 to $120. The fee increases will affect roughly 35 million members of Costco, which operates 508 warehouses in the USA and Puerto Rico. 8 hidden benefits to your Costco membership Though membership remains strong, Costco CFO Richard Galanti told financial analysts during a conference call, the profit-and-loss impact of the fee hikes would register gradually over a 23-month timeline as memberships came up for renewal. Second-quarter net income totaled $515 million, or $1.17 per share, the company reported. A consensus forecast of financial analysts surveyed by S&P Capital IQ had expected income of nearly $596.7 million, or $1.36 per share. Costco's report of $29.77 billion in revenue for the three-month period fell short of the $29.90 billion forecast in the analyst survey. The company said same-store sales growth was 3%, below the 3.89% expected by the Wall Street analysts. On the positive side, Galanti said switching the company's credit card from American Express to Visa last June boosted the quarterly earnings per share by 16 cents as spending on the new cards rose. Costco partly benefited from lower fees paid to Visa. Costco absorbed a roughly $20 million pre-tax hit from foreign exchange losses involving forward contracts and U.S. dollar holdings by the company's foreign subsidiaries. The result contrasted with a $6 million positive impact for the same period last year. HHGregg closing 88 stores amid bankruptcy rumors Galanti said the company tweaked the coupon booklets sent to members and posted online by reducing the so-called multi-vendor mailings offered during the year and including fewer items per mailer. The changes involve an overall increase in total savings for members on the included items, he said. The new strategy increased overall second-quarter sales from the mailings in comparison with the same period last year, he said. Galanti disagreed when asked during the conference call if the marketing changes and membership fee hikes had been prompted by increased price competition and industry pricing battles. "I don't know where else you can get in the country a 40-pack of half-liter water bottles for $2.99 down from $3.49. And we're driving units, and we're driving a little traffic. And that's what we do, and it's not because somebody else went down to that price," Galanti said. "And I think it has a very little to do with either a different, a change in the level of competition or the fact that we're getting ready to do a fee increase. We do that, really, those somewhat independently," he said. Contributing: Associated Press Follow USA TODAY reporter Kevin McCoy on Twitter: @kmccoynyc 221 CONNECTTWEET 23 LINKEDIN 18 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2lHH9JI
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Guns and Gear Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Opinion It’s Time To End Net Neutrality Alan Daley Writer, American Consumer Institute 1:06 PM 03/03/2017      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 5513165 The change in Administration brings fresh thinking to what had become an epicenter of 1934 regulatory thought – the Federal Communications Commission (FCC). Under the prior Administration, the FCC was twice chastised by the courts for attempting to impose net neutrality on Internet Service Providers (ISPs). To avoid a third spanking by the courts, in 2015 the FCC chose to reclassify Internet service as a “telephone service” subject to the hideously complex public utility-style rules codified in 1934. That allowed the FCC to say that under net neutrality, ISPs are forbidden from offering Internet service at a priority speed, among other things. The net neutrality moniker suggests benign “equality for all” but it prevents anyone who wants a superior service from paying for it. Thus, it dissuades any provider from offering it. The new FCC leadership will consider whether mandatory equality in service has enough merit to offset the damage to consumer choice and innovation that it imposes. Have you ever experienced an unexpected halt in the screening of a Netflix program?  You quickly realize the program was taking too long to come from Netflix to your streaming display. At times, such as Saturday night, heavy demands can congest Internet, disrupting the timely delivery of programs to your streaming device. The showing is halted until enough of the program arrives in your streaming device’s buffer for the program to resume. Upgrades in Internet infrastructure could eliminate almost all program halts, but recovering the cost of the new infrastructure from the streaming content companies would violate net neutrality. When it comes to Internet infrastructure, a superior service will not be built as long as net neutrality prohibits charging for that superior service. Everyone will still have access to the basic service, but those who need and are willing to pay for a superior service are denied access to it. That is neither progress nor fair, but is precisely what net neutrality imposes on Internet service providers and businesses and consumers who want something better. Fortunately, myopic regulations like net neutrality are not imposed on highway users. Some consumers choose to drive on a toll road, and other on restricted express lanes – instead of the backroads. The toll fee lets them stay on schedule with clients, get home in time for dinner, accomplish a few more tasks each day, despite rush hour traffic. They may be charged extra, but the toll roads do not burden those who choose to use the free roads funded by taxes that all pay. Some commercial trucks pay the toll rather than sit in traffic to work their way through a tangle of traffic lights. Paying the toll gets the truck load to its destination faster and faster delivery is important to some consumers, especially for some loads such as produce and fresh meats. The post office can offer priority services. Different options and prices make sense. Amazon offers a gradation of shipping speeds – 1-day or less , 2 days, or 4-5 days. The shipping cost charged to the consumer varies with the items, the promised delivery time, and the “prime” membership status. Payment of the annual Prime subscription entitles those consumers to free priority shipping and exclusive deals on service and items. Walmart offers home-shipping delivery times similar to Amazon’s and some of Walmart’s shipping options are free when the consumer buys enough volume. The post office offers priority services. Both Amazon and Walmart customize the delivery logistics for large and small items and for fast and standard delivery commitments. Some retailers have chosen to hire “dedicated trucking” that delivers only for that retailer. Those contracts are priced differently from the “spot market” trucking prices that apply to everyone else. If retailers or truckers were oppressed by net neutrality regulations, they would be required to use one delivery standard (e.g. 3-5 day road trucks) for all delivery commitments. In other words, there would be in no fast delivery options for consumers. How would delivery neutrality of benefit consumers? The emotional appeal of “same for everyone” has millions of emotional backers, but the emotions are not supported by genuine complaints of abuses that justify net neutrality’s existence. The arguments favoring its retention are contrived, abstract and reminiscent of centrally planned economies. Real world arguments favor its removal. As we move forward into the next stage of super highspeed Internet, our regulators also should be focused on expediting the availability spectrum suited to 5G networks, not on forcing everyone to slog through life at the same speed. The new FCC needs to put “neutral” into “park” and encourage product differentiation, competition and network investment. Alan Daley writes for the American Consumer Institute, a nonprofit educational and research organization.  For more information about the Institute, visit www.TheAmericanConsumer.org. Tags: Alan Daley, Federal Communications Commission, Net Neutrality Hide Comments   Show comments Goodbye To the Daily Caller 2:54 PM 01/12/2017 Trumpian Leadership: For The First Time In A Long Time, Republicans Fall In Line 12:59 PM 01/04/2017 Once More, It’s Cool To Depict POTUS Being Killed 8:48 PM 03/06/2017 Your Next TSA Patdown Might Make You Want To Call The Cops 5:54 PM 03/06/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
KIRO Seattle LIVE http://www.kiro7.com/cmg-main-theme/css KIRO Seattle SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your kiro profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12394754 Home 12394946 Live Newscast Live Events MercerMess Doppler Radar 12394760 Weather StormTracker Doppler Radar Livestream 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Ski Report School Closings 12394790 News Local News Jesse Jones KIRO 7 Investigates National & World News Crime News Seen On KIRO 7 Seattle Anti-Freeze 39471671 KIRO 7 Apps 12395018 Jesse Jones 12394928 Contest 12394838 Traffic Traffic Cameras MercerMess.com Flow Map Accident Alerts Ferry Schedules Mountain Pass Reports 12394934 About Us KIRO 7 News Team KIRO 7 TV Schedule Jobs with KIRO 7 Summer Internship Program Contact Us Advertise With Us KIRO 7 Cares Cox Conserves Heroes Submit a news tip 12394940 Video Past Newscasts 12395024 More Gold Buying Tips 7 Things to Do this Weekend Shop Seattle Housing Sports Profiles More Where to find the hard-to-get Nintendo Switch in Seattle on its launch day Updated: Mar 3, 2017 - 10:03 AM Nintendo Switch via Nintendo Twtter If you didn’t pre-order the Nintendo Switch, it is not going to be easy to find on its launch day on Friday. The Switch is like three machines in one: Wireless controllers attach to a game tablet for handheld gaming, but you can also rest it on a table with a kickstand and detach the controller to play with friends. Additionally, it slides into a docking station for a traditional game console attached to a TV. Related Headlines Nintendo: Nintendo Switch game console to launch in March How do you pre-order the Nintendo Switch? Which games are included, when… Nintendo's NES Classic Edition almost sold out everywhere Walmart, Target, Best Buy, and GameStop will all have a limited number of Switch units available for walk-in customers to buy. So does Amazon’s brick-and-mortar store in Seattle. Amazon Games announced on Twitter that the hard-to-get Nintendo Switch will be available at its Amazon Books stores in Seattle, San Diego and Portland. KIRO 7 News gave Amazon Books in U-Village a call about its stock. The store said it cannot release its inventory numbers, but it has enough consoles to last for hours. #NintendoSwitch available TODAY at #AmazonBooks stores in Seattle, San Diego, Portland! LIMITED SUPPLY. Store hours: https://t.co/fs1gLSe6hB pic.twitter.com/Lf9DyLldFh — Amazon Video Games (@amazongames) March 3, 2017 The store has the black, gray and neon colors. Gamers can also purchase “The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild” game. Amazon followed a similar marketing strategy when the NES Classic was released last year.                  The $60 retro gaming console sold out virtually everywhere right before Christmas except for on eBay, where it was on sale for nearly three times the price.   Amazon Books sold the NES Classic in stores for one day, but a week later it also released the console on Amazon Prime. © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Where to find the hard-to-get Nintendo Switch in Seattle on its launch day State Senate votes to ban holding phones while driving No arrests yet after Sikh man shot in Kent Renton police look for man who tried to lure 15-year-old into van Both directions of I-90 at Snoqualmie Pass reopens after closure News Local News National/World News Video Traffic KIRO7 Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About KIRO 7 What's on KIRO 7 KIRO 7 FCC EEO Public File Report KIRO 7 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
Latest  Far West Chateau Sandbox 3-2-2017 South Bay Community Calendar 3-2-2017 Letters to the Editor 3-2-2017 SBBC Becker Surf contest photo gallery by Steve Gaffney The evolution of Britt’s BBQ Redondo Beach mayoral candidates offer angles on leadership Sandbox: Measure C will prevent the Redondo waterfront from turning into another Santa Monica [OPINION] Twitter Facebook RSS Home News Manhattan Beach Hermosa Beach Redondo Beach El Segundo Palos Verdes RSS Feed Redondo Beach mayoral candidates offer angles on leadership   by David Mendez Steve Aspel and Bill Brand are leading the race, aligned… Hermosa Beach police beat Burglary suspects arrested Hermosa Beach police officers arrested three people this week suspected of… Win or lose, Ungoco plans to be a fixture in Manhattan Beach politics by Ryan McDonald   In his relatively short time in Manhattan Beach, Joseph Ungoco… Sports Advertise with Us Best of the Beach Survey Business Directory Contact Us Digital Downloads Digital Magazine Flipbooks Drop Zone Easy Reader News in your Inbox Easy Reader Pick-up Locations Events Calendar Open House Directory Open Houses Facebook Comments FAQ Frank Hallstein, Sr. was long Hermosa Beach locksmith Hermosa Beach Real Estate Manhattan Beach Real Estate Obituary Announcement Form Order Cancelled Peninsula People Photo Archive Photo Contest Privacy Policy Proofed Images Real Estate Listings & Homes For Sale Redondo Beach Real Estate Search Results Shopping Cart Site Map Terms of Service Thanks Wedding Announcement Form Calendar RSS Feed Beach Cities Sports: Running, swimming, volleyball, wrestling and more Wrestling: Two Mira Costa wrestlers will be competing at the CIF State Championships Friday… Redondo Union, beaten soundly by Damien, still has hopes for state tourney by Paul Teetor There was only one good thing to say after the Redondo… Redondo swims to school’s first CIF title in girls water polo By Randy Angel The final chapter of the storybook season enjoyed by Redondo’s girls… Surfing Drop Zone El Niño 2016 Endless Session RSS Feed SBBC Becker Surf contest photo gallery by Steve Gaffney Surfers in the South Bay Boardriders Club Becker Surf contest made generally weak waves look good. Or maybe it was photographer Steve Gaffney who made the waves look good.… South Bay Boardriders Becker Surf contest in Manhattan Beach tests small wave surfing The decision to hold the SBBC Becker Surf Contest proved to be the right one, despite the small surf, which was blamed on the "Balzer Curse." Just days before the contest Balzer resigned as contest director from the club he founded in 2009. … Love Started With a Trip: A Week of Surf and Stories in Nicaragua by Morgan Sliff Love can be felt in many contexts.  Its sensations aren’t just… Dining Dining Guide Food & Drink Events alcohol craft beer Dining Farmers Market RSS Feed The evolution of Britt’s BBQ There are TV shows that involve inside looks at restaurant and hotel operations, and… Laurel Tavern keeps it simple: sandwiches, sides, and beers Twenty five years after they were invented, gastropubs are an institution rather than a… BEER BROS: Keepin’ it gangster, Rob Rubens Distillery and Brewery bottle release No secret passwords are necessary for Rob Rubens Distillery and Brewery speakeasy themed tasting… Entertainment No categories RSS Feed The Youngest Wraps Up West Coast Tour in Long Beach By Whitney Youngs “Central time will put you roughly in the right area,” explains… South Bay Contemporary heads North Beyond the Bubble Two South Bay artists set up shop on the other side… Jump on it! South Bay Film Society screens “Donald Cried” “Donald Cried” – film review by Bondo Wyszpolski Since it regularly sells out three… Opinion No categories RSS Feed Sandbox 3-2-2017 Sandbox Yes on C stops Mall by the Sea by Martin Holmes President, Rescue… Letters to the Editor 3-2-2017 H for the Homeless Dear ER: I write to ask for support for Measure… Sandbox: Measure C will prevent the Redondo waterfront from turning into another Santa Monica [OPINION] by Bill Brand Bill Brand is a Redondo Beach Councilman and candidate for mayor… Photos Video Events Open Houses Milestones Obituaries Best of the Beach 2017 Events Arts Events Chamber Events Comedy Events Farmers Market Film Events Food & Drink Events Music Sporting Events Advertisement  Added on March 3, 2017  Special Contributor  newsletter Sandbox: Yes on C stops Mall by the Sea [OPINION] Decrease Font Size Increase Font Size Text Size Print This Page Send by Email   Rescue Our Waterfront founders Martin Holmes, Nils Nehrenheim and Candace Nafissi, joined by Jim Light (center-right), announce their intention to submit an initiative to block the proposed Waterfront redevelopment project. Photo by David Mendez by Martin Holmes President, Rescue Our Waterfront The City of Redondo Beach is giving away our harbor for 99 years to build a risky, $400 million mall. If it succeeds, residents lose because traffic doubles adding 12,550 cars trips per day. If it fails, the City is stuck with a bankrupt mall to maintain. This is a lose-lose for residents. The City forfeits $3 million of annual harbor profit today for $250,000 annually from CenterCal. If the mall is successful, the City won’t make a profit for 16 to 23 years. If it is less successful, the City won’t see a profit ever.  CenterCal CEO Fred Bruning testified they have 65 Letters of Intent. Rent could increase to $10 a square foot per month. Most business pay $2 a square foot today and do not have a Letter of Intent – they may be forced to close.  Do you really think this mall will survive 99 years? If the mall succeeds, we still lose on quality of life. It doubles traffic with 12,550 additional daily car trips. The 524,000 square foot project is the size of five Walmarts (average 105,000 square feet). It builds a 700-seat movie theater, 120 room boutique hotel, over 100 stores and restaurants, and an additional 272,000 square foot parking garage. Although it doubles development, it only adds 7 percent more parking. If that’s not enough, the mall isn’t safe. The project paves over one-third of Seaside Lagoon, opening it to dangerously polluted harbor water deemed unhealthy by Heal the Bay and an independent water quality engineer. It builds a boat ramp at the most dangerous location in the harbor, a location opposed by harbor safety officials. It forces bicyclists to cross busy mall roads three times in a quarter of a mile. We can do better.  Yes on C establishes common-sense regulations to protect our quality of life and revitalize our waterfront. ·         Requires an accurate traffic analysis, preventing further gridlock ·         Protects public views ·         Prevents paving over public parkland ·         If changes are required to Seaside Lagoon, it ensures a safe replacement for our kids ·         Requires a safe, proper sized boat ramp, saving lives ·         Requires adequate parking and access for harbor recreation ·         Prohibits a giant parking garage in Ruby’s parking lot and new connector road Don’t believe $450,000 worth of CenterCal lies. Measure C won’t cost taxpayers $200 million and doesn’t require a $25 million pool. The city admitted there’s no factual basis for these fantasy costs. We don’t need a risky mall in order to upgrade our infrastructure and revitalize the pier. The two developers who competed against CenterCal both presented lower density, higher quality projects. There are many alternatives to fund balanced revitalization. A city consultant testified existing profit from the Harbor Enterprise can finance $54 million of infrastructure upgrades. The boat ramp can be funded by state grants since it meets state standards. Meanwhile commercial improvements can be funded through a public-private partnership. What’s our 2020 vision for a better Redondo waterfront? This is our only opportunity in 100 years to create the Redondo coastline we want. We should combine the pier, harbor, and power plant to develop a world-class waterfront, blending low-density commercial development with recreationally focused activities. If you spread the cost and revenue over a larger area, you can reduce density and still achieve a prosperous development. Whether we take a holistic or piecemeal approach, Measure C fosters a public-private partnership with countless options for responsible revitalization. Yes on C protects our quality of life by implementing common-sense regulations for waterfront improvements that don’t cost taxpayers anything.   Yes on C stops the Mall by the Sea!     comments so far. Comments posted to EasyReaderNews.com may be reprinted in the Easy Reader print edition, which is published each Thursday. by Special Contributor You must be logged in to post a comment Login Advertisement Advertisement Tags Art Barfly Beach Volleyball Best of the Beach Best of the Beach 2013: Dining Best of the Beach 2014 Best of the Beach 2014: Dining Best of the Beach 2015 Best of the Beach 2015 Dining best of the beach 2016 Best of the Beach: Dining Blue Zones Project Business Crime DBA Dirty Hippie Drop Zone Drop Zone LA El Segundo Endless Session feature Hermosa Beach High School Sports international surf festival Letters Letters to the Editor Manhattan Beach Movie Reviews Music Neely on Reels newsletter Notice On Local Government Palos Verdes People Public Notice Redondo Beach Restaurant Reviews running South Bay South Bronx to South Bay Theater the Nightlife Torrance Water Sports Top ↑ Sections Beach Magazine Dining Diving El Niño 2016 Endless Session Entertainment Events Legal Notices News Obituaries Opinion Paid Content Peninsula People Photos Sports Surfing Video Subscribe to our daily newsletter Daily News and Weekly Entertainment & Dining News delivered right to your inbox. We will never share your address. • Please enter your address, • Choose which newsletters you'd like to receive, • Select your preferred format, • Click Subscribe. Email Address Easy Reader Newsletters Daily News Weekly Entertainment & Dining News Preferred Format HTML Text More Search issues 1999-2009 Contact Us Pick-up Locations Advertise Homes Classifieds Legal Notices Digital Magazine Flipbooks ↑ Easy Reader News Log in - Designed by Jared Thompson  
Jump to main navigationJump to main content News Search News by eluta.ca Search Jobs at eluta.ca Jobs Login Register 18  Toronto Subscribe Help AdChoices Home News Opinion Business Investing Sports Life Arts Tech Drive Real Estate Streetwise Economy International Industry News Small Business Commentary Careers Magazine Home» Report on Business X To continue reading this article, you must be a Globe Unlimited subscriber. Don't stop here. Go unlimited. A Globe Unlimited subscription also gives you: Full access to all our award-winning news articles and exclusive features Access and availability on all devices and platforms Real-time Stock Quotes that remove the 15-minute stock price delay on all Canadian stock portals Reuters Financial News providing key insights from the world's best economies and markets newsroom Subscribe to Globe Unlimited now! Already a print newspaper subscriber? Click here to get full access to Globe Unlimited. Already a Globe Unlimited subscriber? Log in to keep reading. Keep me logged in I forgot my password No Thanks Patrik Frisk, CEO of Aldo: “The marketplace is evolving very rapidly.” Christinne Muschi for The Globe and Mail ALDO’S REBOOT Aldo is feeling the heat as rivals and e-commerce rapidly transform the global shoe industry. To fight back, the company is spending big to overhaul its sales strategy as traffic in shopping malls retreats. But the shoe market is getting crowded and competition is fierce. Marina Strauss MONTREAL The Globe and Mail Last updated: Monday, Mar. 14, 2016 7:25AM EDT Share via email Share on facebook Share on twitter Share on LinkedIn Comments It was an unprecedented day for footwear retailer Aldo Group Inc. On Dec. 10, the global shoe giant, whose Aldo and Call It Spring stores are a fixture in malls across the country, shut down its head office in Montreal for the day. Its new chief executive officer, Patrik Frisk, had called a town hall “rally” for its more than 1,000 employees at headquarters. Brandishing a relay baton, he instructed them to go back to their desks and draw up their 2016 goals for the company, in what he called GPS Day: Goal Planning Strategy Day. His own corporate goals are nothing short of transformational. With 1,655 stores in 98 countries, Aldo is feeling the effects of the changes that are rippling through the entire footwear retail sector: a drop in the number of shoppers heading to physical stores and more of them going to fast-growing, low-cost rivals as well as other fashion chains and department stores that are stocking more shoes, while e-commerce is stealing business from them all. Mr. Frisk, a veteran of the footwear and apparel wars, has drafted his own battle plan for the privately held Aldo, whose annual sales are estimated at $2-billion. And he has the backing of Aldo Bensadoun, the 76-year-old founder and executive chairman of his eponymous retailer (everyone calls him Mr. B) and son David Bensadoun, 45, who heads its big North American arm. “We needed to get on with it,” said Mr. Frisk, 53, clad in jeans, a sports jacket and a $180 pair of Aldo “Mr. B’s” oxford shoes. “The marketplace is evolving very rapidly. … I live by: ‘If you don’t grow, you die.’” As a mall-based retailer, Aldo counts on a steady flow of traffic to shopping centres to keep its business humming. But fewer people are heading to malls as more shoppers browse their computers and smartphones. The sliding traffic is stalling Aldo’s sales growth in its critical North American brick-and-mortar stores and forcing it to look elsewhere for a lift. Aldo feels the pressures in other ways. Fast-fashion players, such as Zara of Spain and H&M of Sweden, are expanding and carrying more footwear. Department stores and clothing chains are trying to draw more shoppers by bolstering their shoe departments. At the same time, e-commerce players, including shoe titan Zappos.com and its owner, the 800-pound gorilla Amazon.com Inc., are getting bigger. “It’s not easy,” said Peter Mangione, managing director of consultancy Global Footwear Partnerships in Washington, D.C., and former president of Footwear Distributors and Retailers of America. “At the moment, the real action and most of the [North American] growth has been on the Internet, not in shoe stores where Aldo operates. They can’t grow unless they take market share from others.” In Canada, where Aldo runs 331 stores (versus 469 in the U.S.), the problem is most acute in the bottom third of enclosed malls – so-called “C” malls with weak sales and traffic – where Aldo already is starting to get rent breaks and close or shrink underperforming stores, David Bensadoun said. Its stores in the top third of enclosed centres – “A” malls with more traffic and sales per square foot – are the best performers and worth investing in because they “are as important as ever,” he said. But its shops in the middle third of malls, the “B” malls, are “the question the whole retail industry is waiting to see what the answer will be.” In five years, there could be as few as 80 to 100 enclosed malls left in the country out of almost 140 today, with the remaining “C” malls featuring grocers and pharmacies and “very little fashion offering,” he said. “It’s clear there’s a major shake-up coming.” Shoes on display at the Aldo location in Toronto’s Yorkdale Shopping Centre. Darren Calabrese/for The Globe and Mail Cadillac Fairview Corp., one of the country’s largest enclosed-mall owners, shed six of its weakest centres in the past several years and now has 20 left (such as Toronto’s Eaton Centre) with Aldo an important tenant in them, said Russell Goin, Cadillac’s executive vice-president of operations. “Aldo is one of the retailers we would call out as being very savvy and seeing the trends much earlier than most people and reacting to them,” he said. “Those are tenants we want in our malls.” Mr. Frisk has mapped out a dramatic makeover for Aldo. In a cramped brick-and-mortar market, he is planning to close, shrink or relocate about a third of Aldo’s 800 North American stores while expanding online and overseas. And in an ironic twist, he is pushing to produce Aldo lines for a growing array of large retailers, the very ones that are nipping at Aldo’s heels. He’s borrowing from the playbook of VF Corp., where he was an executive for 10 years and spearheaded the revival of iconic Timberland footwear and apparel while helping bolster its North Face and Vans brands. At Aldo, he intends to use that know-how to transform its namesake, as well as its budget-priced Call It Spring, into must-have worldwide labels. Using VF as a model, he’s focusing more on wholesaling to other chains as more sales shift there, banking on bulking up on those sales even though gross margins in wholesaling can be half those in retailing. He is looking to acquire more brands or create new ones, aiming to double annual sales to $4-billion in five years or so. At a company known for long-serving head office staff, Aldo last year cut about 140 people among 1,200 at headquarters. It is hiring senior executives from key rivals such as Steven Madden Ltd. to introduce new branding and wholesaling skills. It now has openings for about 50 new positions. In the next five years, Aldo will pour more than $500-million into new systems, store renovations and staff development. It’s “premiumizing” Aldo – upgrading top stores and offerings while raising prices between 5 per cent and 10 per cent to help cover the costs, Mr. Frisk said. To further bolster the bottom line, it is scaling back the number of shoe offerings by 25 per cent – and another at least 10 per cent beyond that, he said. It will focus more on global styles and less on local ones: Seventy-five per cent of offerings will be global by next year compared with closer to 65 per cent today, he added. “It’s a complete restructure,” Mr. Frisk asserted. “It takes about three years to go through this work and there are no shortcuts.” A 2010 photo of Aldo Bensadoun, founder of Aldo. Christinne Muschi for The Globe and Mail Aldo’s evolution Aldo is no stranger to change, having adapted to new players and styles over the years even as other specialty rivals floundered. Mr. B started his shoe career in 1972 by running shoe concessions at Montreal-based fashion specialist Le Chateau Inc. By 1978, he launched his Aldo chain, generating savings by bypassing middlemen and sourcing products directly from Italian shoe makers. Today, Aldo is returning to its roots by again going directly to factories – mostly in Asia – after a period of having used more third-party go-betweens, Mr. Frisk said. “One of the things you do when you take over your own sourcing is you deal with fewer suppliers so you’re getting more power.” Over the years, Aldo stayed flexible even while a rash of footwear specialists such as Kinney Shoes faltered amid cheap Asian imports and the rise of discounters such as Payless ShoeSource Inc. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. “Aldo in many ways reflects the echo of the shoe business 30 or 40 years ago in the United States when we had chains like Kinneys and Thom McAn, which were family shoe stores like Aldo which sold only their own brand,” Global Footwear consultancy’s Mr. Mangione said. “Payless just destroyed any value merchandising they could possibly do.” Aldo was agile in operating a host of chains under various banners to cater to different tastes, changing them as new trends emerged. Over the years, it ran FeetFirst (comfort shoes), Locale (upscale offerings,) StoneRidge (hip and urban), Little Burgundy (branded products) and others. Late last year, it sold Little Burgundy to Genesco Inc. as it moved to focus on its own global brands – Aldo and Call It Spring – and drop Canada-only chains. Some industry observers suggest Aldo will look to sell its Globo chain, which also carries some non-Aldo brands and is just in Canada. “It’s something we’re evaluating,” Mr. Frisk said. By 1993, Aldo had rolled out its first U.S. stores and, two years later, its first overseas. Aldo opened an unprecedented number of new stores in North America in the four years leading up to the 2008 recession, but “in general, you could say that retail in North America has not really ever gone back to the same kind of trajectory,” Mr. Frisk said. Now Aldo is beginning to prune its physical-store portfolio in North America, although more so in Canada because it hadn’t expanded as much beyond the best malls south of the border. “What happens if the traffic goes down another 5, another 10, another 15 per cent?” he asked. “Because right now nobody can tell – it’s in flux. We need to just be ready.” Shoppers walk past the Aldo store in Toronto’s Yorkdale Shopping Centre. Darren Calabrese for The Globe and Mail Changes in the marketplace David Bensadoun, who has been with Aldo for about 20 years, started to notice shoppers scaling back their trips to North American malls a few years ago. In 2014, shopper traffic to stores fell 7 per cent from a year earlier, with “continuing softness in 2015,” said Mark Ryski, founder of retail analytics firm HeadCount in Edmonton. It tracks a sample of a broad base of retailers across Canada. Traffic to some “B” and “C” malls is down as much as 10 per cent, Mr. Bensadoun estimated. “Over three years, these are big numbers and represent a strategic challenge for us.” Mr. Frisk added: “It’s something that a lot of retailers are going through right now. … In North America, there’s probably too much retail space.” The situation is better in “A” malls. They suffered traffic declines of 0.4 and 3.2 per cent in 2013 and 2014, respectively, but recovered with a 1.7-per-cent gain in 2015 amid a weak loonie that curbed cross-border shopping, said John Plainos, president of A1 Counting Solutions. In any case, fewer browsers can still yield higher sales. Consumers research online before coming to the store and make more focused purchases, said Kevin Kearns, chief revenue officer at ShopperTrak in Chicago. “Today, shoppers make fewer store visits, but because of technology, their trips are targeted and they arrive in-store prepared to buy. … Footwear retailers need to ensure that their associates [sales staff] are highly informed in order to meet customer needs.” Michael Turner, a senior vice-president at Oxford Properties Group whose “A” malls include Toronto’s Yorkdale Shopping Centre, said Oxford wants to own malls “where the Aldos of the world” are looking to operate. “The best assets will dominate and it will come at the expense of the other ones,” he ex-plained. “For retailers, it means they will have fewer stores, smaller footprints.” As the market changes, so are the companies. Consolidation is beginning to come to the fragmented shoe industry as U.S. heavyweights such as Steven Madden Ltd., Caleres Inc. (Famous Shoes, Sam Edelman, and Dr. Scholl’s), Wolverine World Wide Inc. (Sperry, Hush Puppies) and VF pick up more labels. Even the fickle tastes of consumers are shifting. Athletic styles – dubbed athleisure – are all the rage while Aldo, much like Steven Madden, specializes in high heels and loafers rather than sneakers. Nike Inc. has become such a compelling label that even David Bensadoun was wearing a pair of its Air Force 1 running shoes the day we met. The numbers bear out the trend: Last year, athletic shoe sales jumped 9.4 per cent to $1.7-billion in Canada, according to researcher NPD Group, prompting players such as Aldo and Steven Madden to add stylish running shoes to their offerings. In contrast, overall sales gains in the North American sector are slowing. In Canada, footwear sales grew more than 4 per cent to $6.8-billion last year, but that was down from almost a 7-per-cent increase the previous year, NPD says. In the coming years until 2019, the compound annual growth rate is expected to be just 3 per cent, says researcher Euromonitor International. E-commerce sales are rising in the double-digits but make up just 9 per cent of the total footwear business, NPD says. The trends are similar in the $65.6-billion (U.S.) American shoe market, although Euromonitor forecasts even slower growth at a 2-per-cent compound annual rate over the next four years. Men’s shoe lines are another strong point, with their sales up 10 per cent to $2.8-billion (Canadian) in Canada in 2015, as men become more fashion conscious. However, women’s footwear sales, which still make up the biggest chunk of the overall business, slipped 0.9 per cent to $3.4-billion, NPD says. Canadian consumers are spending more on sneakers, forcing retailers to adapt to changing tastes. Darren Calabrese for The Globe and Mail “I just think it is a challenging overall environment,” Ed Rosenfeld, CEO of Steven Madden, said in late February after the company met only the low end of its fourth-quarter profit target and released a cautious 2016 outlook. He noted that many retailers’ holiday sales “over all were not great. A lot of folks missed their sales plan. … The good news for us is that we believe we have been an outperformer with the vast majority of our big wholesale customers.” Amid the uncertainty, footwear retailers feel the pressure to step up their e-commerce capabilities as shoppers use their stores as “showrooms” to spot a style they like and find it cheaper online. Merchants “need to be able to be nimble,” said Nate Herman, a vice-president at the American Apparel & Footwear Association. They face e-commerce rivals such as Shoes.com that are aggressively expanding. “Everyone is probably trying to find a sweet spot and trying to get that perfect balance of Web and retail presence,” said Shoes.com chief exectuive officer Roger Hardy, whose company acquired the operation from Caleres (then Brown Shoe Co.) in late 2014. Shoes.com plans to launch five brick-and-mortar stores in 2016 to spotlight key styles, he said. Staff will serve champagne to customers at special events. As well, shoe retailers are branching out into apparel because footwear purchases often are driven by consumers’ clothing choices, Mr. Herman said. And wholesalers are moving into retailing to cover all bases, he said. “Everything is blending.” But blending businesses can pinch profit margins. For example, in its fourth quarter, Steven Madden reported a 62.3-per-cent gross margin in its retail division but just 28.2 per cent in its wholesale arm, resulting in an overall 36.1-per-cent margin (although still up 1.8 percentage points from a year earlier). Department stores are stocking more footwear. Hudson’s Bay boosted its space for women’s shoes by more than 50 per cent a few years ago in its downtown Toronto flagship store. Its sister Saks Fifth Avenue store, which opened next door in February, displays 1,000 pairs of women’s shoes and keeps 15,000 pairs in its backroom. At U.S.-based Nordstrom Inc., which is expanding in Canada, 23 per cent of its overall sales are footwear. Specialty rivals aren’t standing still. U.S. discounter DSW Inc. arrived in Canada a few years ago after buying 40 per cent of Town Shoes Ltd., which also owns the no-frills Shoe Company and Shoe Warehouse. With 55 mainstream Town Shoes and about 125 discount outlets, the company is pushing even more into low-cost retailing while closing some of its Town Shoes stores, CEO Bruce Dinan said. “If the marketplace is going to slow down, we’re going to continue to try to steal market share from others.” Aldo’s Mr. Frisk: “I live by: ‘If you don’t grow, you die.’” Christinne Muschi for The Globe and Mail Aldo’s reboot A marathon runner, biker and skier, Mr. Frisk is following a similar path at Aldo that he took with Timberland. Its customer research found that rather than focus on a utilitarian outdoor shopper, Timberland could reach a wider following among consumers looking for stylish outdoor fashions. At Aldo, Mr. Frisk’s team gathered data on its key customers, whom he calls Style Seekers. They want trendy, but not necessarily cutting-edge, fashion. They buy one in six pairs of their shoes at Aldo but “we weren’t selling them enough,” he said. He aims to double that to two pairs in six. His research found that consumers expect to find Aldo products not just in its own stores but online and in other retailers where rival labels, such as Franco Sarto and Sam Edelman, are sold. Already, Aldo supplies Nordstrom, Hudson’s Bay, Zappos, Amazon and others. Early feedback is encouraging. Camille Ewing, a shoe buyer at Zappos, said the Aldo line “is one of our most competitive contemporary fashion brands.” But Aldo’s research also found that its shoppers are confused by too many shoe offerings. Mr. Frisk is moving to cut the number of products but add more men’s shoes because those sales are robust. He’s paring down the number of suppliers Aldo uses, gaining better terms and clout. And he’s embarking on a major information technology project, rolling out a SAP system. He is restructuring the company internally according to geography – North America and international – rather than type of retail (corporately owned and franchised). The North American business, which now makes up about two-thirds of overall sales, will represent just 50 per cent of sales in five years, he predicts. The international business, which is almost all franchised and makes up about one-third of sales today, will represent about half. In the process, wholesaling sales are targeted to jump to 35 per cent of overall revenue from just 15 per cent. And e-commerce, which makes up about 10 per cent of North American sales, is aimed to grow 15 per cent annually in the next five years. Sophie Grégoire-Trudeau sported an Aldo bag during this week's state visit in Washington, D.C. Jim Lo Scalzo/Getty Images In North America, even though fewer shoppers are coming to stores, Aldo is focused on getting each of them to purchase more. Mall stores’ rate of converting browsers to buyers is generally between 10 and 20 per cent and “ours was at the low end,” Mr. Bensadoun said. In a bid to clinch a sale rather than lose it to a rival, Aldo is designing its store of the future with digital screens and tablets to provide shoppers with ideas of matching up clothing with shoe styles, he said. As well, Aldo staff digitally order out-of-stock shoes for shoppers in the store. And the retailer is training sales staff to bring a second pair of shoes to shoppers when they ask to try on another pair – fetching, for instance, a best-selling flat sandal that matches the style of the pump they picked. On the international front, sales are growing fast, although 2015 was challenging in some markets, especially the Middle East, because of foreign exchange swings, the drop in oil prices and political unrest, Mr. Frisk said. The company will look at entering new markets such as Brazil and Japan. As for succession, Mr. B still comes into the office most days but David seems to be the leader-in-waiting. Douglas Bensadoun, his younger brother and chief creative officer, took a one-year sabbatical late last year and is reconsidering his career path while launching a startup, David said. Rumours of a sale of Aldo or initial public offering keep emerging. The retailer “is absolutely not for sale,” David asserted. “And we’re never going public.” Would he entertain the idea of taking the CEO job once Mr. Frisk has set down a solid foundation? “Sure, if the time is right for the business and for the family, why not?” But first he needs to learn the part from Mr. Frisk, who needs to reinvent the company for the changing times. Report Typo/Error Next story | Learn More Discover content from The Globe and Mail that you might otherwise not have come across. Here we’ll provide you with fresh suggestions where we will continue to make even better ones as we get to know you better. You can let us know if a suggestion is not to your liking by hitting the ‘’ close button to the right of the headline. {{article_sprite}} {{title}} {{published_at}} X connect with us Products The Globe and Mail Newspaper Newspaper delivered to your doorstep. Subscribe to the newspaper Globe Unlimited Digital all access pass across devices. Subscribe to Globe Unlimited Globe2Go The digital replica of our newspaper. Subscribe to Globe2Go Globe Email Newsletters Get top Globe stories sent to your inbox. Subscribe to email newsletters Globe eBooks A collection of articles by the Globe. View the library Advertise with us GlobeLink.ca Your number one partner for reaching Canada's Influential Achievers. Or go directly to: Newspaper Magazine Digital Globe Alliance: extend your reach Globe Edge: custom content Classifieds The Globe at your Workplace Globe Corporate Sales Globe Unlimited digital edition and Globe2Go e-paper group discounts available. Learn more Corporate financial data and content licensing for your organization. Learn more Or go directly to: Report On Business Top 1000 DataStore essential business intelligence Our Company About us Work at The Globe Staff The Globe and Mail Centre Secure Services Secure Drop Staff PGP Directory Customer Service Contact Us Customer Preference Center FAQs Customer Care website Digital subscription services Print subscription services Change your delivery address Vacation Stops Mobile Apps News NEWS APP Available for download on the following devices iPhone iPad Android Blackberry Other Sections Appointments Art Store Births & Announcements Corrections Classifieds Classroom Edition Deaths Newspaper Ads Real Estate Special Reports Site Map Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Disclaimer Accessibility Policy Community Guidelines Globe sustainability Editorial Code of Conduct Restrictions © Thomson Reuters 2012. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of Thomson Reuters content, including by framing or similar means, is prohibited without the prior written consent of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is not liable for any errors or delays in Thomson Reuters content, or for any actions taken in reliance on such content. ‘Thomson Reuters’ and the Thomson Reuters logo are trademarks of Thomson Reuters and its affiliated companies. Selected data supplied by Thomson Reuters.© Thomson Reuters Limited. Click for Restrictions . Copyright 2017 The Globe and Mail Inc. All Rights Reserved. 351 King Street East, Suite 1600,  Toronto,  ON  Canada  M5A 0N1 Phillip Crawley, Publisher Add to Watchlist Add to Watchlist We've run into a glitch. Please try again later. We've run into a glitch. Please try again later.
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 March 2017 by Military News 114th North American International Toy Fair Shatters Records, Unveils Ground-Breaking Toys & Connects Global Industry Players NEW YORK, March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The Toy Industry Association’s (TIA) 114th North American International Toy Fair brought 31,133 global play lovers to New York City last week to preview hundreds of thousands of ground-breaking toys and games. The largest toy marketplace ever held in the Western Hemisphere, Toy Fair 2017 boasted a record-breaking 444,309 net square feet of exhibit space – the equivalent of nearly eight football fields filled with toys. The show was held Saturday, February 18 – Tuesday, February 21 at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center. Toy Fair’s upbeat atmosphere matched a burgeoning U.S. toy market, which grew 5 percent in sales last year. Eager to see the latest trends in toys, games, and youth entertainment products, 14,176 retailers, wholesalers, entertainment executives, importers, buying groups, and trade guests from 96 countries were in attendance. The show drew notable increases in attendees from outside the U.S., including international buyers (+10.9 percent year-over-year) and trade guests (+33.1 percent), as well as foreign press (+17.2 percent). The top five countries represented at the show, not including the U.S. and Canada, were China, the United Kingdom, Hong Kong, Mexico, and Japan. Toy Fair had 1,131 toy companies of all types and sizes showcase new product lines and key drivers for holiday in front of 10,276 (+2.4 percent) mass and specialty buyers, including delegations from 4,000 unique retail outlets and 22 of the nation’s top 25 toy sellers, such as Amazon.com, American Girl, Build-A-Bear Workshop, Costco, CVS, Disney Store, Target, Toys”R”Us, and Walmart. Buyer attendance from brick-and-mortar outlets grew 9.2 percent. Licensing executives from Amazon Studios, Cartoon Network, Disney Consumer Products, HBO, Lions Gate Entertainment, Marvel, Nickelodeon, Nintendo, Sesame Workshop, SONY Pictures, Warner Bros. Consumer Products, and others were also on-site to scout new trends and forge licensing agreements with toymakers. All attendees enthusiastically explored a vast array of skill-building toys and games, ranging from cutting edge robotics, drones, and active toys, to classic playthings like dolls, plush, and board games.  “Toy Fair 2017 was a resounding success for our members’ businesses! The booths and aisles were abuzz with excitement and optimism, as the toy community continues to impress, innovate, and leverage technology, bringing new toys and games to market that enrich the lives of families everywhere,” says Steve Pasierb, president & chief executive at the Toy Industry Association. “This year’s show opened doors for American toymakers to new and emerging markets around the world, brought exciting trends and play experiences to life, and unveiled inventions from talented inventors and entrepreneurs. Toy Fair is truly THE epicenter of toys and games and a show unlike any other in the world.” “From first-time exhibitors in our new ‘Launch Pad’ section, to veteran toymakers that have been exhibiting at Toy Fair for decades, the diversity of companies represented at the show continues to draw an enormous international crowd of play professionals to New York City,” adds Marian Bossard, senior vice president of global market events at the Toy Industry Association.  “Our vast range of attendees were there to build new relationships, forge deals, and enjoy a range of practical educational sessions that provided insight into global safety standards, toy trends, licensing, specialty retail, entrepreneurship, and much more.” Toy Fair 2017 also welcomed 1,016 global print journalists, broadcast reporters, and bloggers to report on the top toy trends for 2017 – including Collectibles 2.0, Up & Active, Technology Trends, Oh So Classic!, Movie Mania, and STEAM to STREAM. Top-tier media outlets represented at Toy Fair included ABC, CBS, NBC Today Show, CNBC, CNN, Fox 5, The New York Times, The New Yorker, The Wall Street Journal, The Washington Post, Newsday, Mashable, Good Housekeeping, and The Tonight Show with Jimmy Fallon. “Toy Fair 2017 was my first trade show, and it’s going to be a tough act to follow,” says Morgan Clark, owner/creator of Butterflymachine and a first-time exhibitor at the show.  “The ‘Launch Pad’ area was blowing up – it was like we just stood there and the entire toy industry came to us!  We had the opportunity to talk with an unbelievable variety of industry professionals who were genuinely interested in our products.  And, we got answers to questions we didn’t even know to ask.  Toy Fair has been like rocket fuel for our little business.” Robert Lubeck, CEO of Brackitz, says exhibiting at Toy Fair proved to be a “great experience and success” for his company. “We’re currently in the midst of following up with hundreds of leads that we’d otherwise not have if it weren’t for the show,” says Lubeck. “This includes meetings with retailers, opinion leaders, and even the press. These face-to-face meetings are invaluable for our business and TIA was an incredible host. We look forward to participating next year.” “We look forward to New York Toy Fair every year as it offers us one of the greatest combinations of media opportunities and interested buyers,” adds Andrew Quartin, CEO of Thames & Kosmos. “Thanks to the Toy Industry Association, the 2017 Toy Fair will go down as one of the best ones ever.” Target’s senior vice president of hardlines, Scott Nygaard, says his team “always finds great products at Toy Fair, and this year was no exception.” “Items that can help inspire creativity and learning in kids had an especially strong showing,” says Nygaard. “And if we think about our guest, they continue to get excited about toys and games designed to bring families together. Collectability, especially in key licensed properties, is another trend that stood out, and one that will continue to come to life in a meaningful way this year at Target.” The global toy industry will come together once again next year at the 115th North American International Toy Fair, taking place Saturday, February 17 – Tuesday, February 20 at the Jacob K. Javits Convention Center. Save the date for TIA’s long-lead fall marketplace, Fall Toy Preview, taking place October 3-5, 2017 in Dallas, TX. About the North American International Toy Fair    www.toyfairny.com  Toy Fair is an annual event that is produced by the Toy Industry Association. The largest toy trade show in the Western Hemisphere, Toy Fair takes place each February at the Jacob K. Javits Center in New York City. The show brings together more than 1,100 exhibiting manufacturers, distributors, importers, and sales agents to showcase hundreds of thousands of toys and youth entertainment products to 30,000 retailers, wholesalers, entertainment executives, importers, buying groups, media outlets, and trade guests from nearly 100 countries.  About the Toy Industry Association     www.toyassociation.org / www.thegeniusofplay.org  Founded in 1916, the Toy Industry Association™, Inc. is the not-for-profit trade association representing all businesses involved in creating and delivering toys and youth entertainment products for kids of all ages. Over the past 100 years, TIA has led the health and growth of the toy industry, and today its 950+ members account for an estimated 90% of the annual $26 billion U.S. domestic toy market. The Association serves as the industry’s voice on the cognitive, physical, social, emotional, and creative benefits of play, and promotes play’s positive impact on childhood development to consumers and media. TIA has a long history of leadership in toy safety, having helped develop the first comprehensive toy safety standard more than 40 years ago, and remains committed to working with medical experts, government, consumers, and industry on ongoing programs to ensure safe and fun play. SOURCE Toy Industry Association CategoriesUncategorized TagsAmerican Football, Business, Companies, company, Entertainment, front, Health, Industry, Markets, mortar, Movies, Nation, Not For Profit, post, rocket, section, Space, Technology, Trade Show News, veteran, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Kaspersky Lab Retains Secure Testing Top Spot in its Annual TOP3 Metric Next PostNext Talcum Powder Lawsuit News: FDA Funds Research to Investigate Ovarian Cancer Risk from Cosmetic Talc, Bernstein Liebhard LLP Reports Search Recent Posts Auriant Mining AB (publ) announces Kara-Beldyr resources update Auriant Mining AB (publ) publicerar uppdateringar om Kara-Beldyr-fyndigheten The 2017 Digital Edge 50 Award honors Alcatel-Lucent Enterprise Connected Products and Big Data Initiative SMi release exclusive interview ahead of Paediatric Clinical Trials: Senior Statistical Scientist from Roche Limited DataBank Is Excited to Announce Their Partnership With Hyperfish Proudly powered by WordPress
Monday, March 6, 2017 Login | Register   Menu NEWS AP News International National Columns Court News Features Friday Feature Spotlight Local News News Tip Line Newsmakers Opinion Editorials Letters To The Editors Submit A Letter Police Logs Community Columns Panther Valley Jim Thorpe Northern Lehigh Palmerton-Lehighton Tamaqua Poconos CLASSIFIEDS ENTERTAINMENT Event Calendar Local Entertainment Movie Review Penn's Peak TV Listings TV News n' Views LIFESTYLE Announcements Forms Engagement Announcement Anniversary Announcement Birth Announcement Wedding Announcement Features Food Seniors Healthy Geezer Comfort and Joy Down Syndrome Draw Your Dad Draw Your Mom OBITUARIES Submit Obituary SPORTS AP Sports Blog Local Sports Columns Features Football Outdoors Racing Youth/Recreation CUSTOMER SERVICE About Us Sister Companies Advertising Advertise With Us Things to Do Around Town eProofs Advertising Rate Cards MANSImedia.com Contact Us Feedback & Suggestions Job Opportunities Privacy/User Agreement Subscribe Manage Subscription CONTESTS SPORTS PHOTOS 2 arrested trying to buy iPhones with fake cards Friday, March 3, 2017 Two people were arrested after using fake credit cards at the Verizon store in Lehighton. COPYRIGHT LARRY NEFF/SPECIAL TO THE TIMES NEWS ‹ Prev 1 of 3 Next › By Terry Ahner tahner@tnonline.com Two people face charges after they attempted to buy iPhones with fraudulent credit cards from the Verizon store in Mahoning Township. Rahsean Jackson, 30, of the Bronx, New York, and Jessica Walter, 34, of Berwick, were both taken into custody Thursday afternoon. According to the affidavit of probable cause filed by Mahoning Township Police Chief Audie Mertz, he was dispatched to the Verizon store in the Carbon Plaza parking lot at 1:31 p.m., where Verizon workers reported that a woman was attempting to buy multiple iPhones with multiple credit cards. When Mertz entered the store, employees pointed to the customer, who began to walk at a fast pace toward the exit. Mertz asked the woman to stop, but she ran across the lot and got in the driver’s seat of a Toyota Yaris with a Texas registration. She had a wallet and phone in her hand as she ran. As Mertz approached, the woman, identified as Walter, shouted to the front-seat passenger, who got out of the car. Mertz grabbed the man, identified as Jackson, and told him to stop, but he pulled away and ran from him. Mertz placed Walter in custody while she was in the car. The wallet and phone she had in her hand were thrown onto the passenger seat. Mertz detected an odor of marijuana inside the car. Mertz checked the wallet for identification, and found numerous credit cards of the same brand, in addition to a photo ID with Walter’s name on it. Mertz had the car towed to the police station for processing. Verizon employees told Mertz that Walter had made purchases of phones at other Verizon stores using fraudulent credit cards. The Lehighton Verizon store had received a picture of Walter from the Mount Pocono store. Fake cards Jackson was caught a short distance from the store by officer Amie Barclay of Mahoning Township, officer Gabe Szozda of Lehighton, and Detective Lee Marzen of Jim Thorpe, who was off duty. Jackson had a wallet and an iPhone on him when he was caught. The wallet had five counterfeit credit cards, with different account numbers stamped on them in the name Jessica Walter. The cards were checked and there were no accounts in her name. Jackson had a forged Pennsylvania driver’s license in her name with a photograph of a woman who was not Walter. The license purported to have a Berwick address with Walter’s date of birth. There were three gift cards labeled visa.gowallet.com. One of these cards was used to purchase MoneyGram orders from Walmart, the same MoneyGrams found during the search of the car. Jackson said that he met Walter online and that she picked him up at the Knights Inn. They drove around for a bit and that when he saw the police, he ran. Jackson did not say how the fake ID and five blank credit cards got into his wallet, but said that Walter must have put them in there when he was in the car. More counterfeit cards Jackson got irritated and refused to speak. A search warrant on the vehicle turned up a single packet of suspected heroin on the passenger door stamped “SKY.” An empty cigarette pack contained two additional counterfeit cards in Walter’s name and three packets of rolling papers. Jackson’s jacket on the rear passenger seat contained two MoneyGram orders in the amount of $498 each with receipts from the Lehighton Walmart at 1:25 p.m. Thursday. Documents from Virginia belonging to Jackson dated Feb. 14 were found on the front seat, as were three Visa Gift cards in a Hallmark bag. Inside Walter’s purse, Mertz found a New York state driver’s license with her picture identifying her as Aryaa Hemant Achrekar of Astoria, New York. a receipt from a Bloomsburg Verizon store dated Feb. 27, a Samsung Tablet, a grinder with suspected marijuana residue, and business cards from Verizon stores from Nazareth Highway, Easton; Shenandoah; Scranton; Pottsville; Palmer Park Mall, Easton; Secaucus, New Jersey; Mount Pocono; and Berwick, as well as a board of probation parole letter in Walter’s name. Mertz also found three counterfeit access device cards in the name of Jessica Walter. The cards were checked and they contained no accounts in the name of Jessica Walter. There was a business card for the Verizon store in East Stroudsburg, and a receipt from Subway in Secaucus, New Jersey, dated March 1. Also, two iPhones were found on the front seat of the car; Jackson identified one as his, and the other, as Walters’. A receipt from the Port Authority dated Feb. 28 was found on the floor; a Verizon receipt for Walter from the Shenandoah Verizon store dated Feb. 26; and a receipt in the glovebox dated Feb. 22 from a store in New York, New York, in Jackson’s name. Mertz then spoke with Walter, who said she obtains the cards from a man in New York who makes them, and that she has seen him use the card-making machine and knows its location. Mertz spoke with Jackson, who said he has a heroin habit, and had no knowledge of the cards in his wallet. He denied knowing how they got there, and said the three gift cards in his possession were obtained from girlfriends, and he used them to buy the MoneyGram orders to fund his drug habit. While searching the trunk, Mertz found a black purse, which Jackson said was in there when he picked the rental up, and he was going to return it but didn’t get to yet. The purse did not appear connected to the theft. Jackson faces charges on 11 counts of criminal conspiracy, identity theft; 11 counts of access device fraud; and one count each of forgery; criminal conspiracy - forgery; identity theft; criminal conspiracy - identity theft; and unlawful possession of a controlled substance. Walter faces charges on 11 counts of criminal conspiracy - identity theft; 11 counts of credit cards - access device fraud; three counts of identity theft; two counts of forgery; and one count each of criminal conspiracy - forgery; criminal conspiracy - identity theft; and possession of drug paraphernalia. They are both lodged in the Carbon County Correctional Facility in lieu of $75,000 straight bail. Login or register to post comments PrintThis ShareThis American Flags Home News Classifieds Entertainment Lifestyle Obituaries Sports Customer Service About Us Advertise Digital Guidelines Privacy Policy Photos Reproduction is prohibited without the express written consent of the Times News, LLC. © 2017
Grow Your Business - Advertise on ParamusPost.com! Login Log In to The Paramus Post - Greater Paramus News and Lifestyle Webzine Please enter your user name and password below. Login Forgot Password No Account Yet? Sign Up! Tuesday, March 07 2017 @ 04:21 AM EST Tuesday, March 07 2017 @ 04:21 AM EST HOME NEWS EVENTS FREE SUBSCRIPTION PARTICIPATE Command and Control News Release Guidlines Submit Story Add Event Letter to Editor CONTACTS Send Article or Press Release Contact Paramus Post LOGIN HOME NEWS EVENTS FREE SUBSCRIPTION PARTICIPATE Command and Control News Release Guidlines Submit Story Add Event Letter to Editor CONTACTS Send Article or Press Release Contact Paramus Post Paramus, NJ 39℉ Calling all workers and comrades! by Post Friday, March 03 2017 @ 10:54 AM EST Posted in News & Views The fight for a living wage continues and we will not stop 'til we get it! On Saturday March 4th at 1:00pm-3:00pm the 15 Now Greater Bergen Local is having their second protest at the Teterboro Walmart, located on 20 Teterboro Landing Dr, Teterboro, NJ 07608. We are gathering in front of the Texas Roadhouse and BJ's Restaurant & Brewhouse, on Industrial Ave, Teterboro, NJ. Let us take to the streets and make our voices heard, to remind the public that the minimum wage won’t change unless we get involved. If our elected officials think we are going to let them get away with this, they are wrong! We must hold them accountable for poor decision making, lack of responsibility, empathy, and accountability. Their failure to put this issue on the ballot has driven people further into poverty and put them into dire straits. This year we will be electing a new state government, we must elect representatives who have the interest of the working class first, we are the ones that shoulder the burden and keep things from collapsing, and without us they have nothing. We will not accept in any way, shape, or form loopholes or exceptions. Our demands will not sit still and we are preparing to join 15 Now NJ to make a major announcement on April 1st about new initiatives that we will take in 2017 to advocate for the people who make our society function. Debra Sousa-Oliveira Lamego from Kearny, NJ Organizer for 15NowNJ and Hudson County Green Party, speaks about life without a living wage “I have been a long-time retail worker and done many jobs in the past that paid as close to the minimum wage as they could. They expect you to work hard and to be on call. They have no regards for the employee’s personal responsibilities, health, wellbeing and family. They will squeeze the most work out of you in a short period and drive you to quit. Most employers don’t thank or recognize the hard work that their employees do for them. I am tired of living with the constant fear of becoming homeless. No one should be living with economic insecurity! We must demand a living wage, because what they are giving us are starvation wages! Enough is enough we will no longer accept what they are giving us.” We welcome everyone to join us. Remember, the people united will never be defeated! Advertisement Advertisement Share It! What's Related More by Post More from News & Views Story Options Mail Story to a Friend Subscribe to 'The Paramus Post' Calling all workers and comrades! 0 comments Login required to comment Newest First Oldest First Flat Nested No Comments Threaded Refresh Comments Newest First Oldest First Flat Nested No Comments Threaded Refresh Advertisement Top 10 Stories in 30 Days Hackensack University Medical Center Opens a Patient-Centered, State-of-the-Art Multiple Sclerosis Center Crystalline Cure’s Crystal 101 Workshop With Instructor Amanda-Rachel Joseph Simunovich Honored by the New Jersey Hospital Association as a Healthcare Leader Horizon’s New Chief Medical Officer to Focus on Empowering Patients and Engaging Physicians to Transform Healthcare THE MILLS AT JERSEY GARDENS HOSTS PRESIDENTS’ DAY SUPER SALE WEEKEND WITH “HUGE” SAVINGS FEBRUARY 17 – 20 Greater Essex and Hudson County Elementary School Students Present Disney Musicals in Schools Student Share Celebration SOHN CONFERENCE FOUNDATION GRANT SUPPORTS GROUNDBREAKING NEUROBLASTOMA CLINICAL TRIAL AT HACKENSACK UNIVERSITY MEDICAL CENTER Valley Physicians Well-Represented in “Bergen County’s Top Doctors” List Ramapo College of New Jersey Becomes Host for America’s SBDC New Jersey Bergen County’s Small Business Development Center New Jersey Entrepreneurs’ Organization (EO) Names Rutgers University Student Regional Winner in Global Student Entrepreneur Awar Advertisement Recent News Verismo Opera Announces Casting for Supernumeraries and Openings for Volunteers Paramus Chef Wins Regional Competition Bergenfield, N.J. Sailor reflects on 75th Anniversary of World War II CHEVYS FRESH MEX LAUNCHES QUESADILLA MADNESS MENU Complimentary Cardiac and Concussion Screenings hosted by JSMC and Morahan Center THE 24th ANNUAL INTERNATIONAL RESTAURANT & FOODSERVICE SHOW OF NEW YORK OPENS SUNDAY AT THE JAVITS CENTER New Jersey Entrepreneurs’ Organization (EO) Names Rutgers University Student Regional Winner in Global Student Entrepreneur Awar Newark Museum Celebrates Women's History Month College Enjoys “Vibrant” Art Scene HACKENSACKUMC FITNESS & WELLNESS POWERED BY THE GIANTS HOSTS FREE COMMUNITY HEALTH FAIR ON SATURDAY, MARCH 11 Advertisement Trinity Presbyterian Church Join the purpose driven church exercising faith, hope, and love because nothing else matters... www.TrinityFamily.org Spivak Lighting Lamp Repairs, Chandeliers, Track Lighting, Outdoor Lamps, Recess Lighting, Paddle Fans, Consultation www.spivaklighting.com StoneMicro Web Technologies Dynamic Website Development, Content Management System, Blogs, Web design, Web hosting services www.StoneMicro.com Sponsor ParamusPost Copyright © 2017 The Paramus Post - Greater Paramus News and Lifestyle Webzine AdChoices
News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV eEdition Subscribe/Members Newsletters Obituaries The Denver Post News News Latest News Colorado News Nation / World Obituaries Marijuana Education Environment Crime & Courts Colorado and Denver Weather forecasts Your Hub Sports Sports Preps Denver Broncos Preps Scoreboard Colorado Avalanche Outdoors Denver Nuggets Boxing / MMA Colorado Rockies Motorsports Colorado Rapids Golf College Sports Scores and Standings Sports Columnists Sports on TV/Radio Business Business Aerospace Airlines Economy Energy Real Estate Retail Technology Telecom Tourism Entertainment Entertainment Arcade Games Arts Books Calendar Comics Movies Music Theater Television Television Listings Travel Lifestyle Lifestyle Ask Amy Fashion Food & Drink Restaurants & Dining Fitness Home & Garden Horoscopes Summer Camp Guide Opinion Opinion Editorials Columnists Letters Perspective Cartoons Politics Politics Election Colorado Legislature Denver Politics Local Politics National Politics Cannabist Classifieds Classifieds Cars Homes Jobs DPTV Costco to raise membership fees as higher costs… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) Trending: Jail for mental-health holds Aurora child sex trafficker Ashley Mead murder case Bad Airbnb host Mother and child reunion A night of survival Business Retail Costco to raise membership fees as higher costs take toll on profit The fee increase, which takes effect June 1, will bring U.S. and Canada memberships to $60, up $5 Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Submit to Stumbleupon (Opens in new window) By Dow Jones Newswires PUBLISHED: March 3, 2017 at 9:34 am | UPDATED: March 3, 2017 at 1:13 pm Sign up for newsletters and alerts Submit your news tips or photos Most Popular Dobby the baby giraffe comes out of Denver Zoo’s giraffe house for first time Broncos seeking a difference-maker tight end, a bevy of athletic draft prospects make their case Why free-agent guard Kevin Zeitler will “break the bank,” where DeMarcus Ware may land, more Republicans in Maine, Utah want Trump to undo national monuments Fact check: Trump’s evidence for Obama wiretap claims relies on sketchy, anonymously sourced reports Colorado constituents vs. a cardboard cutout of Sen. Cory Gardner (6 letters) Costco Wholesale Corp. is raising membership fees—the retailer’s main profit driver—as profits slowed more than expected during the holiday quarter. The fee increase, which takes effect June 1 and affects about 35 million members, would bring U.S. and Canada memberships to $60, up $5. Executive memberships will increase to $120, up $10, while the reward cap will increase from $750 to $1,000. In recent months, Costco executives have said to expect a fee increase, a move it makes about every five years, last doing so in late 2011. On Thursday, Costco said sales rose 3 percent in stores open at least a year, a sign of strength for the Issaquah, Wash., warehouse chain, though lower than the 3.6 percent increase that analysts forecast. RJ Sangosti, The Denver PostCustomer shop during the opening day for the Costco Business Center in Denver, June 01, 2016. The Costco Business Center is smaller than a typical Costco and features items geared specifically toward business customers. The facility is one of only a dozen nationwide. Profit also grew less than investors expected at $1.17 a share, largely due to higher gas prices and investments on digital efforts and price cuts, company executives said during a call with investors. Gasoline accounts for around 10% of total company sales, finance chief Richard Galanti said. Shares, which set a record on Wednesday, fell 4.3 percent to $170.40 in after-hours trading Thursday. Costco has been a bright spot in a retail landscape struggling with changing consumer behavior and fierce competition, its healthy sales showing that shoppers are still willing to walk into stores that offer good deals. The second-largest U.S. retailer by revenue, behind Wal-Mart Stores Inc., and one of the largest fuel retailers in the country, Costco makes most of its money from membership fees, not sales. That steady source of revenue allows Costco to even out sales ups and downs and offer the type of discounts for which it is best known, including large-screen TVs and food in bulk. Foot traffic to stores rose 2 percent in the quarter and the average amount spent increased 1 percent. The flow of shoppers slowed slightly in the quarter because Costco has begun to offer fewer coupons, instead lowering prices consistently on more products, said Galanti. Price competition between retailers, especially for food items, has become heated. Target Corp. said earlier this week it will spend billions to lower prices and create more of an “everyday low price” image among shoppers. Kroger Co. said Thursday its same-store sales fell and that it plans further price cuts. Wal-Mart last week reported strong sales, noting that its investments to lower prices seem to be working. Costco’s efforts to reduce prices aren’t in response to competitors’ moves, said Mr. Galanti. In the latest period, membership fees rose 5.5 percent to $636 million. Overall, second-quarter profit fell 5.7 percent  to $515 million. Revenue rose to $29.77 billion, up 5.7 percent, the highest increase since November 2014 Tags:  Costco More Business News Click for Digital & Home Delivery - 50% blog comments powered by Disqus More in Retail Denver finalizes incentives deal for Target on 16th Street Mall March 06, 2017, 9:31 pm The Denver City Council on Monday approved a transfer of $4 million to pay for an incentives deal to help lure an urban Target store to the 16th Street Mall. Colorado startup wants to prevent surplus food from ending up at the dump March 06, 2017, 5:50 pm A Colorado Springs startup hopes to dramatically reduce the surplus food grocery stores, distributors and restaurants buy and then throw away. Gordmans stores is said to prepare for bankruptcy filing March 06, 2017, 5:33 pm Gordmans Stores, a Midwestern department-store chain founded more than a century ago, is preparing to file for bankruptcy, according to people familiar with the matter. Pinball gets a replay at The Flipside, a new barcade in Loveland March 06, 2017, 1:22 pm Two Windsor residents plan to open The Flipside, a barcade featuring a variety of pinball machines, in downtown Loveland this summer. Member Services News Alerts Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Subscribe Become a Member / Subscribe Place a Hold Denver Post Store Digital Replica Edition Classifieds Autos Real Estate Jobs Today’s Ads Weekly Ads Daily Ads Special Sections Contact Us Submit a News Tip Member Services Advertise With Us Careers Place an Obituary Today’s Front Page Back Issues Archives Mobile Apps Copyright © 2017 Digital First Media Privacy Policy Terms of Use Site Map Ethics Policy Powered by WordPress.com VIP Arbitration Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Local News Sports Living Classifieds Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Customer Service Customer Service Support Contact Us About Us FAQ Stay connected Facebook Google+ Instagram Twitter Social Media Directory N&O Store Buy Photos Databases Archives My Subscription N&O Plus Manage Account Rewards E-edition Newsletter Signup News in Education News All News Blogs Columnists Crime Education Health Local Nation/World Science Thumbs Up Traffic Weather Weird News Counties Durham County Johnston County Orange County Wake County Communities Cary News Chapel Hill News Clayton News Star Durham News Eastern Wake News Garner Cleveland Midtown Raleigh North Raleigh News Smithfield Herald Southwest Wake Online ArtsNow Mom2Mom Triangle.com Sports All Sports Baseball Canes College Columns & Blogs High Schools NASCAR & Auto Racing NBA NFL NHL Olympics Outdoors Panthers Soccer Schools Duke East Carolina NC State North Carolina Politics All Politics State Politics Blogs Columnists PolitiFact PolitiFact NC Rob Christensen Under the Dome Business All Business Blogs Columnists Health Care Personal Finance Real Estate Shop Talk Stocks Center Technology Living All Living Video Now Best-Kept Secrets Blogs Celebrations Comics Family Fashion Fitness Food Games and Puzzles Home and Garden Horoscopes Mouthful Past Times Pets Religion Travel Entertainment Video Now Arts News ArtsNow Books Contests Dining Entertainment Events Games Movies Music Nightlife Television On the Beat Happiness is a Warm TV Opinion All Opinion Columnists Dwane Powell Editorials Letters Opinion Shop Blog Other Views Submit a Letter Obituaries Advertise Advertise with us Place Ad Apartments Cars Homes Jobs Legals Obits/In Memoriams Weddings Shopping Local Deals Today's Daily Deal Grocery Coupons Local Ads Special Sections Today's Circulars Rewards Photo Store Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Cars Homes Legals Business March 3, 2017 8:15 AM These rattles have been making babies gag —and now they’re being recalled At least 680,000 Oball baby rattles have been recalled in the United States after some toys reportedly broke. i By Chris Cioffi ccioffi@newsobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Parents give kids rattles to keep them occupied, but a new warning advises consumers to immediately take certain rattles away from their young children. At least 680,000 Oball baby rattles have been recalled in the U.S. after some toys reportedly broke and caused young children to gag. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission announced the recall Friday, saying that the firm received 42 reports of the toy’s plastic disc breaking and releasing small beads. Two of the reports said that beads were found in children’s mouths and three said that children gagged on them, according to the commission’s release. The toys were sold for $5 to $7 between January 2016 through February 2017 at Target, Walgreens, Walmart and online retailers including Amazon, Babyhaven.com, Diapers.com, ToysRUs.com, and Walgreens.com. Recalled Oball Rattles include pink, blue, green and orange models with the number 81031 printed on the inner surface of one of the plastic discs and on the packaging, the release said. The balls are 4 inches in diameter, and have 28 finger holes. Embedded in the rattles are a clear plastic disc with all orange beads and two clear plastic discs with beads of varying colors on the perimeter. Rattles included in the recall have the date codes T0486, T1456, T2316, T2856 and T3065 located on a small triangle on the inner surface of the rattle, the release said. For more information, contact Kids II, the company that makes the Oball, at 877-243-7314 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday. Kids II can also be reached online at kidsii.com. For more information, click on “Recalls” at the bottom of the page. In addition to the 680,000 sold in the U.S., 17,000 were sold in Canada, the CPSC release said. Chris Cioffi: 919-829-4802, @ReporterCioffi Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Business Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 0:37 Video of alleged racial harassment, confrontation at Wake Forest High goes viral Pause 2:06 NC State's Abu: We see each other as family 0:11 Wake Forest High students chant "Bring Micah Back" to support suspended classmate 6:19 Roy Williams: 'A little more effort and a little more intelligence' 1:59 ACC's Swofford excited about ACC Tournament in Brooklyn, NY 1:09 68 Seconds of Dadgum Roy 1:34 NAACP rally calls on Price for town hall meeting 0:12 Top recruit Zion Williamson throws down vicious dunk 1:19 Pitmaster Ed Mitchell explains his passion for barbecue 1:17 Nathan Holden found guilty of murdering in-laws Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 5 days ago Two ways Trump proposes to change America's healthcare 2:35 5 days ago Two ways Trump proposes to change America's healthcare 1:05 5 days ago UNC Rex opens new heart center 0:52 6 days ago Pooch a little paunchy? Here's a place to help him, and you, get in shape View more video Today's Market Nasdaq Powered by Barchart Business Southern Season vendors asked to refund paid bills to bankruptcy court Facebook founder, CEO Mark Zuckerberg to speak at NC A&T Bird flu found at Tyson Foods chicken supplier Surgical robot maker TransEnterix posts small 4Q revenue GM sheds money drain, gains cash with sale of European unit Editor's Choice Videos Raleigh Top Jobs Electrical Systems Technology Instructor/Program Coordinator Principals Lynchburg City Schools View All Top Jobs Search Jobs Powered by Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Subscriber Services Customer Service E-Edition Contact Us About Us Site Map Site Information Triangle.com ArtsNow FansTailgate Mom2Mom Trianglejobs Community News Legal Notices News in Education Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Mobile Options Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Careers at the N&O Advertising Advertise With Us About Our Ads Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping N&O Store N&O Photos More Copyright Commenting Policy Report News Privacy Policy Terms of Use
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News Business CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Business Tax Season CBC SecureDrop Photo Galleries Costco will hike membership fees in Canada and U.S. this June By Pete Evans, CBC News Posted: Mar 03, 2017 9:29 AM ET Last Updated: Mar 06, 2017 9:36 AM ET Costco will hike its annual membership fees this summer. (Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Related Stories Walmart to stop taking Visa in Canadian stores Costco Canada to stop accepting American Express cards Costco will charge shoppers in Canada and the U.S. an extra $5 or $10 for an annual membership after the big box retailer posted financial results that disappointed Wall Street. The chain, which has 94 locations across Canada, announced late Thursday that starting in June 1, a regular "gold star" membership will now cost an extra $5 in the local currency to $60 in the U.S. and Canada. An executive membership, which comes with discounts and benefits, will be bumped up $10 to $120 a year. The chain last hiked its membership fees in 2011. Costco had almost 87 million members at the end of its last fiscal year, including about 10 million in Canada. Worldwide, they collectively paid more than $2.6 billion US for the right to shop at the stores — more than the company made in profits last year. The brand is especially strong in Canada, with same-store sales increasing 8 per cent last year being a major reason why the chain plans to expand to 7 more stores this year, saysSylvain Charlebois, a professor of food distribution at Dalhousie University in Halifax. "Given its solid success over the last few years in Canada, higher membership fees won't change much of anything," he said. The second largest bricks-and-mortar retailer in the world behind Walmart, Costco has grown steadily by luring people in the door with rock bottom prices for necessities but then getting them to impulse buy, Bloomberg analyst Jennifer Bartaschus said. Customers urged to get immunized after hepatitis found in Costco frozen fruit "Treasure-hunt finds, such as a designer brand or one-of-a-kind item the warehouse usually doesn't stock, encourage impulse buys and draw customers to the store more often," she said in a note. Despite the fee hike, most members will likely stay with the chain, as Costco enjoys a 90 per cent renewal rate every year with members — especially executive members who pay more for access but also buy more. If there's one market segment where Costco is vulnerable, Bartaschus said, it's with millennials. "Rival retailers, such as Walmart, offer bulk sizes and online shopping, as well as grocery click-and-collect, catering to millennials seeking convenience," she said. "Costco's strategy has focused on bulk sales and in-store shopping." The company also made headlines in recent years in a high-profile dispute with credit card companies over fees. American Express used to be the only credit card that Costco would accept, but since 2015, those cards are no longer accepted, while MasterCard is now accepted in store, and Visa cards can now be used for online purchases. Corrections An earlier version of this story said Costco accepts Visa cards in Canada. In fact, MasterCard is the only credit card accepted in Canadian stores, but Visa can be used online. Mar 03, 2017 11:45 AM ET Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Latest Business Headlines Tax court judge attended party hosted by law firm linked to KPMG March 06, 5:54 PM ET Oil glut now, but in 3 years it could be over and prices could spike March 06, 3:53 PM ET TFSAs a growing investor focus as housing market jitters spread in semi-annual Manulife survey March 06, 11:14 AM ET Snowbirds may soon be allowed 8 months in U.S., but could risk provincial health benefits March 06, 5:37 PM ET read comments Diamonds discovered for 1st time in Manitoba March 06, 7:46 PM ET Must Watch Video Trump's new travel ban 6:25 Immigration lawyer Warren Creates on how Canada could benefit from tighter U.S. borders Video Immigration kickstart 5:59 Belleville, Ont., Mayor Taso Christopher on his community's plans to attract new people Video America first policy 8:10 Economist Dambisa Moyo on what the new U.S. policy means for the global economy Video Feminist scorecard 6:18 Auren Ravon of Oxfam Canada on the group's tracking how well the government does on everything from female leadership to pay equity Watch The Exchange here Watch Recent shows and interviews Recent discussions about business news and newsmakers Markets TSX COMPOSITE   Rotate stock indices Pause stock rotation Show previous stock PLAY Mar 07, 2017 12:00 AM ET Mar 07, 2017 12:00 AM ET Mar 07, 2017 12:00 AM ET Mar 07, 2017 12:00 AM ET Mar 07, 2017 12:00 AM ET Index Last Trade Change TSX COMPOSITE 15629.75 21.25 DOW 20954.34 -51.37 NASDAQ 5849.17 -21.58 SP 500 2375.31 -7.81 TSX-VENTURE 810.25 -8.21 The data on this site is informational only and may be delayed; it is not intended as trading or investment advice and you should not rely on it as such. Most Viewed No bidders offer to buy Trump-branded tower in Toronto Oil prices set to rise sharply, unless new projects are approved Tax court judge attended party hosted by law firm linked to KPMG What $1M will buy: 10 years ago in the housing market vs. today Wealthy Canadians exposed in KPMG offshore tax 'sham' video Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Don't Miss Binary options — the latest investment scam that's costing victims everything FIFTH ESTATE Wealthy Canadians exposed in KPMG offshore tax 'sham' RRSP season puts spotlight on low-cost investing FIFTH ESTATE KPMG offshore tax dodge a 'facade' designed to hide money, ex-client says Subway defends its chicken after CBC Marketplace report Analysis 'A pretty greedy time' as profits soar for Canadian banks: Don Pittis Sean Cooper wiped out his mortgage in 3 years — and now he offers advice in new book How saying yes to free Wi-Fi could mean 'you are the product' for businesses Analysis Plutocrats with their crony capitalism are taking over again in the U.S.: Don Pittis Analysis 'I was in shock': Why Canadians are still struggling with runaway cellphone charges Analysis When will oil demand peak? Depends on our driving habits New selfie gadget coming, with fresh strategy to fight copycats Analysis Relying on rising home prices could be a fool's strategy: Don Pittis Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Costco Stock: The Danger Is Growing InvestorPlace Dana Blankenhorn 3 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Caterpillar Goes From White House Kudos to Multi-Agency Raid Demand slows for firearms, sending shares of major gunmaker down 5 percent © Federic J. Brown/AFP/Getty Images Costco has an overall rating of 3.9 on Glassdoor, and employees give CEO Craig Jelinek a 92 percent approval rating. "Great pay, great benefits," says one employee whose only complaint is, "It"s retail, you will work weekends and late nights." Costco Wholesale Corporation (COST) fell about 4% on Friday after its fiscal second-quarter earnings report came up far short. And worse: COST stock might have a lot more downside left. Popular Searches Full House Resorts Inc FLL ▼ 2.24 -0.04 -1.75% SembCorp Marine Ltd SMBMY ▲ 10.21 +0.06 +0.54% CBL & Associates Properties Inc CBL ▼ 9.97 -0.26 -2.54% Ascena Retail Group Inc ASNA ▲ 4.50 +0.06 +1.35% Costco earned $1.17 per share, on revenues of $29.77 billion, for the quarter ending in January. Analysts had been expecting earnings of $1.36 per share.  $29.88 billion. Even at its present level, COST stock is pricier than any other traditional retailer. Its price-earnings ratio is still above 30, almost double that of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT), the world’s largest retailer, and higher than even Alphabet Inc (GOOGL). The market cap at $78 billion is almost two-thirds of its annual sales, while other retailers are fortunate to get a price of half their sales. Most now trade at 40% of sales due to fears over the growth of Amazon.com, Inc. (AMZN). Costco stock, in short, has gotten ahead of itself and was due for a pullback. Costco’s Q2 Earnings Costco’s profits are usually equal to the membership fees it collects from customers, and this time it fell short of even that mark. During the quarter, it reported membership fees of $636 million and net income of just $515 million. 10 Dangerous Dividend Stocks to Dump Now Costco wrote that it plans to increase those membership fees in June, by about 10%, meaning executive members will be paying $120 per year for the privilege of shopping there. Canada was the star of the report, with sales increasing 8%, while other international sales fell 2%. U.S. sales rose 3%, which is how sales rose overall. COST succeeds by selling in bulk, by demanding the lowest prices from suppliers, and by operating on wafer-thin margins. Its gross merchandise margins are about 13% — half the margins at discounters like Walmart, and this keeps customers (like me) incredibly loyal, willing to drive long distances to load up on the savings. Costco grew its store count aggressively in the last few years, but that is showing signs of slowing. It was opening 30 new stores a year a few years ago, but Costco Addict, which tracks the company’s openings, counts only 16 new stores this year in the U.S. and Canada. New stores are very expensive to open. The company reportedly opened 29 new outlets in fiscal 2016, with capital expenditures of about $2.65 billion. Have We Reached Peak COST Stock? What investors should be asking now is whether we may have hit peak Costco. Costco is, by its nature, a slow-moving and slow-growing company. Revenues were about $118 billion in fiscal 2016 and have come in at about $57 billion so far in fiscal 2017. The seasonality of its revenue stream shows it peaking in the spring, like Home Depot Inc (HD). The fourth quarter of 2016 saw revenues of over $36 billion. But Costco’s year-over-year growth is still only in the low single digits. COST stock bulls today will be pointing to the increased membership fees, and these should mean more earnings over the next few quarters, but the company may be reaching a limit on growth there. It has just gone through a transition from American Express Company (AXP) credit to a Citigroup Inc (C) labeled Visa Inc (V) card, so it can’t expect earnings acceleration there, either. Is the Reversal in Tesla Inc (TSLA) Stock a Buying Opportunity? While some investors who have seen Costco’s value double over the last five years are going to be grabbing what they think is a bargain today, Costco stock is not a bargain compared with other retailers, it’s not growing rapidly, and it might well disappoint over the next year. I sold my own stake in Costco a few months ago, although even with the pre-market drop the, shares are still priced higher than where I sold them. So what do I know? What I do know is this: Beware falling prices. You may be better off shopping at Costco than buying COST stock. Dana Blankenhorn is a financial and technology journalist. He is the author of the sci-fi novella Into the Cloud, available at the Amazon Kindle store. Write him at danablankenhorn@gmail.com or follow him on Twitter at @danablankenhorn. As of this writing, he was long AMZN and GOOGL. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from InvestorPlace Dow Jones weakens amid political uncertainty InvestorPlace National Pancake Day 2017: How to Get Free IHOP Pancakes on March 7 InvestorPlace Nvidia Corporation (NVDA) Stock Suffers From Its Own Success InvestorPlace InvestorPlace View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
null
SUBSCRIBE NOWFOR HOME DELIVERY Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY More Home News Sports Business Autos Life Entertainment Opinion Advice Mitch Albom Archives Insider Media USA TODAY social Follow search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account View the E-Newspaper Manage your Newsletters View your Insider deals and more Member ID Card Chat Support Chat Support Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Already a subscriber?Log in Subscribe today for full access on your desktop, tablet, and mobile device.Subscribe Now Already a subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. 3714 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest U.P. lawmaker wants to ban pop purchases on Bridge cards An Upper Peninsula lawmaker wants to prohibit assistance recipients from using their benefits to buy soda Post to Facebook U.P. lawmaker wants to ban pop purchases on Bridge cards An Upper Peninsula lawmaker wants to prohibit assistance recipients from using their benefits to buy soda  Check out this story on Freep.com: http://on.freep.com/2lHr6vl {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 88 Join the Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs U.P. lawmaker wants to ban pop purchases on Bridge cards Kathleen Gray , Detroit Free Press Lansing Bureau Published 10:59 a.m. ET March 3, 2017 | Updated 12:37 p.m. ET March 3, 2017 The city of Berkeley on Tuesday, November 4, 2014, became the first in the nation to pass a tax on soda. (Photo: Associated Press ) 3714 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 88 COMMENTEMAILMORE LANSING — Soda and other carbonated beverages would be a big no-no for poor people in Michigan, under a bill introduced last week in the Michigan House of Representatives. Low-income Michiganders who qualify for food assistance — more than 739,000 households in the state who get an average of $227 per month — would be prohibited from buying those beverages under the bill sponsored by Rep. Beau LaFave, R-Iron Mountain. While many states have tried to ban purchases of soft drinks with welfare funds because of concerns over the sugary contents or lack of nutritional value of the beverages, LaFave said that's not his primary concern. He believes welfare recipients are buying soda so they can turn in the bottles for the .10-cent deposit. "There are a lot of people out there who are abusing the system. They go into their Walmart and buy a 12-pack of soda, go out into the parking lot, pour it on the ground and return it for the deposit. Instead of food benefits, that's turned into a physical cash," he said. "I don't know what they're using the money on. Maybe it's heroin. Maybe it's diapers. I don't think the taxpayers should be paying for food benefits as a way to give cash subsidies to people." ►Related: Man busted with 10,000 bottles in return scam ►Related: A few minutes with ... a man working in his own way Gilda Jacobs, executive director of the Michigan League for Public Policy, which advocates for economic opportunity for all people, said the bill is a solution looking for a problem that doesn't exist. She said she'd rather see the Legislature look at ways to provide incentives to Bridge Card recipients to purchase more healthy food and drink alternatives. "Let’s try to figure out a way to help people get out of poverty instead of trying to micromanage the food that they buy," she said. "There are too many problems in the world to solve that we should be spending time on things like this." The federal government must provide a waiver for a state to put restrictions on Bridge Cards, which are primarily funded through the U.S. Department of Agriculture's S​upplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. So far the department has been reluctant to grant such waivers. Recipients can buy food and drink items for their families, but they're not allowed to purchase alcohol, cigarettes or any non-food items, such as pet food, household supplies or paper products. According to a USDA study released in November, about 5.4% of food stamp spending is on soft drinks, which is a slightly higher percentage than the entire population spends on soda. The bill — HB 4278 — has been assigned to the House Families Children and Seniors committee. Similar bills trying to put restrictions on the items that can be purchased with Bridge Cards have been introduced in the past, but have not gone anywhere. Contact Kathleen Gray: 313-223-4430, kgray99@freepress.com or on Twitter @michpoligal 3714 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 88 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://on.freep.com/2lHr6vl
40°FPartly CloudyFull Forecast Subscribe to Newton Daily News News News Home Local State Nation and World Newsletter Progress Election Central Sports Sports Home Local Professional Pro Football Weekly Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Records Records Home Obituaries Police Reports Corrections Jasper Life Opinion Opinion Home Guest Columnists Editorials Letters Columnists Lifestyle Lifestyle Food Home & Garden Tech Events Upcoming Events Submit Your Event Video News Video Live Video Share   Anniversary Announcements Birth Announcements Birthday Announcements Campus Report Engagement Announcement Press Release Letters to the Editor Subscribe to the Newton Daily News Temporary Subscription Stop Wedding Announcement More About Us Business Showcase Contact Coupons Daily Deals e-Edition Follow Us Forms Place an Ad Printing Special Sections Subscribe Subscriber Services Text Alerts Today's Ads Pro Football U Pick 'Em Contest Weather News Sports Records Opinion Newsletter Lifestyle Events Video Photos Contests Share More TextAlerts Classified Jobs No charges in deadly Walmart crash in Iowa Published: Friday, March 3, 2017 9:49 a.m. CST PELLA — A central Iowa prosecutor says no charges will be filed against a man who crashed his pickup truck into a Walmart store, killing three people. Marion County Attorney Ed Bull said all evidence indicates 66-year-old Dennis Mockenhaupt suffered an unknown medical condition that caused him to lose consciousness and crash. Investigators and witnesses have said the truck was traveling at a high rate of speed when it plowed through a glass front entrance and well into the grocery section of the store. Comments More News Man pleads not guilty in teen’s river crash deathMarch 6, 2017 - 9:45 am Police investigate death of man found dead in parking lotMarch 6, 2017 - 9:45 am March 4 Trump rallies held in IowaMarch 6, 2017 - 9:45 am After 2 months, some bills already dead at LegislatureMarch 6, 2017 - 9:44 am Jury convicts man of murder in fatal stabbingMarch 6, 2017 - 9:45 am Church sues company over railroad track on its propertyMarch 6, 2017 - 9:45 am Comments Local Business Guide Featured Businesses Loading... Business Name address Location, ST | website.com Nightlife/Bars & Restaurants Beauty Salons Entertainment in Newton Doctors & Medical Specialists Contractors & Construction Education in Newton Lawn Services Lawyers in Newton Shopping in Newton Travel to Newton Tanning in Newton Used Cars in Newton Wedding Services ▼ Search for a business Add your business here + About Us | Contact Us | Subscriber Services | Privacy Policy | Terms of Service | Place a Classified Ad | Careers | Editorial Principles | Find Local Jobs Today's Ads | Local Business Showcase Copyright © 2017 Newton Daily News. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Published in Newton, Iowa, USA, by Shaw Media. See how easy building a mobile-friendly website can be with Shaw Media Digital
null
Tortuga Music Festival - Enter to win tickets today! Shop-O-Matic Lifestyle Shop-O-Matic Freebie Friday: Free drinks at Starbucks, free entrees at P.F. Chang's Happy Freebie Friday! Getty Images/iStockphoto Getty Images/iStockphoto Doreen ChristensenContact ReporterSun Sentinel Freebie Friday: Free entrees, drinks, dining deals and savings with retail coupons. Privacy Policy Happy Freebie Friday! Today's ginormous list includes two fabulous freebies for you and a friend. Thirsty? Sip a free Macchiato with purchase at Starbucks from 2 to 5 p.m. through Monday. Hungry? Chow down on a free BOGO entree or salad at P.F. Chang's with email signup. Other swell offers: Save $10 on gas cards at Publix, and enjoy free museum visits on Saturday and Sunday. If you haven't already, sign up to receive my Freebie Friday Newsletter via email. Your wallet will thank you. Have a great weekend and keep on saving! Connect with me: "Like" Doreen's Deals on Facebook; follow Doreen Christensen on Twitter, Facebook and GooglePlus. FREEBIES Free Macchiato with purchase at Starbucks; expires Monday Free entree with purchase at P.F. Chang's Free gas: $10 off gas cards at Publix; expires Sunday Free short stack of pancakes at IHOP on Tuesday Free museum visits on Saturday and Sunday from Bank of America Free movie ticket to "Beauty and the Beast" from Neutrogena Free ice cream cone from Baskin-Robbins by texting SCOOP to 31310 Free pet exam at VCA Animal Hospital Free Yankee Candles with purchase; expires Sunday Free Slurpee or Big Gulp at 7-Eleven with text signup Free $7.99 Schwarzkopf Gliss hair repair product; expires Dec. 31 Free cheeseburger at Habit Burger Grill Doreen Christensen Get a free Charburger with cheese at The Habit Burger Grill in March. Join the chain’s free CharClub reward program by March 31 and get a coupon via email for the free eats, no strings attached. Club members get special offers and free treats on birthdays. The offer is available for existing members,... Get a free Charburger with cheese at The Habit Burger Grill in March. Join the chain’s free CharClub reward program by March 31 and get a coupon via email for the free eats, no strings attached. Club members get special offers and free treats on birthdays. The offer is available for existing members,... (Doreen Christensen) Free Charburger at Habit Burger Grill; expires March 31 Free updated Jiffy Mix recipe book Free downloadable Gooseberry Patch Circle of Friends Cookbook Free $150 income tax preparation through April 18 Free movie ticket with dessert purchase at P.F. Chang's; expires Sunday Free $10 gift cards with three new Publix rewards programs Free Scholastic children's books with purchase from Kellogg's Free pill container key chain from Bayer (click "I Pledge" button) Free concert tickets from Ticketmaster.com Free tickets, discounts to stage performances from GoldStar.com Free $12 movie ticket with purchase from General Mills; expires Oct. 31 Free kids' meals with Chipotle Reading Rewards program Free 1-year Legoland pass for Florida teachers Free Wetlands coloring book from U.S. Fish and Wildlife Service Free $15 Uber ride from Wendy's Free pancakes at IHOP on Tuesday Doreen Christensen You'll flip for this freebie. Get free pancakes on Tuesday, March 7,  at IHOP to celebrate National Pancake Day. Stop in at participating restaurants from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. (until 10 p.m. in some locations) to get a free short stack. No purchase or coupon is necessary. Restaurants are giving away... You'll flip for this freebie. Get free pancakes on Tuesday, March 7,  at IHOP to celebrate National Pancake Day. Stop in at participating restaurants from 7 a.m. to 7 p.m. (until 10 p.m. in some locations) to get a free short stack. No purchase or coupon is necessary. Restaurants are giving away... (Doreen Christensen) Free tickets for military families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Free lipstick from Mac Cosmetics Free eats and dining discounts from AARP Free facial at Aveda retail stores Free sample of Nose Budz allergen protectors Free waxing from European Wax Center Free 30-day trial of Amazon Prime Video Free one month of service or free $150 Apple TV from DirecTV Now Free $50 Roku Streaming Stick from SlingTV Free 30-day trial of HBO, Cinemax from Amazon Prime Free movie tickets, freebies from AT&T and T-Mobile on Tuesdays Free hamburgers, movie discounts at Johnny Rockets Free movies on Vudu Movies on Us streaming service Free 1,200 photo prints per year with free Snapfish mobile app Free queso and burrito at Moe's Southwest Grill Free $49 Amazon Prime Student membership for college kids Free 12-month Lego Club magazine for kids Free game tokens from Chuck E. Cheese's e-Club Free lens cloth and glass cleaner from Walmart Vision Centers Free $20 parenting book from Publix Baby Club Free Consumer Action Handbook from USA.gov Free 6-inch sub with purchase at Subway, with signup Free Redbox DVD rental by texting FREEBIE to 727272 Free Angie's List membership Free Blizzard at Dairy Queen Free museum visits for free on Saturday and Sunday Doreen Christensen Visit museums for free on Saturday and Sunday, March 4-5, with Bank of America's Museum on Us program. The American Museum of Cuban Diaspora in Miami has been added to the roster of participating South Florida venues this year. The program offers free entry to more than 150 national arts institutions... Visit museums for free on Saturday and Sunday, March 4-5, with Bank of America's Museum on Us program. The American Museum of Cuban Diaspora in Miami has been added to the roster of participating South Florida venues this year. The program offers free entry to more than 150 national arts institutions... (Doreen Christensen) RETAIL COUPONS & DEALS 40 percent off regular-priced purchases at Michaels; expires Saturday 30 percent to 50 percent off at Jo-Ann Fabric 15 percent off at JC Penney; expires Sunday Wednesday-Sunday delivery, free digital access to Sun Sentinel for 99 cents $3.50 off Ulta Beauty; expires March 11 $10 off at Macy's, expires Saturday $20 off at Macy's, expires Saturday 20 percent to 40 percent off at Stein Mart $25 off furniture purchase at IKEA $10 off swimwear at Kohl's; expires Monday $20 off at Festival Marketplace; expires March 31 Up to three free, any-size Yankee Candles; expires Sunday $10 off grocery pickup service at Wal-Mart 15 percent off at Lord & Taylor; expires Tuesday $5 off mobile coupon at The Home Depot 20 percent off at Bed, Bath and Beyond Walgreens' paperless coupons Costco Wholesale coupons  Target Cartwheel coupons with app download Whole Foods Market app digital coupons Free angling seminars at Bass Pro Shops Doreen Christensen Don't let the big one get away here in the sport fishing capital of the world. Attend free angling seminars with local pros at Bass Pro Shop and save on gear, too. There are several free workshops for the whole family during the Spring Fishing Classic, running through Sunday. Here's the schedule:1:30... Don't let the big one get away here in the sport fishing capital of the world. Attend free angling seminars with local pros at Bass Pro Shop and save on gear, too. There are several free workshops for the whole family during the Spring Fishing Classic, running through Sunday. Here's the schedule:1:30... (Doreen Christensen) CONSUMER NEWS Free income tax preparation valued at $150 through April 18 Comparing unlimited data plans from the "Big Four" carriers Verizon offers new unlimited data plan Wawa opening three South Florida stores on March 23 AT&T adds DirecTV video, mobile hotspot to unlimited data plans AT&T expands unlimited data plan, matching Verizon Publix not offering free samples in South Florida delis? That's baloney Earn gift cards galore with three new Publix rewards programs News for cable and satellite TV cord cutters Free two-day shipping from Wal-Mart on millions of items Palm Beach socialite shares thrift store shopping secrets How to save $1,400 a year with the 52-Week Money Challenge How to easily save more energy to offset FPL price increase Sip craft brews, wine while shopping for organics at Lucky's Market How to protect yourself from identity theft while shopping online Save on cosmetics with drug store swaps, beauty hacks Save big bucks on groceries at Aldi Costco Anywhere Visa offers more cash back Expert rates Trader Joe's, Whole Foods cheap wines Free free tax preparation valued at $150 through April 18 Doreen Christensen People who complain about taxes can be divided into two classes: men and women. Of course, this excludes President Donald Trump, who boasted he paid no federal income taxes for years after taking deductions for business losses. Paying no taxes “makes me smart,” he said in a September debate. Unfortunately,... People who complain about taxes can be divided into two classes: men and women. Of course, this excludes President Donald Trump, who boasted he paid no federal income taxes for years after taking deductions for business losses. Paying no taxes “makes me smart,” he said in a September debate. Unfortunately,... (Doreen Christensen) DINING DEALS & COUPONS 7-Eleven: Free Slurpee or Big Gulp with text signup Arby's: Free classic roast beef sandwich with purchase Chili's: $10 three-course combo meal Dairy Queen: Free Blizzard frozen treat Dunkin' Donuts: Free beverage with rewards signup Denny's: 10 percent off with AARP card Friendly's: Free scoop and 25 percent off with rewards signup Habit Burger Grill: Free CharBurger; expires March 31 HoneyBaked Ham: Free Classic Ham sandwich IHOP: Free short stack of pancakes on Tuesday Johnny Rockets: Free hamburgers and movie discounts Krispy Kreme: BOGO doughnuts on Tuesdays Olive Garden: All-you-can-eat Never Ending Classics; expires Monday Outback Steakhouse: 10 percent off with AARP card Panera Bread: Free pastry with rewards signup Pei Wei: 20 percent off; expires Sunday P.F. Chang's: Free entree with purchase with email signup P.F. Chang's: Free movie ticket with dessert purchase; expires Sunday Starbucks: BOGO Macchiatos; expires Monday T.G.I. Friday's: All-you-can-eat appetizers Christensen: Why's everyone so gaga for Wawa? | Commentary Wawa-what's so exciting about a new chain of convenience stores coming to town? In July, Philadelphia-based Wawa broke ground on a store at Sample Road and Federal Highway in Pompano Breach. The beloved chain, which serves custom-made hoagies, whipped nearly every human in SoFla into a frenzy after... Wawa-what's so exciting about a new chain of convenience stores coming to town? In July, Philadelphia-based Wawa broke ground on a store at Sample Road and Federal Highway in Pompano Breach. The beloved chain, which serves custom-made hoagies, whipped nearly every human in SoFla into a frenzy after...Read the column FREE AND DISCOUNTED THINGS TO DO Save up to $4 on admission to Renaissance Festival; expires March 26 Free museum visits on Saturday and Sunday from Bank of America Free guitar classes at Guitar Center on Saturdays Free workshops at The Home Depot on Saturdays and Sundays Free cooking classes at Williams Sonoma stores Free concert tickets with purchase from Ticketmaster.com 25 percent off Regal e-movie tickets with AARP card Free and discounted tickets to performances from Goldstar.com Free entry for fourth-graders, families at U.S. National Parks Free escape room game for your birthday Free classes and events at American Girl stores Free movie ticket to see 'Beauty and the Beast' from Neutrogena Doreen Christensen Get a free $13 ticket to see "Beauty and the Beast" from Neutrogena Cosmetics. Get a reward code redeemable on Fandango.com for the free ticket by purchasing three participating products in a single transaction through March 31. Submit receipts via desktop computer or mobile devices. The movie,... Get a free $13 ticket to see "Beauty and the Beast" from Neutrogena Cosmetics. Get a reward code redeemable on Fandango.com for the free ticket by purchasing three participating products in a single transaction through March 31. Submit receipts via desktop computer or mobile devices. The movie,... (Doreen Christensen) TRAVEL DEALS, THEME PARK SAVINGS Special offers, deals and discounts at Walt Disney World Hotel, travel discounts from Convention & Visitor Bureaus in 100 cities Free annual Legoland pass for Florida teachers Theme park ticket deals, hotel savings from VisitOrlando.com Free admissions, discounts at Universal, Busch Gardens, Disney Free entry at Canadian parks in 2017 Ticket savings, hotel deals for military at Disney World Free tickets for military and families at SeaWorld and Busch Gardens Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Sip craft brews while you shop for organic groceries at Lucky’s Market All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 69°
-2 0 0 -9 -2 -3 -1 -7 Click to go now! About Submit News Advertise Promotions Home News Sports Governor Sports Outdoors Weather Weather Anncmts Pierre Chamberlain Mobridge Philip Miller Calendar Obituaries Road Report South Dakota Roads North Dakota Roads Nebraska Roads Minnesota Roads Wyoming Roads Montana Roads Listen Live Star 99 100.1 The Eagle River 92.7 94 Country KGFX AM KOLY AM Country 101 Mobile Apps AG Markets Sports Broadcast Bull Sales Home >  News >  Theft in Pierre Leads to Chase and Arrest of Ft Thompson SD Man Theft in Pierre Leads to Chase and Arrest of Ft Thompson SD Man March 3, 2017 By: Pierre Police   Pierre Police Captain Elton Blemaster released this statement: On 3-2-17 at 5:00PM Pierre Police received a report of a theft at Wal-Mart located in the 1700 block of N. Garfield. The report was the subject left in a gray sedan.  An officer saw the vehicle travelling on Airport Road.  The driver of the suspect vehicle tried to flee the area and a pursuit was initiated. The vehicle went from Airport Roadway to U.S. Highway 14 and then the vehicle turned off on Kingsway at a high rate of speed.  The vehicle ended up stalling in the 3000 block of Kingsway and driver took off on foot. After a roughly 30 minute search, Kyle A. Felicia, 34 of Ft. Thompson, SD was located.  He was arrested for Obstructing, Theft, Ingesting a Controlled Substance, Driving While Suspended, DUI (1st), Reckless Driving, and Aggravated Eluding.  He was transported to the Hughes Co. jail.  Felicia is innocent until proven guilty. Comment Disclaimer: The views and opinions expressed in the comments section of DakotaRadioGroup.com are solely those of the comment author and do not necessarily reflect the views and opinions held by DakotaRadioGroup.com. Comments are closed. National News House GOP releases bill replacing Obama health care overhaul North Korea, Malaysia ban each other's citizens from leaving US moves parts of controversial missile defense to SKorea As president, Trump seeks answers on his own wiretap mystery Trump's new travel ban comes without the chaos of first one National Sports Bogut's broken leg leaves Cavaliers cracked, incomplete Schroder, Howard bicker during Atlanta's loss to Warriors AP source: Raiders find new financing for Las Vegas stadium Trail Blazers-Timberwolves game postponed by slick court A WBC tradition _ MLB teams worry about players getting hurt Multimedia State FFA Officers Visit KGFX PIERRE SD – State FFA Officers Jaclynn Knutson, SD FFA State Reporter and Sydnie Peters, SD FFA State Sentinel were in studio to visit with KGFX Morning Show Host Scott Lane about their day today in Pierre and visiting businesses and... 3rd Annual Live and Silent Auction at First United Methodist Church Sunday March 5th Pierre Players Auditions for “Goodbye My Fancy” this Coming Monday Fort Pierre Happenings – Casey Tibbs Rodeo Center Kiwanis Concert 2017 East of Westreville This Saturday in Pierre at TF Riggs Pierre American Legion Update with Ron LeBeau South Dakota Music Education Association’s Middle School All-State Orchestra Feb 25th 3pm See All Videos See All Galleries Sections News Sports Obituaries Stations KGFX AM KGFX History 94 Country KPLO River 92.7 KGFX FM Country 101 KMLO Star 99 KOLY FM The Eagle 100.1 KJBI KOLY AM EEO Navigation Home About Advertise Contact Submit News Follow Us Copyright © 2011 Ingstad Family Media | Sitemap
Costco is raising membership fees for first time since 2011 - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream Get Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs Text Alerts BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Costco is raising membership fees for first time since 2011 Posted: Friday, March 3, 2017 10:01 AM EST Updated: Friday, March 3, 2017 10:31 AM EST It could soon get more expensive to be a Costco member. A UBS analyst predicts the warehouse giant may be planning to increase the cost of becoming a member in 2017. By Paul R. La Monica NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- Buying 60 rolls of toilet paper at Costco is about to get more expensive. The warehouse retailer is raising its annual membership fees for the first time since 2011. Costco is boosting the price of its standard Gold Star membership by $5 to $60 a year. The Executive membership, which offers additional discounts and an annual reward on purchases, will go up $10 to $120 a year. The increases take effect June 1 and will affect about 35 million members. Costco typically raises fees every few years. The company made the announcement on Thursday as it released its latest earnings, which disappointed Wall Street. Sales and profits were lower than expected. Shares of Costco fell 4% in early trading Friday. Costco is facing tough competition from Sam's Club, the warehouse company owned by Walmart, and Target. Both have lowered prices to woo more customers. Chief financial officer Richard Galanti told analysts the challenges posed by the two big-box giants is "formidable." Lower food commodity prices have also triggered something of a grocery store price war. That's hurt Costco as well as supermarkets Kroger and Whole Foods. Costco executives mentioned "deflation" 26 times during their conference call with analysts. They said it has hit not just food but electronics -- another key category for the company. TV prices in particular have been falling sharply. Profits from the company's gasoline sales were lower as well. Costco is also in the middle of a transition with its new credit card partners. Last year, Costco replaced American Express as the issuer of its co-branded membership cards in favor of Citigroup and Visa. The company said the credit card shift has boosted its profit margins. But it wasn't enough to offset lower prices for many of its products. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / Full-time RV Family Sets Off on Whitewaters of the Grand Canyon Full-time RV Family Sets Off on Whitewaters of the Grand Canyon Posted on March 3, 2017 by Top News US Full Feed in Press Releases 12-year-old Abby is young to paddle the 280-mile course. But the Holcombes, who live year-round in a Winnebago View, say families today need serious adventure. (PRWEB) March 03, 2017 The Holcombe family has launched their kayaks into the Colorado River on a 26-day whitewater trip through the Grand Canyon, Winnebago announced today. Abby, a nationally ranked junior freestyle kayaker at age 12, is paddling her own kayak through the 280-mile route, a course guides commonly recommend for paddlers age 16 and up. Peter and Kathy, and daughter Abby have been full-time travelers in their Winnebago View since selling their Boulder, Colo. home in June of 2014 to adventure through the nation’s top parks and public lands. They run a professional photography business and online school Abby on the road. Parking their View during the river expedition, the Holcombes say RV life can either be a boon or a bust to your nerves and budget, and they blog tips about the travel lifestyle at Famagogo.com. “It’s like we know a secret and we want everybody to know the secret,” says Peter of the simple freedom they’ve pursued, partly through creative sponsorships. “Being able to inspire people through my images and Kathy’s stories, that’s really what excites us now.” The Holcombes’ guidance is timely. According to the Recreational Vehicle Industry Association, adventure-seeking families headed by 35- to 54-year-olds are the fastest growing segment of RV owners. A surge in mobile careers along with low gas prices and more-affordable models are projected to drive RV sales to an eighth straight record in 2017. So for families RVing one week, one month, or full-time, how can they make the most of it? Here’s what the Holcombes advise: PURSUE A PASSION. Find something outside that you can all do together and plan trips around it. For the Holcombes, it’s kayaking. Pulling a trailer full of gear, they plan their itinerary around river destinations, meeting up with elite coaches for Abby and entering competitions along their route. “I love how I have friends all over the country now,” says Abby, who fastens their photos above her RV loft bed like any pre-teen. “I have friends in Georgia, Ontario, the Yukon–everywhere. And I’m seeing all these different cultures.” LOOK FOR DEALS. After gas, the biggest RV vacation expense can be overnight fees. Spaces range from free public lands and Walmart parking lots to campsites that charge from $15 to $150 a night, depending on amenities and region. “Depending on the experience you want, you can have a very luxurious vacation or take a more natural wilderness approach that’s much less expensive,” says Kathy. “Our personal favorite places to stay are free—national forest areas or Bureau of Land Management areas. So we probably pay for camping less than 50 nights a year.” The Western U.S., says Peter, has more wild public lands with beautiful free spaces than the East, which has more high-end resorts. “In the canyon country of Utah,” says Peter, “there are amazing places three or four miles off the state highway with camping spots where you can legally park free for 14 days—and they’re just incredible.” Internet access in their Winnebago View is essential to their wanderlust—and budget. On the road, they use the Allstays travel app to find affordable stop-offs. A combination of Google Maps and Google Earth helps them maneuver in and out of remote areas. These frugal habits, on average, keep their spending under $2,500 a month, including gas, insurance, food and camping fees. CHOOSE AN RV THOUGHTFULLY. When you’re buying a camper or motorhome, consider not just your family size, but what you’ll be demanding of the vehicle. Concerned about maintenance as well as comfort, the Holcombes chose a Class C Winnebago View, a smaller, solid 24-foot model built on a Mercedes-Benz Sprinter chassis. They liked how it drove like a van in tighter spaces, but still had a spacious interior for three. They looked for plumbing installed through the cabin (keeping it warm in cold climates like Alaska), private living spaces, a sturdy roof to stand and take photos, and general endurance to last years on rocky roads. “We kept hearing from dealers that if you’re going to be doing all this crazy stuff, you should definitely get a Winnebago,” says Peter of their thorough research. “Because they’re built so much better and they’re going to take the beating.” KEEP THINGS SIMPLE. The tiny-house movement has a lot of families scaling down their stuff—something the Holcombes embrace. While they love the storage space and ample width when they open the View’s slide-out wall, two things are still essential: personal spaces like Abby’s loft bed, and keeping a rein on clutter. “You always fill the space you’re in. We were completely out of space in our 2,700-square-foot house in Boulder!” Kathy observes. “We go through almost every single month and get rid of things that seem to accumulate in our RV closets, cupboards and bench storage. That’s really important.” All-in-all, the Holcombes wouldn’t trade their lifestyle for anything. It helps that the family’s photography business, Holcombe Photography, can operate smoothly on the road. But even for average families limited to an annual vacation, RVing, they say, is the way to go. It provides the excitement of waking up anywhere while still feeling at home. “We’ve done tents and hotel trips,” says Peter. “But the familiarity of being in a place that feels like home and is as comfortable as home—but it can be anywhere in all these exciting locations—that’s what’s cool to me.” To get daily updates on the Holcombes’ adventure through the Grand Canyon, follow Peter.Holcombe on Facebook. To read their blog posts, go to Famagogo.com or WinnebagoLife.com. To explore Winnebago models for adventuresome families, go to WinnebagoInd.com. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/03/prweb14117687.htm Latest News Solidia Technologies Wins $3 Million from Emissions Reduction Alberta for Transforming CO₂ from Waste to Asset Brady Announces Pipe Marking Color and Size Guide Full-time RV Family Sets Off on Whitewaters of the Grand Canyon Milwaukee® Announces the TICK™ Tool & Equipment Tracker: Tracks Anything. Survives Everything. Okayama University Research: Overloading of Protein Localization Triggers Cellular Defects US CMBS Delinquency Rate Resumes Ascent in February Alliance Executes Term Sheet for $5M to $10M Equity Facility Molori Energy Inc. Acquires Additional Production Dominion Harbor Enterprises and Paicheng International Technology Transfer Announce an Intellectual Property Commercialization Joint Venture Based in Beijing, China Clintondale Community Schools Connects with Innovative Digital SAT-prep Course by Kranse Institute © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Coast to Coast with George Noory Weekdays, 1am-5am facebook twitter iphoneapp androidapp Text Us: #30930 Phone: (800) 616 WBEN Business: (716) 843-0600 On Air Listen Live Weekly Schedule Bauerle and Bellavia The Sandy Beach Show The Rush Limbaugh Show The Sean Hannity Show Newsroom Staff Ask The Tax Lady Buffalo Means Business with Buddy Shula The Chris McKay Show Coast to Coast The Financial Guys Show Home Improvement Show with Domenic Cortese Investing Sense Senior Radio Buffalo The Robert Saviola Show Your Family Matters with Dr. Darci Cramer On Demand Newsroom Latest Headlines Breaking National News State News National News World News Business News Entertainment News Health News brought to you by Liberty Home Care Tech News Science News Travel News Off-Beat News Business Buffalo Business News AP Business News Markets Summary Sports 2016 Bills Schedule Buffalo Sports Headlines NHL News NFL News NBA News MLB News Golf News NASCAR News Weather Complete Weather Forecast Closings Flight Information News Alerts on Your Computer Events WBEN Photo Galleries WBEN Events Buffalo Community Events Features Contests General Contest Rules WBEN The Feed Blog Bauerle and Beach Sponsors Brenda's Bites Border Crossing Info Poll Results Archive 1Thing WBEN Mobile Streaming WBEN App powered by Valu Home Centers WBEN Text Alerts Be An Insider | More WBEN NewsRadio 930>Audio & Video on Demand>>Brian Michel- Grand Island Tolls Tweet Download Share Brian Michel- Grand Island Tolls Mar 3, 2017| Related Audio: Alan Harris and his new kidney Audio Mon, 6 Mar 2017   Political Analyst Steve Roberts Audio Mon, 6 Mar 2017   Mark Schroeder Running for Mayor Audio Mon, 6 Mar 2017   White House Wiretap Talk- 030617 750am Aaron Katersky Audio Mon, 6 Mar 2017   + Automatically Generated Transcript (may not be 100% accurate) OK guys and with frank Michel outside of Grand Island town hall where this news conference is going to be getting underway within the next hours O'Brien tell us what's going to happen at the well today we're gonna make it public or intention to really that fourth of public effort to take on the told barriers we have a number of efforts and initiatives that we're going to be putting in place and kicking off the startled. Some most prominent ones are going to be you preview Wal-Mart via. Launching a petition drive. We're gonna be erecting billboards around Grand Island with billboards and public eyes and educate the public on her honor for. And this has been done before it's been done previously previous decades ago what makes you think this effort will. Only at fickle after a century of them passed. We're deuce and change your I Western New York and the on the right. Off was becoming progressive city. And really seat changed the change that were seeking happening down day. At the tip the bridge or putting and high speed can actually whole collection system. I see no reason why we couldn't Grand Island couldn't share in the debut of their systems statewide. Ultimately would of course we'll love to see the tolls removed altogether what will be better than passing over Grand Island free of charge. What is more important you immediately act absolute eradication of the holes or this cash was number combination of oh. It's a combination truly is it to the two docked to face them here we we want to see the tolls go were trying to go. For a right goals it seen achievable. And what. Hope hopefully we get the job. Special assistant put in place and they'll give us a chance that beckon. It evaluate the effectiveness of that if we need to take further we won't stop until we have a solution that everyone is an agreement went. What you do here at 8 o'clock who's who's gonna speak woody and say what the whole. Agenda. Always have a lineup of western New York's finest and I myself Brian Shelby their supervisor in the McMurray will be there. Prominent this man Michael Gilani will be there. That Nader. Global region. The neighbor global. In two for tourism. Pale Whalen will be there and also. Community action organization of your county CEO Nathan herald in attendance. What happens from here after the news conference and what you do. Or gonna kick offer our petition drive going to be hosting town hall events we have one scheduled hip and on March 22 at 225. Third street Niagara Falls. That'll be running from six to 8 PM. We're gonna kick off far. And get a kick off our petition drive we're going to put up billboards. And ultimately. We are going to their plans in place to rent they bought to take to all from buffalo to Albany. To deliver our petition in person to governor Cuomo's office demanding change and finally what is your vested interest here united and Grand Island resident. No you're right I'm not. You know what I cameo lifetime resident of the region and someone who's commuted over grand downs for the hunt the duration of my career. I just want to see this had eight gone once and for all I can imagine and the only person who set the traffic jam. Wondering. Why this still even. Nothing less nothing more Brent thanks so much they actually think killed what's our guys that is brand Michelle live outside of Grand Island town hall. advertise with us Poll Do you think the new executive order on immigration will withstand any legal tests?   Yes   No   Won't matter because all anyone is talking about is "WireTapGate'!   View Results Top Stories Audio Get it Now 03/23/11 10:06 AM Posted 2175 days 19 hrs 13 mins ago WBEN iPhone App 03/23/11 10:06 AM Posted 2175 days 19 hrs 13 mins ago Perks 03/23/11 10:06 AM Posted 2175 days 19 hrs 13 mins ago Contests 03/23/11 10:05 AM Posted 2175 days 19 hrs 14 mins ago Photo Galleries 03/23/11 10:07 AM Posted 2175 days 19 hrs 12 mins ago RSS Center 03/23/11 10:07 AM Posted 2175 days 19 hrs 12 mins ago Contact Us   |   Advertise With Us   |   Jobs   |   EEO Public File   |   Privacy Policy   |   Terms & Conditions   |   Contest Rules   |   Internships   |   Copyright Notice
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Where to get and buy a Nintendo Switch on launch day Eric Abent - Mar 3, 2017 0 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Nintendo Switch launch day is here at last, but if you don’t have a pre-order, that means you’re out of luck, right? Not exactly – a number of retailers have the Switch in stock for walk-in customers today, but it’s still going to be tricky to find one. With pre-orders selling out quickly when they were first announced, there’s going to be a lot of competition to get these extra consoles. So far, a number of nationwide retailers have announced that they’ll be carrying the Switch for walk-in customers today. Two of those retailers are GameStop and Best Buy, though it might be more challenging to find one at these two chains than other places. That’s because many GameStop and Best Buy stores opened at midnight this morning, and invited walk-in customers to come in and pick up a Switch then. Still, if you have a Best Buy or GameStop nearby that didn’t open for a midnight launch, you might have a better shot at finding a Switch there. Alternatively, Walmart, Target, and Toys R Us all seem to be offering walk-in consoles as well. Walmart previously announced that it would have consoles on hand at Supercenters across the US, while weekly ads from Target and Toys R Us say similar things about availability. Obviously, you shouldn’t go in expecting to pick up a Switch considering the demand for these things, but one thing you may want to do is check with regional retailers as well. For instance, here in the Midwest, supermarket chain Meijer has been advertising that it will have the Switch in stock beginning today, March 3. If you strike out with nationwide stores, it’s definitely worth checking in with smaller retailers. Hopefully we’re not seeing the beginning of another NES Classic situation, but the fact that pre-orders have been hard come by suggests we might. We’ll see how launch day and following weeks go, but for now, head down to the comments section and let us know if you managed to get a Switch today! Story Timeline Nintendo Switch: All of the indie games confirmed today (with trailers!) Nintendo Switch Reviews Round-up: pre-release, with some potential Nintendo Switch eShop and News app previewed in new video It looks like Nintendo Switch will use friend codes after all Nintendo Switch parental controls app arrives in app stores Tags best buygamestopGamingnintendoNintendo SwitchTargetWalmart Must Read Bits & Bytes This is it: The 306hp 2017 Honda Civic Type R Nintendo Switch owners, don’t put a skin on your new console Uber has secret ‘Greyball’ tool to evade law enforcement and other opponents Nintendo Switch games you can get today (with trailers) Nintendo Switch Buyer’s Guide: Accessories you should get Latest Headlines Samsung Galaxy Note 8 codenamed “Great”, begs to be debunked Mar 7, 2017 This is it: The 306hp 2017 Honda Civic Type R Mar 7, 2017 Sonos PLAYBASE soundbar sits under your TV Mar 6, 2017 Nintendo Switch Joy-Con can work on PCs, Macs, Android Mar 6, 2017 Pulse is Twitch’s own brand of Twitter Mar 6, 2017 Latest Reviews Lenovo IdeaPad 510S Windows 10 Laptop Review Feb 21, 2017 Lenovo IdeaCentre Y910 Review: A powerful gaming all-in-one Feb 20, 2017 2017 Lincoln Continental AWD Reserve Review: American Cheese Feb 16, 2017 2017 Ford Fusion Sport Review: Blue Oval Q ship cancels mid-size family sedan boredom Feb 15, 2017 Lenovo ThinkCentre X1 All-in-One Windows 10 PC Review Feb 12, 2017 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
RTV6 Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Interactive Radar Storm Tracker 7-Day Forecast Today's Forecast Cams Maps/Radars Weather Alerts School Closings Traffic + Traffic Map Gas Prices News + Local U.S./World Call 6 Crime Good News Politics DecodeDC Moving to Mexico Hot Button Photos Money + Don't Waste Your Money Angie's List Financial Fitness Zone ShopSmart Sports + Colts Pacers Indy 500 College High School Life + Event Calendar Horoscope Jefferson Awards Entertainment + Food TV Listings Sudoku Crosswords Comics Right This Minute The List Video + Live Video Newscasts Indianapolis This Week YouTube Channel ABC Live Video Marketplace + Contests About Us + Contact Us News Team Mobile Newsletters Advertise Support Current 62° Thunderstorms 3-Day Forecast HI: 59° LO: 43° HI: 55° LO: 36° HI: 56° LO: 35° More Weather Traffic current alerts 2 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 5 Weather Alerts Severe Thunderstorm Warning issued March 7 at 3:49AM EST expiring March 7 at 4:30AM EST in effect for: Carroll, Clinton, Tippecanoe Severe Thunderstorm Warning issued March 7 at 3:44AM EST expiring March 7 at 4:30AM EST in effect for: Cass Flood Warning issued March 6 at 11:10AM EST expiring March 7 at 11:47PM EST in effect for: Jackson, Lawrence, Washington Flood Warning issued March 6 at 11:10AM EST expiring March 7 at 4:25AM EST in effect for: Lawrence, Martin Flood Warning issued March 2 at 11:17AM EST expiring March 7 at 4:00PM EST in effect for: Lawrence, Martin 5 Weather Alerts Alerts TIMELINE: Spotty showers through early morning RECALL: 680K rattles recalled over choking hazard WXYZ 9:25 AM, Mar 3, 2017 1:09 PM, Mar 3, 2017 Share Article Previous Next About 680,000 rattles are being recalled nationwide over a choking hazard, according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next (WXYZ) - About 680,000 rattles are being recalled nationwide over a choking hazard, according to the Consumer Product Safety Commission.  The rattles were sold by Kids II Inc. and distributed to stores including Target, Walgreens, Walmart, Amazon.com, ToysRUs.com from January 2016 through February 2017.  The CPSC recall involves Oball Rattles in pink, blue, green and orange with the model number 81031. The rattles also have date codes: T0486, T1456, T2316, T2856 and T3065. There have been 42 reports of the plastic disc breaking and the small beads coming out.  Consumers are advised to contact the firm for a full refund. The number is 877-243-7314.  More information can be found here.  Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story Local News Smoking ban passes in Howard Co. and Kokomo Smoking will soon be banned in all public buildings in Howard County. Marion Co. prosecutor to use Nextdoor The Marion County prosecutor announced Monday that his office would be partnering with the social media app Nextdoor to bring crime fighting… PD: Clerk shot, killed robbery suspect A gas station clerk shot and killed a robbery suspect on Indianapolis south side late Monday evening, according to police.  PD: Men went on naked rampage at Indy apartments Two men went on a naked rampage at an Indianapolis apartment complex on Sunday, according to police.  New TSA pat-downs more invasive for travelers  Next time you head to the Indianapolis International Airport you might notice the TSA officers are a little more… Local NewsWeather Traffic Sports Entertainment Life MarketplaceSupport RTV6 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Staff Hot Button TV Listings Community Calendar uReport Call 6 Good News Jefferson Awards Contests Mobile Apps RTV6 iPhone iPad Kindle Android Windows Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Stations Scripps TV Station Group © 2014 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Newfoundland & Labrador LIVE St. John's More Streams St. John's Morning Show Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada NL Thousands hurry hard into St. John's as 2017 Brier kicks off Pre-qualifier games begin Friday with first draws set for Saturday at Mile One Centre By Geoff Bartlett, CBC News Posted: Mar 03, 2017 10:52 AM NT Last Updated: Mar 03, 2017 1:05 PM NT The ice at Mile One Centre in St. John's on Thursday, one day before competition starts at the 2017 Tim Hortons Brier which will continue for the next eight days. (Twitter/@CurlingCanada) Related Stories Islanders represented at Tim Hortons Brier Brad Gushue has the weight of the Rock on his shoulders External Links 2017 Tim Hortons Brier draw schedule (Note: CBC does not endorse and is not responsible for the content of external links.) The 2017 Tim Hortons Brier has officially started in St. John's, and the excitement is being felt by curling fans and local businesses alike. Pre-qualifying games started Thursday night at Mile One Centre, with the first draws of the tournament set to begin on Saturday. Olympic curler and the morning master of ceremonies Jamie Korab has been to several Briers over the years, and said he's known for years that St. John's would be a great host city. Olympian Jamie Korab is the morning master of ceremony for the 2017 Brier in St. John's. (Mark Cumby/CBC) "Everywhere I go, whether it's Costco or Wal-Mart or wherever I am, people are stopping me and asking me about it," he told the St. John's Morning Show. "The arena looks fantastic, the ice is amazing, we're in for quite a treat the next nine days." Economic boost Korab suspects all the teams and fans that are traveling to St. John's for the Brier will be a big economic shot in the arm for businesses in the downtown area — something that should be welcome during the usually slow month of March. "I've got friends from Norway that are coming over and staying at an Airbnb, the boys from the Northwest Territories were at the [St. John's] Fish Exchange last night, so it's amazing," he said. "We're going to have thousands of people in here." Some downtown shops and restaurants are embracing and celebrating the Brier in their own way, looking to attract those visiting the city. St. John's businesses ready for 2017 Brier1:02 At the Newfoundland Chocolate Company on Duckworth Street, owner/chocolatier Christina Dove has been busy preparing a Brier-themed window display — which includes curling rocks and brooms she made herself from chocolate. "We love promoting Newfoundland," she said. "We're so excited when all these people from all across Canada are coming because it's a chance for us to show how incredible Newfoundland is and how proud we are of our province." Big Party Korab said besides being Canada's premiere curling tournament, the Brier is also one of the best parties in sports. Crews work to get the Brier Patch ready at the St. John's Convention Centre for the 2017 Tim Hortons Brier. The Brier Patch will be the social area for up to 2,200 players and fans, and will feature food, bar service and live music. (Twitter/@theSJCC) He said people who aren't familiar with it may not realize just how fun the atmosphere is at the Brier Patch; which is the party area in the St. John's Convention Centre where 2,200 athletes and fans can pack in for food, drinks and live music from local performers. "There's a fair amount of beverages consumed there and it's just going to be an amazing time," he said." With files from Bruce Tilley and St. John's Morning Show Report Typo or Error Send Feedback To encourage thoughtful and respectful conversations, first and last names will appear with each submission to CBC/Radio-Canada's online communities (except in children and youth-oriented communities). Pseudonyms will no longer be permitted. By submitting a comment, you accept that CBC has the right to reproduce and publish that comment in whole or in part, in any manner CBC chooses. Please note that CBC does not endorse the opinions expressed in comments. Comments on this story are moderated according to our Submission Guidelines. Comments are welcome while open. We reserve the right to close comments at any time. Submission Policy Note: The CBC does not necessarily endorse any of the views posted. By submitting your comments, you acknowledge that CBC has the right to reproduce, broadcast and publicize those comments or any part thereof in any manner whatsoever. Please note that comments are moderated and published according to our submission guidelines. Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: St. John's Light Snow -4°C Gander Light Snowshower -6°C Deer Lake Partly Cloudy -16°C Channel-Port aux Basques -5°C Happy Valley-Goose Bay Clear -17°C More Weather Latest Nfld. & Labrador News Headlines Tuesday's news, weather and traffic updates in the CBC N.L. Live Blog Self-serve: Dad delivers son in gas station parking lot video 'It was pretty rocky': Summerford sealers safe at home after dramatic rescue at sea Expiration date: Young volunteers needed for Torbay food bank to survive video $700K loss as fire destroys equipment at Labrador City golf club Top News Headlines 'You don't get a 2nd chance to react': Plan reveals crucial moments in 9/11-style attack in Canada video 'Grow a spine ... and punish people who commit fraud,' NDP tell Liberals over tax dodge reports Snowbirds may soon be allowed 8 months in U.S., but could risk provincial health benefits read comments U.S. responds to North Korea by readying anti-missile defence system across border read comments Tax court judge attended party hosted by law firm linked to KPMG Most Viewed Self-serve: Dad delivers son in gas station parking lot in St. John's 'It was pretty rocky': Summerford sealers safe at home after dramatic rescue at sea Party hard: Curling superfans the 'Sociables' dress to impress in St. John's Pot found on passenger of medical flight to Natuashish, trafficking charges laid $700K loss as fire destroys equipment at Labrador City golf club A league of their own: Meet the middle-aged women playing hockey for 1st time in St. John's Labrador, Northern Peninsula digging out from 3-day storm Defiant Joe Smyth adamant he did not mislead Dunphy inquiry in prior testimony Expiration date: Young volunteers needed for Torbay food bank to survive JRCC releases dramatic video of 5 people rescued from fishing boat northeast of St. John's Don't Miss Tuesday's news, weather and traffic updates in the CBC N.L. Live Blog Self-serve: Dad delivers son in gas station parking lot in St. John's Video 'It was pretty rocky': Summerford sealers safe at home after dramatic rescue at sea Expiration date: Young volunteers needed for Torbay food bank to survive $700K loss as fire destroys equipment at Labrador City golf club A league of their own: Meet the middle-aged women playing hockey for 1st time in St. John's Kevin Martin back at Brier in role of rock for son's Alberta team Video CBC Here and Now March 06, 2017 1:01:03 Party hard: Curling superfans the 'Sociables' dress to impress in St. John's Video Curling 101: Get the scoop on how to throw rocks with Olympian Jamie Korab Live blog Defiant Joe Smyth adamant he did not mislead Dunphy inquiry in prior testimony Oil prices set to rise sharply, unless new projects are approved Gander's Red Cross depot staying put, for now Pot found on passenger of medical flight to Natuashish, trafficking charges laid 'Give 'er and get 'er done': Brier icemaker won't let a broken ankle stop him Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
WTVF Traffic Weather All Sections News + Local Tennessee Kentucky U.S. NC5 Investigates Education School Patrol Medical Politics Entertainment Traffic + Sky5 HD Gas Prices TDOT Traffic Report Airport Weather + Radar 7-Day Forecast Weather Alerts Current Conditions Live Cameras School Closings Weather Team Weather Kids Weather Videos Video + Live Newscasts Watch 5+ Live CBSN Live Video YouTube Roku Sports + Titans Predators Commodores Volunteers Blue Raiders TSU Tigers Sounds Money + Consumer Reports Consumer Alert Shop Smart Life + Back to School Summer Heart Health Fall Black Friday Flu Season Healthy New Year Celebrate Tennessee Giving Back Talk of the Town + Recipes Extras Go Local Be Your Best Meet the Team NewsChannel5+ + Watch 5+ Live MorningLine OpenLine SportsLine Inside Politics Community Health Matters Countdown to Friday Fishin' Affliction The Income Guys Inside Workforce Development Issues of Faith LifeStyle with Denise Simons Medical Monday Mortgage Matters Out & About Today Panorama Pharmacist On Call The Plus Side of Nashville Retirement Report Ring of Faith ¿Que Pasa Nashville? SCORE on Business Southern Woods & Waters Titans Talk Words & Music Urban Outlook Photos + my5 Viewer Photos Weather Kids About Us + Contact Us Submit News Tips Contests TV Listings Team Bios Advertise with Us EEO Public File Report Closed Captioning Support Jobs Current 61° Cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: 65° LO: 41° HI: 65° LO: 37° HI: 71° LO: 39° Weather Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences Metro Police Pursue Memphis Theft Suspect 7:47 AM, Mar 3, 2017 8:14 AM, Mar 3, 2017 Share Article Previous Next A man was taken into custody after allegedly leading Metro Police on a chase in a stolen SUV. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next NASHVILLE, Tenn. - A man was taken into custody after allegedly leading Metro Police on a chase in a stolen SUV.  According to an affidavit from Metro Nashville Police, Roy Webster stole the vehicle in Memphis and investigators tracked the car's GPS to a Walmart on Nolensville Pike. When they got close, Webster allegedly took off and prompted a chase. Officers said Webster later crashed into another car on Harding Place after reaching speeds of 70 miles per hour.  From there, he took off on foot – dodging trees and climbing fences as he tried to escape, police said. Officers finally caught up to him and arrested him on multiple charges. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story Man Cited For 'Obscene' Bumper Sticker Police in Nashville wrote a ticket to a driver for an "obscene bumper sticker." Republicans unveil bill to repeal Obamacare House Republicans introduced their bill to repeal Obamacare's individual mandate that also aims to maintain coverage for people… Tennessee Lawmaker Douglas Henry Dies At 90 Douglas Henry III, Tennessee's longest-serving lawmaker, has died. He was 90 years old. Officials Pay Tribute To Douglas Henry Tributes began pouring in Monday morning after longtime Tennessee lawmaker Douglas Henry III died at the age of 90.   Avian Influenza Found In Tenn. Chicken Flock A virus deadly to poultry has been found in Tennessee. Unrelated Deaths Of 2 Nurses Remain Unsolved Officials with the Metro Nashville Police Department have continued to investigate two separate and unrelated deaths involving nurses from… TBI ID's, Speaks With Passenger In Clemmons' Car Authorities have identified and spoken with the person who was in the passenger seat of Jocques Clemmons' car before he was fatally shot by a… Arrest Made In School Threat In Robertson County Officials have arrested an 18-year-old after an anonymous threat prompted the evacuation of three schools in Robertson County.  Micro Homes In Nashville Will Help Homeless Open Table Nashville has partnered with several other agencies to build nearly two dozen micro homes on a South Nashville church's property. News Sports Weather Traffic Talk of the Town NewsChannel 5+Support NewsChannel 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Team Bios About Us Contest Your Money As Seen on NC5 School Patrol TV Listings Laff Mobile Apps NewsChannel 5 iPhone iPad Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
GoSearch Replay: PIX11 News PIX11 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us New York's PIX11 / WPIX-TV Menu News Metro Report Morning PIX Team Contests Traffic Transit Events Closings Weather 44° 44° Low 52° High 55° Wed 42° 62° Thu 36° 59° Fri 20° 44° See complete forecast Severe weather alert SIGN UP NOW: GET PIX11 NEWS HEADLINES DELIVERED RIGHT TO YOUR INBOX Create your own self care sanctuary Posted 8:38 AM, March 3, 2017, by PIX11 News Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email We all know that taking care of ourselves is essential for our physical health, mental wellness and outward confidence. One way to ensure you stick to a positive self-care routine, is to infuse love into every part of your day. We brought back our beloved Lifestyle Expert & Editor Pamela Pekerman of http://www.PamelaPekerman.com to share some ways you create a self-care sanctuary in your home. Bathroom – Beauty Self Care Enviroscent Bursts in Wild Lavender ($3.77 for bag of 3 at Walmart) Set the mood for your beauty rituals with a new kind of all natural home fragrance—harnessing unique technology that’s solvent-free, providing lasting fragrance with no chemicals, made with pure essential oils Made from all-natural, biodegradable, compostable, sustainably managed paper (and the Burst itself is recyclable — just toss in with your household paper) AVEENO Daily Moisturizing Body Yogurt Lotion in Vanilla and Oat ($7.99 at Target) Nothing pampers the body quite like a full body lotion with a scent that stimulates all your senses. This body moisturizer with ACTIVE NATURALS® oatmeal and nutrient-rich yogurt saturates to intensely moisturize and nourish dry skin Keeps skin hydrated for up to 48 hours Marula Oil Rare Oil Intensive Hair Masque ($38 at raremarula.com) Take a little me time and pamper your locks with luxurious cold-pressed marula oil. Packed with powerful antioxidants, it thoroughly hydrates and dramatically smooths and softens dry, coarse hair and adds fullness to fine, limp hair. 80% REDUCED SPLIT ENDS* 80% IMPROVED CONDITION OF HAIR* Bedroom – Spiritual Self Care [jcpenney.com]Park B. Smith Decorative Pillow from JC Penney ($50 at JCPenney.com) Surround yourself with positive energy. These cushions give a whole new meaning to pillow talk. Jump into your spiritual setting with uplifting messages like “Dreams are Free” or “Life Is Better When You Are Laughing” or “Life is Beautiful”. Royal Velvet Egyptian Cotton Blanket ($29.99 at JCPenney.com) Cozy up with a good book or journal, and a great mood. Knit blankets aren’t just for grandma’s anymore. They will set serene tone for quality time with yourself, to gather thoughts of positivity and create meaningful me moments setting. Moorea Seal 52 Lists for Happiness ($16.95 at MooreaSeal.com) Share your daily gratitude, triumphs and desires in a beautiful journal to gain valuable self-knowledge. Journaling helps decrease stress and anxiety. This beautiful, open-dated hardcover journal with 52 list prompts, plus bonus pages for your own prompts, encourages you to reflect, acknowledge, and invest in yourself- figuring out exactly what makes them happy. White Lilac Pencils ($15 for pack 6 at WhiteLilacInc.com) She Designed A Life She Loved Pencils, when even your writing instrument proclaims how amazing you are! Bold colors, inspirational quotes that uplift the spirit and remind you to keep going strong Kitchen – Delicious Self Care Capresso Steam PRO Espresso Machine ($59.99 at JCPenney.com) Start or end your day with a perfect espresso, cappuccino or latte, a soothing essential that’s like a warm hug for your insides White Lilac I Love Unicorns Scalloped Dessert Plate ($8 for pack of 8 at WhiteLilacInc.com ) A fun paper plate to remind you to smile, believe in unicorns … and eat your cookies ****colorful, good vibes décor Filed in: Extra, Morning Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Tumblr Reddit Pinterest Email Popular WATCH LIVE: Giraffe watch 2017 reaches day 11; April prepares to give birth at New York zoo WATCH LIVE: April the Giraffe ‘very active’ as she continues to prepare for birth at New York zoo Trucker Dukes, named honorary FDNY firefighter, dies at age 3 WATCH LIVE: April the giraffe ‘changes some behaviors’ as she continues to prepare for birth at New York zoo Latest News Cops find teen fatally shot to the head inside Brooklyn halfway house Suspect who threatened to ‘cut up’ 81-year-old woman during robbery arrested: NYPD For 1st time, Casey Anthony speaks about case Riders express frustrations as LIRR plagued with delays at Penn Station News Why you shouldn’t use cotton swabs to clean your ears Morning Here’s how to sleep better, even when stressed Politics Watch, read the full transcript from President Obama’s farewell speech News Sanctuary restaurants vow to protect undocumented workers Extra Morning Palm oil and the recent Nutella controversy Morning On-Air ‘Sacred Baths’ to revitalize your spirit and open your heart Extra Morning Winter is coming, and it’s wreaking havoc on our skin; save it with these products Politics What are sanctuary cities, and can they be defunded? Extra Morning Five fabulous ways to save on groceries Extra Morning The Moms: Great parental-approved last-minute gifts Extra Morning How to have the perfect pucker on Valentines with lifestyle and beauty expert Valerie Greenberg News Trump gives America’s ‘poorest white town’ hope Extra Morning Ways to maintain work/life balance Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter Instagram About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 220 East 42nd Street New York, NY 10017 212-949-1100 • Copyright © 2017, WPIX • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Crime & Courts Official: Several cell phones stolen from Williamsburg Walmart Cell phones stolen at Walmart York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office The York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office is asking for help identifying a person caught on camera stealing cell phones from the Williamburg Walmart.  The York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office is asking for help identifying a person caught on camera stealing cell phones from the Williamburg Walmart.  (York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office) Sarah J. KetchumContact ReporterDaily Press Privacy Policy The York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office is asking for help identifying a person accused of stealing several cell phones from the Williamsburg Walmart. The theft happened about 8:30 a.m. Feb. 26 at the store at 731 E. Rochabeau Drive, officials said on social media.  The person was caught on camera taking several Straight Talk phones from the store, officials said. Anyone who can recognize the person is asked to call the anonymous Crime Line at 1-888-LOCK-U-UP. Reference case no. 1700701. Caption Hampton officials respond to fires on Power Plant Parkway Hampton officials responded to two fires in the 1600 block of Power Plant Parkway Monday evening, fire spokesman Mick Barilla said. Hampton officials responded to two fires in the 1600 block of Power Plant Parkway Monday evening, fire spokesman Mick Barilla said. Caption Hampton officials respond to fires on Power Plant Parkway Hampton officials responded to two fires in the 1600 block of Power Plant Parkway Monday evening, fire spokesman Mick Barilla said. Hampton officials responded to two fires in the 1600 block of Power Plant Parkway Monday evening, fire spokesman Mick Barilla said. Caption Crews from three departments put out blaze in York Crews from Newport News and Hampton assisted York firefighters in putting out a blaze Sunday at a condo in the Rainbrook Villas neighborhood. The fire in the 200 block of Rainbrook Way, just off of Route 17 in the Grafton area, was called in around 4:20 p.m. Two people were displaced in the blaze and will receive help from the Red Cross, York Assistant Fire Chief Jeff Payne said.   Crews from Newport News and Hampton assisted York firefighters in putting out a blaze Sunday at a condo in the Rainbrook Villas neighborhood. The fire in the 200 block of Rainbrook Way, just off of Route 17 in the Grafton area, was called in around 4:20 p.m. Two people were displaced in the blaze and will receive help from the Red Cross, York Assistant Fire Chief Jeff Payne said.   Caption Newport News police investigating robbery at Luckie's Convenience Store The incident is the fourth robbery investigation in the city in less than 12 hours, according to police reports. Luckie's, at 6210 Chestnut Ave., is in the South section of the city. The other three investigations were in the Central section. The incident is the fourth robbery investigation in the city in less than 12 hours, according to police reports. Luckie's, at 6210 Chestnut Ave., is in the South section of the city. The other three investigations were in the Central section. Caption Newport News police respond to 2nd related robbery at Mary's convenience store Officers from the Newport News Police Department's Central Precinct are responding to the second of two back-to-back business robberies Monday morning. Police responded just after 10 a.m. to Mary's convenience store, at 805 Old Oyster Point Road, according to Master Police Officer Brandon Maynard. Officers from the Newport News Police Department's Central Precinct are responding to the second of two back-to-back business robberies Monday morning. Police responded just after 10 a.m. to Mary's convenience store, at 805 Old Oyster Point Road, according to Master Police Officer Brandon Maynard. Caption Video: 1st Stop Mart in Newport News robbed Newport News police investigate at robbery at 1st Stop Mart, at 811 Main Street, March 6, 2017. Newport News police investigate at robbery at 1st Stop Mart, at 811 Main Street, March 6, 2017. Copyright © 2017, Daily Press Theft Crime Pictures: Mug shots from local arrests Breaking News Videos Interactive timeline: Peninsula area homicides in 2016 Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 51°
News Police: Man wanted in Walmart phone theft The York-Poquoson Sheriff's Office is looking for this man in connection with the recent theft of Straight Talk phones at the Walmart Supercenter on Rochambeau Drive. Ivey, Dennis / Ivey, Dennis / Jimmy LaRoueContact Reporter Privacy Policy The York-Poquoson Sheriff’s Office is looking for a man involved with the recent theft of several Straight Talk phones from an area Walmart Supercenter, according to a York-Poquoson Sheriff’s Office news release. The theft took place around 8:30 a.m. Feb. 26  at the Walmart Supercenter in the 700 block of Rochambeau Drive, the release states. Anyone with information is asked to call the Crime Line at 1-888-LOCK-U-UP or the Facebook Tip Line at 890-4999 and reference case number 1700701. Copyright © 2017, The Virginia Gazette Gazette News Video Gazette News Video Pictures: Williamsburg-area photos from readers VGTV News Community Sports Life Obits Last Word eNewspaper Advertise 52°
EDITION: Int 'l International Int 'l Bahrain BAH Kuwait KUW Oman OMN Qatar QAT Saudi Arabia KSA United Arab Emirates UAE YOU ARE NOT LOGGED IN: Services Log in Not registered? Register now! Username: Password: Remember me on this computer Login Help, I forgot my username and/or password Retrieve password form We can only send passwords to the e-mail address you're registered with. If you can not remember it, or have any other problem, please e-mail registration@arabianbusiness.com Registered e-mail adress: Retrieve password Need to register? Click here Services: Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile Site News Bar Subscriptions Media Information Contact Us LANGUAGE: بالعربية All Articles Videos Photos Companies People Home GCC Bahrain Kuwait Oman Qatar Saudi Arabia UAE Loading... Industries Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy Healthcare Media Real Estate Retail Technology more Transport Travel & Hospitality Loading... Markets Equities Commodities Currencies Market Data Companies A-Z Loading... Opinion Comment Reader Comments AB Cafe Loading... Interviews Banking & Finance Construction Culture & Society Education Energy Healthcare Media Politics Real Estate more Retail Sport Technology Travel & Hospitality Transport Loading... Photos Loading... Videos Loading... Lists Loading... Lifestyle Wellness Arts Cars & Boats Gourmet Gadgets Sport Travel Style Loading... StartUp Loading... CEO Loading... Company News Loading... Property News Listings Property Index Loading... Banking & Finance Construction Education Energy Healthcare Media Real Estate Retail Technology Transport Travel & Hospitality Three GCC firms named among world's top retailers UAE-based Emke Group, which runs the Lulu hypermarket brand, is ranked the biggest in the Middle East Article Photos By Staff writer Friday, 3 March 2017 10:55 AM Yusufali MA, chairman and managing director of Lulu. Three GCC-based retailers have been named in a new list of the world's top 250, with the UAE's Emke Group ranked the Middle East's biggest. Emke, which runs the Lulu chain on hypermarkets and earlier this month announces major expansion plans in Saudi Arabia, posted sales revenue of $6.2 billion. Dubai mall operator Majid Al Futtaim saw revenue of $6 billion while Saudi-based food firm Savola posted $3.6 billion. The companies were ranked 153rd, 160th and 240th respectively in the list which was topped by US giant Walmart which reported revenue of $482 billion for the full-year of 2015, the period used by Deloitte Global in compiling the ranking. The top 250 global retailers generated aggregated revenues of $4.31 trillion in 2015, representing composite growth of 5.2 percent, according to Deloitte's Global Powers of Retailing 2017 report. Herve Ballantyne, partner and consumer & industrial products industry leader, Deloitte, Middle East, said: “The Middle East remains an attractive destination for retailers, with three retailers ranking in Deloitte’s report. "The Africa/Middle East region’s 19.1 percent growth rate and 5.8 percent net profit margin were the highest among the five geographic regions in FY2015,” he added. However, the region also saw the smallest share of top 250 revenue at just 1.4 percent of the total and the joint fewest number of companies in the list (nine). For the third year in a row, revenue growth for the Top 250 apparel and accessories retailers outperformed other product sectors. Historically, this category of retailers has also been the most profitable, and fiscal year 2015 was no exception, the report noted. The report added that the level of retail globalisation appears to be at the same level as the previous year, with two-thirds of Top 250 retailers operating outside their home country borders. On average, they had retail operations in more than 10 countries and derived nearly 25 percent of their composite retail revenue from foreign operations. Follow @ArabianBusiness Related: Stories UAE retail major reveals plan for major Saudi expansion Lulu boss tops Hello! Rich and powerful list Dubai's Majid Al Futtaim to open $722m super-regional mall Saudi's Savola Group slumps to Q4 loss, misses forecasts Galleries REVEALED: 50 Richest Indians in the GCC 2016 - Retail Companies EMKE Group Majid Al Futtaim Holding Savola Group Also in Retail New "smart mall" to open in Dubai's Jebel Ali GCC consumers need to be better protected Also in UAE In pictures: Mohammed bin Rashid visits Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority Emaar pulls down Dubai in early trading Join the Discussion Disclaimer:The view expressed here by our readers are not necessarily shared by Arabian Business, its employees, sponsors or its advertisers. NOTE: Comments posted on arabianbusiness.com may be printed in the magazine Arabian Business Please post responsibly. Commenter Rules No comments yet, be the first! Add your comment (1000 characters left) 
 Your name: Email address:(will not be published) Country: All comments are subject to approval before appearing Submit Further reading EMKE Group Get E-Mail Alerts Majid Al Futtaim Holding Get E-Mail Alerts Retail Get E-Mail Alerts Savola Group Get E-Mail Alerts 100 Most Powerful Arabs Under 40 - Top 5 from Kuwait »         View complete list Photo Galleries Videos In pictures: Mohammed bin Rashid visits Federal Competitiveness and Statistics Authority In pictures: British Museum displays The American Dream In pictures: Street artist Banksy's opened Walled Off hotel in Bethlehem Best of the Day: Pictures from round the world Revealed: Daredevils in Dubai In pictures: Vintage cars at the Antwerp Classic Salon in Belgium The top restaurants in Dubai Catwalk collections on show in Paris In pictures: International Defence Exhibition in Iraq In pictures: Mohammed bin Rashid tours Dubai art festival The best #Mydubai pictures from Instagram Businessman's Guide: Scents that leave an impression Best of the Day: Pictures from around the world In pictures: Andy Murray claims Dubai title In pictures: Gomez of Spain wins triathlon in Abu Dhabi In pictures: Syria's damaged ancient city of Palmyra Video: Trump signs new immigration order excluding Iraq Video: Amazon Space Prime? Bezos to launch delivery service to moon Video: Innovative game controllers on display Inside the latest issue: CEO Middle East | March 2017 Video: This robotic bike wheel will disrupt the urban commute Video: Music returns to Palmyra's ancient amphitheatre after liberation Video: Restaurants in Shanghai uses robots as waiters Video: Despite giving no proof, Trump calls on Congress to probe his wire-tapping claims Video: Gaza's only female comedian faces challenges Video: Uber in London to appeal driver "literacy" ruling Video: Scientists find the oldest evidence of life on Earth? Video: The app that is giving Snapchat a run for its money in Asia Video: Auto makers gear up to bring internet on the road Video: Uber CEO apologises for berating driver Video: Snap said to price shares in IPO at $17 Video: Big reveal for little Rolls-Royce Features & Analysis Saudis tighten their belts for Eid in age of austerity Gov't cuts, which began late in 2015, are now rippling through... New Saudi snow city tests kingdom's capacity for fun Mixed-gender attraction is a rare opportunity for Saudis of all... Retail renaissance in Saudi Arabia The largest economy in the GCC is emerging as a lucrative retail... Most Popular Read Photos Videos Commented 1. Bogus investment duped thousands in largest scam in Abu Dhabi history 2. "UAE will be the most affected by the introduction of VAT", says BMI 3. Qantas takes pork off menu after Emirates tie-up 4. UK daredevil arrested after climbing crane in Dubai 5. Dubai residents to enjoy three months of spring 1. REVEALED: 50 Richest Indians in the GCC 2016 2. Revealed: Daredevils in Dubai 3. In pictures: International Defence Exhibition in Iraq 4. In pictures: Mohammed bin Rashid tours Dubai art festival 5. Best of the Day: Pictures from round the world 1. Video: Despite giving no proof, Trump calls on Congress to probe his wire-tapping claims 2. The yacht of your dreams: Mangusta Gran Sport 44 launched at Dubai Boat Show 3. Video: Travis Kalanick Uber CEO and co-founder in Dubai 1. Al Etihad Credit Bureau working to expose over-leveraged borrowers Most Discussed 24 hrs 7 days 4 weeks 4 Al Etihad Credit Bureau working to expose over-leveraged borrowers good work the credit bureau is putting in... mashallah wish them all the best more Tuesday, 7 March 2017 8:46 AM - I am gay 3 Revealed: SeaWorld Abu Dhabi to open on Yas Island in 2022 When the rest of the world is trying to boycott SeaWorld for it's consistent ill treatment of sealife - a simple google search will show you just what... more Tuesday, 7 March 2017 1:05 PM - Cat 1 Bogus investment duped thousands in largest scam in Abu Dhabi history anything for 6-7% these days be careful. more Tuesday, 7 March 2017 1:04 PM - jamani bg Read all user comments » 9 UAE landlords set to get tougher on rental cheques Some comments one reads here are quite exaggerated and overstated. Take, for example, JRH's description of someone's reaction when he told them the price... more Thursday, 2 March 2017 8:42 AM - WHJ 7 Xanadu acquires 2 million square feet of Dubai Lagoon from Schon After waiting for more than ten years for my apt and paying rent mony for the same years, I hope Schon will COMPENSATE investors whom put their trust and... more Sunday, 5 March 2017 8:49 AM - Houssam 6 Dubai motorists can sometimes be the worst people in the world I thought UAE, specially Dubai has some what better habits than neighboring countries in general. One big issue I find is there is no training... more Monday, 6 March 2017 8:56 AM - Rafi Read all user comments » 21 Dubai likely to lose 'shopper's paradise' status: S&P Looking at the strategy being played out in Downtown and at Dubai Mall it looks like someone has already worked out that the game is up with regard US... more Wednesday, 22 February 2017 1:09 PM - MT3 17 Countdown to VAT: are Gulf businesses ready? I feel with VAT in place from 2018, retailers, SMEs will figure out ways of Tax-evasion as it happens in most of the developing economies unless authorities... more Tuesday, 14 February 2017 1:10 PM - Diya Pardasani 10 Dubai ruler orders 4x4 stunt driver to clean the city's streets 4x4 let me guess. Nissan patrol or Land cruiser black windows. The same who drive into the back of your car on SZR and try to overtake everyone on the... more Wednesday, 1 March 2017 9:09 AM - savio Read all user comments » Visit other ITP Media Group sites AhlanLive.com ArabianBusiness.com/Arabic ArabianBusiness.com/Jobs ArabianBusiness.com/property ArabianIndustry.com ArabianOilAndGas.com ArabianSupplyChain.com ArabianTravelNews.net AviationBusinessME.com CommsMEA.com ConstructionWeekOnline.com ConstructionWeekOnline.in DesignMENA.com DigitalStudiome.com HotelierIndia.com HotelierMiddleeast.com ITP.com ITP.net (English / Arabic) Khabarkhaleeji.com Masala.com TimeOutAbuDhabi.com TimeOutBahrain.com TimeOutDubai.com (English / Arabic) TimeOutDoha.com TimeoutTickets.com Utilities-ME.com VivaMagazine.ae Associated Events Arabian Business Conference Arabian Business Kuwait Awards Architect Awards Arabian Business Awards, KSA, 2010 Arabian Business Women’s Forum CEO Middle East Awards CW Awards FM Awards Hotelier Awards MEP Awards StartUp Academy Supply Chain and Transport Awards Time Out Dubai Nightlife Awards Time Out Restaurant Awards (Abu Dhabi / Dubai) Subscriptions Magazines E-newsletters RSS Feeds » Banking & Finance Construction Travel & Hospitality Real Estate Technology Energy Media Retail Healthcare Education Transport Topics Topics Press Releases All Press Releases Tenders in the Middle East Tenders in the Middle East Join us on Published by & © 2017 ITP Digital Media Inc. All rights reserved. Privacy policy Terms of use Contact us Subscribe Media kit Advertise With Us Press Releases
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com National March 3, 2017 8:35 AM These rattles have been making babies gag —and now they’re being recalled These rattles pose a choking hazard and have been recalled. CPSC i By Chris Cioffi ccioffi@newsobserver.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Parents give kids rattles to keep them occupied, but a new warning advises consumers to immediately take certain rattles away from their young children. At least 680,000 Oball baby rattles have been recalled in the U.S. after some toys reportedly broke and caused young children to gag. The U.S. Consumer Product Safety Commission announced the recall Friday, saying that the firm received 42 reports of the toy’s plastic disc breaking and releasing small beads. Two of the reports said that beads were found in children’s mouths and three said that children gagged on them, according to the commission’s release. The toys were sold for $5 to $7 between January 2016 through February 2017 at Target, Walgreens, Walmart and online retailers including Amazon, Babyhaven.com, Diapers.com, ToysRUs.com, and Walgreens.com. Recalled Oball Rattles include pink, blue, green and orange models with the number 81031 printed on the inner surface of one of the plastic discs and on the packaging, the release said. The balls are 4 inches in diameter, and have 28 finger holes. Embedded in the rattles are a clear plastic disc with all orange beads and two clear plastic discs with beads of varying colors on the perimeter. Rattles included in the recall have the date codes T0486, T1456, T2316, T2856 and T3065 located on a small triangle on the inner surface of the rattle, the release said. For more information, contact Kids II, the company that makes the Oball, at 877-243-7314 from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. ET Monday through Friday. Kids II can also be reached online at kidsii.com. For more information, click on “Recalls” at the bottom of the page. In addition to the 680,000 sold in the U.S., 17,000 were sold in Canada, the CPSC release said. facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:15 Mother fights for changes after death of son to opioids Pause 1:05 Court hearing on Miami-Dade mayor's Trump-friendly policy to jail people slated for deportation 1:15 Underground earth home built to withstand all four seasons 0:50 Dragon and Progress ships race to resupply International Space Station 2:13 Music professor says creative learning can translate to any field 1:50 Trump administration announces new travel ban 0:49 Trump names Alexander Acosta as pick for Labor Secretary 2:08 Inmate tries to choke detention deputy with towel 1:22 In Ecuador, it's the fortresses that need protecting 2:24 Offshore corporations: The secret shell game Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email What to do if you think you have a recalled product There are many numbers and dates on the foods, drugs, cosmetics, and other products we use every day. Some help manufacturers track inventory, while others help retailers ensure quality. But when unsafe products must be removed from the market, these numb Credit: U.S. Food and Drug Administration (FDA) Chris Cioffi: 919-829-4802, @ReporterCioffi Related content LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story National Suggested for you Comments Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:13 Music professor says creative learning can translate to any field Pause 3:09 Millennials ask: What's it like to retire? 5:29 Judgment Day: 9/11 Families to Face Saudis in Court 2:15 Mother fights for changes after death of son to opioids 1:05 Court hearing on Miami-Dade mayor's Trump-friendly policy to jail people slated for deportation 0:50 Dragon and Progress ships race to resupply International Space Station 1:50 Trump administration announces new travel ban 0:49 Trump names Alexander Acosta as pick for Labor Secretary 2:08 Inmate tries to choke detention deputy with towel 1:22 In Ecuador, it's the fortresses that need protecting Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 18 hours ago Underground earth home built to withstand all four seasons 1:15 18 hours ago Underground earth home built to withstand all four seasons 3:09 4 days ago Millennials ask: What's it like to retire? 1:50 5 days ago States Take Tougher Stance on Protests View more video National As his young son dies, a father tries to squeeze a lifetime into a few months Trump signs new anti-terror travel ban _without new fanfare Supreme Court won't say if trans teen can pick bathroom Robert Osborne, genial face of TCM, dead at 84 Families of 9/11 victims might soon get day in court against Saudi officials Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Tech content trusted by users in North America and around the world 7,409 Reviews & Articles | 54,343 News Posts News Technology Gaming Business, Politics & Money Celebrities & Entertainment Health, Lifestyle & Travel Humor Sport Reviews Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Articles Audio, Sound & Speakers Cameras Cases, Cooling & PSU Computer Systems CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs Displays & Projectors Gaming Guides HT & Movies IT/Datacenter Laptops Maker & DIY Mobile Devices Motherboards Networking Peripherals Printers & Scanners RAM Software Storage Trade Shows Vehicles Video Cards Guides Gaming News Action Adventure Editorials FPS Game Performance Articles Puzzle Racing RPG Simulation Sports Strategy Deals Ask The Experts Tweakipedia Forums Cases, Cooling & PSU 80 PLUS Bronze PSUs 80 PLUS Gold PSUs 80 PLUS Platinum PSUs 80 PLUS Silver PSUs 80 PLUS Titanium PSUs Cables & Accessories Cooling Fans CPU Air Coolers CPU Liquid Coolers Editorials Fan Controllers Full-Tower Cases HTPC Cases Mid-Tower Cases Notebook Coolers Open Air Cases Other Cases Other PSUs Small Form Factor Cases Super-Tower Cases Video Card Coolers CPUs, Chipsets & SoCs AMD Chipsets AMD CPUs & APUs Editorials Intel Chipsets Intel CPUs NVIDIA Chipsets Overclocking VIA Chipsets VIA CPUs IT/Datacenter Accessories Editorials HDDs Motherboards Network Adapters Network Storage Network Switches PCIe SSDs Racks & Cases RAID/HBA Server RAM Servers Software SSDs SSHDs Laptops Editorials Gaming Laptops Netbooks (EOL) Standard Laptops Touchscreen Laptops Mobile Devices Cables & Accessories Cases & Covers Editorials GPS Phones Portable Chargers Smart Cameras Software & OS Tablets Wearable Computing Motherboards Editorials NVIDIA Chipset Socket 939 Socket AM2/AM2+ Socket AM3/AM3+ Socket FM1 Socket FM2 Socket LGA 1150/1151 Socket LGA 1155 Socket LGA 1156 Socket LGA 1366 Socket LGA 2011 Socket LGA 775 Peripherals Accessories Editorials Game Controllers Keyboards Mice Mouse Pads Office & Gaming Chairs Software Steering Wheels RAM DDR Memory DDR-2 Memory DDR-3 Memory DDR-4 Memory Editorials SO-DIMM Laptop Memory Storage Accessories Drive Docking Stations Editorials Enclosures/Externals HDDs m.2 SSDs Memory Cards mSATA Optical Drives & Media PCIe RAID RAID/HBA Software SOHO NAS/DAS SSDs SSHDs Thunderbolt USB Drives Video Cards AMD CrossFire Articles AMD Radeon GPU Editorials NVIDIA GeForce GPU NVIDIA SLI Articles Other GPU GIVEAWAY: MSI Z270 GAMING M7 Motherboard & CORE FROZR L CPU Cooler Home News Gaming One game, controller costs almost half of Switch's price A single game and a Pro controller costs almost half of the Nintendo Switch's total $299 price By: Derek Strickland | Gaming News | Posted: 3 days, 19 hours ago Comment | Email to a Friend | Font Size: AA At $299 Nintendo's new Switch console is less than a PS4 or Xbox One, but the system has a galaxy of peripherals, accessories, and controllers that can rack the cost real high real fast.     Buying a Nintendo Switch Pro controller and Zelda: Breath of the Wild cost me $137 at my local Walmart: the Pro controller is $69.99 and Breath of the Wild cost your standard $59.99. That's nearly half of the Switch's total $299 retail price--so in essence I purchased a single game and a single controller for almost 50% of the console's price tag.   So why is the Nintendo Switch Pro controller so much, and why would you buy it when the Switch comes with two JoyCon controllers? The Pro controller sports the JoyCon's motion tracking, gyroscopes, accelerometer and HD Rumble tech in a much more user-friendly package. The controller is comfortable and well-made, and if you plan on getting the Switch to play Zelda: Breath of the Wild then you might want to invest in the device. But the biggest reason to pick it up is simple: gamers are having connection issues with the JoyCons.   I have to make it clear, though: the Switch Pro controller is 100% optional. The included JoyCon controllers will play all games just fine (assuming yours aren't affected by the desync issues!). All in all it's matter of preference, really.   I just wanted to give everyday consumers and gamers a bit of perspective on what to expect with the Switch in terms of cost.     Console launches are traditionally expensive. This is nothing new to the industry--just look at the PlayStation 3's massive price tag, for example. I still remember spending $100 on a 20GB hard drive for the Xbox 360 when it came out in 2005, and $60 for a portable memory card so I could take my saves with me on the go.   But the Switch has a massive array of add-ons, accessories, cases, chargers, tablet holders, straps and much more. Buying into these accessories could skyrocket your costs--but the basic essentials, like the Pro controller and the games--are still somewhat expensive.   Again, though, most of these things are 100% optional and are meant to supplement the console itself.   We'll be rolling out tons of Nintendo Switch coverage in the coming days, so keep an eye out for our content and our feature-length review on the system!   The Nintendo Switch is now available for $299. Check below for a massive catalog of Nintendo Switch coverage.     Everything we know about the Nintendo Switch:     Nintendo Switch runs cool, about 37C under load   Nintendo Switch has 25.9 GB available memory, OS is 4GB   Nintendo Switch may use 4GB LPDDR4 1600MHz RAM   Early Nintendo Switch consoles were actually stolen   Nintendo won't make you rebuy eShop games on the Switch   Nintendo Switch 480p downscale hint at Gamecube VC games   Zelda: Breath of the Wild will be a playground of fun   Satoru Iwata put lots of effort into the Nintendo Switch   Nintendo Switch supports wireless Bluetooth headsets   Zelda: Breath of the Wild has $20 season pass   Nintendo Switch uses 20nm Maxwell Tegra SoC   Nintendo Switch easy for devs, light years past Wii U   Hitman dev may be working on new IP for Nintendo Switch   Nintendo Switch could get Wii U game remasters   3DS supported alongside Switch 'for the time being'   Devs can 'easily' port PC games to the Nintendo Switch   Nintendo Switch JoyCons have 525mAh lithium ion battery   Nintendo Switch is the gamer's dream, says Hideo Kojima   Zelda: Breath of the Wild is about doing things your way   Nintendo Switch has over 100 games in development   Nintendo Switch paid online service only costs $26 a year   Nintendo Switch appeals to Japanese smartphone gamers   New Zelda is based on three words 'climb, live, protect'   EA: Nintendo listening to third-party Switch game devs   First footage of Nintendo Switch's touchscreen in action   Nintendo Switch games lineup: a visual guide   Nintendo Switch replaces Wii U on Nintendo homesite   Nintendo Switch battery life analysis   Resident Evil 7 isn't coming to Nintendo Switch   Zelda: Breath of the Wild's Hyrule is bigger than Skyrim   Zelda: Breath of the Wild has an awesome physics engine   Switch's 4310mAh battery takes 3 hours to fully recharge   Could the Nintendo Switch's hit full potential and boost CPU/GPU power via NVIDIA's cloud servers   Nintendo Switch will have 'steady pacing of content'   Switch is all about 'playing games anywhere with anyone'   Nintendo Switch will have 'steady pacing of content'   Putting Nintendo Switch launch games into perspective   Stock Nintendo Switch JoyConGrip won't recharge JoyCons   The new Zelda game takes up nearly half Switch's storage   Zelda: Breath of the Wild runs at 900p 30FPS docked, 720p 30FPS undocked   Nintendo Switch supports 2TB Micro SDXC cards   Nintendo Switch online chat requires smartphone app   Here's why Nintendo Switch doesn't come with any games   Nintendo will soon charging gamers to play online multiplayer via subscription service   Nintendo Switch UI revealed, let's take a closer look   Nintendo Switch touchscreen has haptic feedback tech   Nintendo stock drops after Switch unveil event   Mario Kart 8 Deluxe on Switch runs at 1080p when docked   Nintendo Switch hardware specs revealed   Nintendo Switch costs $299, coming March 3   Nintendo Switch battery life is 2.5 hours to 6 hours   New Mario: Odyssey game won't be Nintendo Switch launch title   Zelda: Breath of the Wild is Switch launch game   Recommended for You How to hold the Nintendo Switch handheld properly Switch JoyCon specs reveal exact Bluetooth range New Halo game in the works, story not written yet Nintendo Switch warranty hints at game save backups... >> NEXT STORY: Switch Pro controller recharges via USB 2.0 Type-A << PREVIOUS STORY: Ahoy! It's the new 'Pirates of the Caribbean' trailer! Related Tags Nintendo Switch Switch Nintendo Gaming Walmart NVIDIA Got an opinion on this news? Post a comment below! Subscribe to our Newsletter Latest News Posts Windows 10's new insider build has mixed reality support NVIDIA's GTC 2017 will have $30K prizes for VR content GALAX's upcoming GTX 1080 Ti looks GREAT #dowant GTX 1080 Ti overclocked: 63C, Titan X level performance ZOTAC teases 'the fastest' GeForce GTX 1080 Ti is comingView More News Posts Forum Activity AMD Ryzen 7 1700 and 1700X CPU Review AMD Ryzen SSD Storage Performance Preview Please help diagnose POST failure (GA-170X-UD5) Malicious Software Removal Tool MRT | UNISTALL-BLOCK| Samsung SSD 960 PRO NVMe M.2 on GA-Z170X-UD5-THView More Forum Posts Press Releases The next level of cinematic storytelling is hitting the VR film landscape as Lyndsy Fonseca and Tony Denison lead cast in Ilya Rozhkov's VR film AGENT EMERSON ASUS announces ROG Strix GeForce GTX 1080 Ti and Turbo GeForce GTX 1080 Ti Best Buy Canada launches EUROCOM Tornado F5 high-performance laptops available in online store G.SKILL announces Flare X Series and FORTIS Series DDR4 memory for AMD Ryzen ENERMAX intros ETS-N31, the compact CPU cooler with 92mm fanView More Press Releases Home Sitemap Advertising Awards About Contact Price Search RSS FEEDS PRIVACY POLICY & AD CHOICES © 1999-2017 Tweak Town Pty Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Previous Page Next Page
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska U.S. Lighting Products Market is Forecast to Reach US$285.84 bn by the end of 2024: Recent Strategies Aimed at Boosting Use of Solar Power to Create Lucrative Opportunities | TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research Mar 03, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article ALBANY, New York, March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The U.S. lighting products market exhibits the presence of varied players and a large number of retailers. With the leading players vying to gain the lion's share, the U.S. lighting products market exhibits a highly competitive landscape. Moreover, this lighting industry operates at surplus of products, causing fiercer rivalry among players, finds Transparency Market Research (TMR) in a recent study. The Home Depot, Lowes, Target, Wal-Mart, Bed Bath & Beyond, Sam's Club, Menards, and Costco are among the leading market players. Of these companies, The Home Depot emerged dominant holding a share of over 19% in the overall market in 2015. It is currently focusing on its future plans of expanding the presence across the U.S. suburban area. On account of such business policies, The Home Depot's dominance is expected to continue through the report's forecast period. Other companies as well will focus on expanding their regional presence in order to gain sustainable growth in the near future. According to TMR, the U.S. lighting products market, which stood at US$185.65 bn in 2015, is forecast to reach US$285.84 bn by the end of 2024. If these figures hold true, the U.S. lighting products market will progress at a CAGR of 5.0% between 2016 and 2024. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-lighting-products-market.html Residential Lighting Segment to be a Major Contributor to Market's Growth  By standalone type, pace of gains in the others segment is projected to remain the highest through the forecast period. The T8LED tube bulb segment will emerge as the second-lead in the market and held around 26% of the overall market in terms of value in 2016. Based on application, the residential lighting segment emerged dominant in 2015 and is expected to continue leading the market through the forecast period. TMR predicted its overall value-based share to reach over 69% by the end of 2016. The residential lighting segment is expected to gain from the increasing demand for retrofitting in the U.S. Growth Witnessed in Construction Sector to Fuel Demand for Lighting Products  The lighting products market in the U.S. is treading along a positive curve. The rising installation of bulbs and lighting fixtures across major applications will aid the expansion of the U.S. lighting products market. Growth witnessed in the residential and non-residential constructions will thus have an inevitable impact on the overall demand for lighting products. Besides new constructions, the demand for retrofitting advance bulbs and tubes will emerge as a chief market driver. For more information on this report, fill the form @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=185 As the country focuses on propagating energy-efficiency and implements supportive policies, the U.S. will witness a considerable surge in the demand for lighting products across residential, industrial, commercial, and outdoor applications. Given the scenario, the demand for LED tubes and bulbs has accelerated. In the coming years other market segments are prophesized to benefit as well in response to the rising awareness. Further, the market is likely to benefit from the rising purchase of chandeliers and other customizable lighting products aimed at enhancing the aesthetic view of residential and commercial complexes. Further, the growth in the purchase of chandelier and other customized fixture to enhance the aesthetic view of a premises at commercial and residential arena has made the U.S lighting product market attractive for new players. Declining Construction of New Homes Poses Threat to Market  Because the market's success is intrinsically linked with construction activities within an economy, decline in construction of new homes witnessed in the U.S. will have a negative influence in its overall trajectory. This will act as a major growth barrier, threatening the market's expansion in the coming years. Nevertheless, the U.S. is efficiently testing solar powered lighting products to bolster the use of non-renewable resources across industries. Several manufacturing companies are venturing into this practice by providing a wide-range of solar-powered decorative lighting products. This, coupled with investments in technological developments, will aid the lighting products market's expansion in the U.S. in the coming years. Browse Press Release: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/us-lighting-products-market.htm This review is based on a TMR report, titled "Lighting Products Market - U.S. Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024." The report segments the U.S. lighting products market as: The U.S. Lighting Product Market  By Product  By Standalone Type LED Tubes & Bulbs T8 LED tubes & bulbs Others(Incandescent, High Intensity Discharge) By Lighting Fixture Ceiling Fixtures Recessed Lighting Fixture Strip Light Fixture Others (Chandeliers, Pendants, etc.) By Application  Residential Lighting Table Lamp Floor Lamp Desk Lamp Others Commercial Lighting Industrial Lighting Outdoor Lighting (Street Lights, Parking Garage, Landscape, etc.) By Retailers  The Home Depot Lowes Target Wal-Mart Bed Bath & Beyond Sam's Club Costco Menards Top Most Research Reports by TMR:  Lighting Fixtures Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/lighting-fixture-market.html Smart Lighting Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/smart-lighting-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. US Office Contact: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/+Transparencymarketresearch SOURCE Transparency Market Research Mar 06, 2017, 07:30 ET Preview: Worldwide Cloud Robotics Market Will Exhibit a CAGR of 32.4% by 2024; Advent of Advanced Connectivity Technologies Will Help in Mitigating Security Threats, Says TMR Mar 03, 2017, 07:30 ET Preview: Thin Wafer Processing and Dicing Equipment Market to Reach US$692.5 Million by the end of 2024; Despite Continued Usage of Blade Dicing, Laser Dicing to Emerge More Lucrative, Says TMR My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Mar 06, 2017, 09:30 ETPoint of Sale (PoS) Receipt Printer Market Will Exhibit a CAGR of... Mar 06, 2017, 08:30 ETGlobal Gastrointestinal Drugs Market to Reach US$61.1 bn by 2024:... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Electrical Utilities Construction & Building Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: U.S. Lighting Products Market is Forecast to Reach US$285.84 bn by the end of 2024: Recent Strategies Aimed at Boosting Use of Solar Power to Create Lucrative Opportunities | TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research Mar 03, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
null
Skip to main content Search form Search Advanced Search RECIPES Meat & Poultry Comfort Food Soups Breakfast & Brunch Appetizers Salads Side Dishes Desserts Fruits Vegetables Seafood Pasta & Noodles Special Diets DRINKS Wine Cocktails Champagne Coffee Beer Tea TRAVEL Restaurants Wine Regions Around the World Local Flavor HOLIDAYS Chinese New Year Super Bowl Valentine's Day Oscar Party Mardi Gras St. Patrick's Day Easter Passover Kentucky Derby Cinco De Mayo Labor Day 4th of July NEWS CHEFS Cooking Videos Mad Genius Tips EVENTS F&W Classic in Aspen KITCHEN & HOME Cooking Techniques How To Gift Guides SUBSCRIBE Magazine Give a Gift Newsletters Wine Club Latest North Korea Has a Fancy New Japanese Sushi Restaurant Ivana Trump's Ex-Husband Thinks People Will Want To Buy His Pizza ​Lumiere Has Nothing on Jose Andrés' 10-Course 'Beauty & the Beast'-Inspired Dinner​ You Can Take a Maple Syrup Bath at a Spa in Japan ​Canada Recalled a Vodka Because It Had Too Much Alcohol This Is The Beer Drinkers Are Most Loyal To Top Chef Winner Brooke Williamson Says She 'Executed a Really Flawless' Finale Meal Why Is Arby's Putting Fried Fish On Their Massive Meat Sandwich? This Guy Bought the World’s Saddest Bag of Chips For the First Time You Will Be Able To Get Eggslut Sandwiches On The East Coast Home News Previous Nutrition Facts Will Get a Makeover Next Year Next Get Paid to Travel the World and Stay in Luxury Homes Costco Is Hiking Its Membership Fees Latest North Korea Has a Fancy New Japanese Sushi Restaurant Ivana Trump's Ex-Husband Thinks People Will Want To Buy His Pizza ​Lumiere Has Nothing on Jose Andrés' 10-Course 'Beauty & the Beast'-Inspired Dinner​ You Can Take a Maple Syrup Bath at a Spa in Japan ​Canada Recalled a Vodka Because It Had Too Much Alcohol This Is The Beer Drinkers Are Most Loyal To Top Chef Winner Brooke Williamson Says She 'Executed a Really Flawless' Finale Meal Why Is Arby's Putting Fried Fish On Their Massive Meat Sandwich? This Guy Bought the World’s Saddest Bag of Chips For the First Time You Will Be Able To Get Eggslut Sandwiches On The East Coast By Phil Wahba Posted March 03, 2017 Costco Wholesale on Thursday announced a membership fee hike, even as it reported disappointing revenues and profit for its second fiscal quarter. The company, the second largest U.S. retailer after Walmart, will raise the price of its Gold Star membership by $5 per year to $60, and lift its Executive membership fee $10 a year to $120 as of June 1. Costco last increased the fee November 2011 and raises it about every five or six years. The hike was widely anticipated by Wall Street analysts and is revenue that will go straight to Costco’s bottom line: Costco’s 86.7 million card holders spent $2.6 billion on membership fees in fiscal 2016, essentially making up nearly three-quarters of its $3.6 billion in operating income. And the increase could prove to be a boon. Last year, Costco switched its Citi-issued membership credit card to Visa from American Express, making Costco membership available to far more households and vastly increasing Costco’s potential customer base. In a research note earlier this week, UBS predicted consumers would not balk at an increase and noted that the increased incentives from the Visa card, which gives customers 2% cash back on Costco transactions, compared to 1% with the previous AmEx cards, mean that “Costco credit card customers would need to spend just $500 in a year to break even on a $5 membership fee hike.” The Wall Street Journal has reported that J.P. Morgan Chase projects a membership fee increase could add another three to five percentage points to annual earnings growth over the next two years. That would be a welcome boost for a company whose profit growth has slowed in recent years. Still, the news of hike were not enough to overshadow Costco’s results, which sent its shares down 4% in after hours trading. Revenue in the quarter ended Feb. 12, was $29.13 billion, below Wall Street forecasts for $29.86 billion, while earnings per share were $1.17, compared to $1.36. Comparable sales were up 3%, missing expectations for a 3.5% increases. This article originally appeared on Fortune. Previous Nutrition Facts Will Get a Makeover Next Year Next Get Paid to Travel the World and Stay in Luxury Homes Sponsored Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement   Holidays & Occasions Mardi Gras Recipes Mother's Day Recipes Memorial Day Recipes Father's Day Recipes Rosh Hashanah Recipes Halloween Recipes Thanksgiving Ideas Thanksgiving Recipes Holiday Gift Guide Christmas Christmas Dinner New Year's Eve Hanukkah Popular Dishes Sandwiches Snacks Bread Recipes Grain Recipes Bean Recipes Chicken Recipes Quinoa Recipes Chicken Breast Recipes French Recipes Italian Recipes Mexican Recipes Subscribe Subscribe to Food & Wine Give a Gift Subscription Food & Wine Books Get Food & Wine iPad Edition Get F&W Mobile Apps Clubs & Events Food & Wine Connoisseur Club Events F&W Classic in Aspen Best New Chefs Contact Customer Service Contact Us Advertising Careers Time Inc. Affluent Media Group Travel + Leisure Departures Centurion Site Map All products and services featured are selected by our editors. Food & Wine may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. © 2017 Time Inc. Affluent Media Group. All rights reserved. View Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Your California Privacy Rights. Ad Choices. Users of this site agree to be bound by the Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy.
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Computer Electronics | Electrical Utilities | Construction & Building | Surveys, Polls and Research U.S. Lighting Products Market is Forecast to Reach US$285.84 bn by the end of 2024: Recent Strategies Aimed at Boosting Use of Solar Power to Create Lucrative Opportunities | TMR ALBANY, New York, March 3, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The U.S. lighting products market exhibits the presence of varied players and a large number of retailers. With the leading players vying to gain the lion's share, the U.S. lighting products market exhibits a highly competitive landscape. Moreover, this lighting industry operates at surplus of products, causing fiercer rivalry among players, finds Transparency Market Research (TMR) in a recent study. The Home Depot, Lowes, Target, Wal-Mart, Bed Bath & Beyond, Sam's Club, Menards, and Costco are among the leading market players. Of these companies, The Home Depot emerged dominant holding a share of over 19% in the overall market in 2015. It is currently focusing on its future plans of expanding the presence across the U.S. suburban area. On account of such business policies, The Home Depot's dominance is expected to continue through the report's forecast period. Other companies as well will focus on expanding their regional presence in order to gain sustainable growth in the near future. According to TMR, the U.S. lighting products market, which stood at US$185.65 bn in 2015, is forecast to reach US$285.84 bn by the end of 2024. If these figures hold true, the U.S. lighting products market will progress at a CAGR of 5.0% between 2016 and 2024. Obtain Report Details @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/us-lighting-products-market.html Residential Lighting Segment to be a Major Contributor to Market's Growth  By standalone type, pace of gains in the others segment is projected to remain the highest through the forecast period. The T8LED tube bulb segment will emerge as the second-lead in the market and held around 26% of the overall market in terms of value in 2016. Based on application, the residential lighting segment emerged dominant in 2015 and is expected to continue leading the market through the forecast period. TMR predicted its overall value-based share to reach over 69% by the end of 2016. The residential lighting segment is expected to gain from the increasing demand for retrofitting in the U.S. Growth Witnessed in Construction Sector to Fuel Demand for Lighting Products  The lighting products market in the U.S. is treading along a positive curve. The rising installation of bulbs and lighting fixtures across major applications will aid the expansion of the U.S. lighting products market. Growth witnessed in the residential and non-residential constructions will thus have an inevitable impact on the overall demand for lighting products. Besides new constructions, the demand for retrofitting advance bulbs and tubes will emerge as a chief market driver. For more information on this report, fill the form @ http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=B&rep_id=185 As the country focuses on propagating energy-efficiency and implements supportive policies, the U.S. will witness a considerable surge in the demand for lighting products across residential, industrial, commercial, and outdoor applications. Given the scenario, the demand for LED tubes and bulbs has accelerated. In the coming years other market segments are prophesized to benefit as well in response to the rising awareness. Further, the market is likely to benefit from the rising purchase of chandeliers and other customizable lighting products aimed at enhancing the aesthetic view of residential and commercial complexes. Further, the growth in the purchase of chandelier and other customized fixture to enhance the aesthetic view of a premises at commercial and residential arena has made the U.S lighting product market attractive for new players. Declining Construction of New Homes Poses Threat to Market  Because the market's success is intrinsically linked with construction activities within an economy, decline in construction of new homes witnessed in the U.S. will have a negative influence in its overall trajectory. This will act as a major growth barrier, threatening the market's expansion in the coming years. Nevertheless, the U.S. is efficiently testing solar powered lighting products to bolster the use of non-renewable resources across industries. Several manufacturing companies are venturing into this practice by providing a wide-range of solar-powered decorative lighting products. This, coupled with investments in technological developments, will aid the lighting products market's expansion in the U.S. in the coming years. Browse Press Release: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/pressrelease/us-lighting-products-market.htm This review is based on a TMR report, titled "Lighting Products Market - U.S. Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends and Forecast 2016 - 2024." The report segments the U.S. lighting products market as: The U.S. Lighting Product Market  By Product  By Standalone Type LED Tubes & Bulbs T8 LED tubes & bulbs Others(Incandescent, High Intensity Discharge) By Lighting Fixture Ceiling Fixtures Recessed Lighting Fixture Strip Light Fixture Others (Chandeliers, Pendants, etc.) By Application  Residential Lighting Table Lamp Floor Lamp Desk Lamp Others Commercial Lighting Industrial Lighting Outdoor Lighting (Street Lights, Parking Garage, Landscape, etc.) By Retailers  The Home Depot Lowes Target Wal-Mart Bed Bath & Beyond Sam's Club Costco Menards Top Most Research Reports by TMR:  Lighting Fixtures Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/lighting-fixture-market.html Smart Lighting Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/smart-lighting-market.html About Us:  Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. US Office Contact: Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/+Transparencymarketresearch SOURCE Transparency Market Research More by this Source Point of Sale (PoS) Receipt Printer Market Will Exhibit a CAGR of 7.7% by 2025; Demand for Improved Mobility in Retail and Hospitality Sectors to Boost Growth, Says TMR 06 Mar, 2017, 14:30 GMT Global Gastrointestinal Drugs Market to Reach US$61.1 bn by 2024: Rising Demand for Acid Neutralizers to Reflect Positively on Market's Growth, Observes TMR 06 Mar, 2017, 13:30 GMT Worldwide Cloud Robotics Market Will Exhibit a CAGR of 32.4% by 2024; Advent of Advanced Connectivity Technologies Will Help in Mitigating Security Threats, Says TMR 06 Mar, 2017, 12:30 GMT View all news by Transparency Market Research Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Computer Electronics News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
17 nonprofit leaders to watch in 2017 LV Business Cycle Get Smart FAST FACTS: Can Best Buy, Target turn things around? Target turnaround? CHRISTOPHER DILTS / BLOOMBERG Customers push a shopping cart toward the entrance of a Target store in Chicago on May 16, 2016. Target announced Wednesday it is planning to remodel more than 600 of its stores to draw in more customers. Customers push a shopping cart toward the entrance of a Target store in Chicago on May 16, 2016. Target announced Wednesday it is planning to remodel more than 600 of its stores to draw in more customers. (CHRISTOPHER DILTS / BLOOMBERG) Wire, staff reports Can Target and Best Buy turn things around with their new plans for struggling stores? Attempting to survive the challenge from online retailers such as Amazon.com, Best Buy and Target are looking to make big changes to their stores to draw in customers. But not everyone sees this is a viable plan. Some quick facts on how the stores plan to change and what investors and critics think of the plans: Why is the change necessary? More than two-thirds of the U.S. population aged 14 and over will buy something online this year, according to researcher eMarketer. 65 million Americans are already Amazon Prime customers. And foot traffic at malls and stores has dropped considerably as more people strapped for time, shop online. Shortcomings: In its earnings report Wednesday, Best Buy outlined sluggish demand for smartphones and muted reception for wearable devices, as well as an "unprecedented" shortage of popular items, such as drones, tablets and Apple watches. What is the plan? Best Buy said it will expand online operatons, offer more higher-margin services such as its Geek Squad repairs and expand internationally. It has started shipping goods from all of its stores, which speeds up deliveries. Target plans to cut prices, remodel more than 800 stores and open smaller locations in cities and near college campuses to better compete with Amazon and Wal-Mart, and launch new brands. It will also start using its stores as online shipping hubs. Target also plans to offer more consistent low prices on essential items to be more competitive with rival Wal-mart. Caption WATCH: New expressions in origami The Allentown Art Museum presents the opening day of "Above the Fold: New Expressions in Origami” on Sunday, March 5, 2017. Above the Fold is the first traveling exhibition to bring origami installations from around the world to North American audiences. The Allentown Art Museum presents the opening day of "Above the Fold: New Expressions in Origami” on Sunday, March 5, 2017. Above the Fold is the first traveling exhibition to bring origami installations from around the world to North American audiences. Caption WATCH: New expressions in origami The Allentown Art Museum presents the opening day of "Above the Fold: New Expressions in Origami” on Sunday, March 5, 2017. Above the Fold is the first traveling exhibition to bring origami installations from around the world to North American audiences. The Allentown Art Museum presents the opening day of "Above the Fold: New Expressions in Origami” on Sunday, March 5, 2017. Above the Fold is the first traveling exhibition to bring origami installations from around the world to North American audiences. Caption What's next for old Kraft plant in Upper Macungie? Ridgeline Property Group has started demolishing the former Kraft plant at 7352 Industrial Blvd., clearing the way for its plans to build a two-warehouse complex there. Ridgeline Property Group has started demolishing the former Kraft plant at 7352 Industrial Blvd., clearing the way for its plans to build a two-warehouse complex there. Caption Former Kraft Heinz plant begins to crumble Just weeks after the sale closed, landmark Upper Macungie factory’s demolition begins. Just weeks after the sale closed, landmark Upper Macungie factory’s demolition begins. Caption WATCH: 15th annual Spring Eastern Pennsylvania Home Show Home owners attend the 15th annual Spring Eastern Pennsylvania Home Show inside the Agri-Plex at the Allentown Fairgrounds on Sunday, March 5, 2017. The event features 200 companies and vendors.  Home owners attend the 15th annual Spring Eastern Pennsylvania Home Show inside the Agri-Plex at the Allentown Fairgrounds on Sunday, March 5, 2017. The event features 200 companies and vendors.  Caption VIDEO: Video game gambling machines in Pa. casinos Pennsylvania lawmakers are considering whether to legalize gambling machines that look like video games.  Pennsylvania lawmakers are considering whether to legalize gambling machines that look like video games.  The pinch for investors: They may not have the stomach for initial costs. Shares for Target Corp. (TGT) and Best Buy (BBY) dropped in trading Wednesday. Best Buy said its plans will affect profit in 2017. Target cut this year's earnings estimates by about 25 percent and said it wouldn't see profit growth until 2019. What's next: If the retail giants don't figure something out soon, they'll likely go the way of other struggling retailers, like Sears or hhgregg. Investors are likely to see more pain before things turnaround. HHGregg's woes could end up helping Best Buy, eliminating competition. – Compiled by Eileen Faust Information from the Associated Press. Get the inside scoop on the Lehigh Valley's business scene on The Business Cycle, themorningcall.com/business Like on Facebook: facebook.com/LVBizCycle Follow on Twitter: @LVBizCycle Copyright © 2017, Lehigh Valley Business Cycle Best Buy Co., Inc. Target Corp. Amazon.com Inc. RETAIL Breaking Popular Obits Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds Go Guide App 39°
Great Bend Post Great Bend News, Opinion, Video Local News Sports Events Entertainment Other Trading Post Obituaries Great Bend Eats Ernie’s Bar & Grill Granny’s Kitchen Kiowa Kitchen Lone Wolf Restaurant Playa Azul The Rack Billiard Cafe Employment Wall Contact Progress continues on second phase of Great Bend apartments March 3, 2017 by Cole Reif 4 Comments Progress is starting to become more noticeable for the second phase of the Great Bend apartments at The Reserves at Trail Ridge. Both the concrete slabs are in the place and framing continues to go vertical for the housing units at 811 Grant Street, next to Walmart. Matt Gillam serves as the Vice President of Development for Overland Property Group, the acting developer for the apartment. Gillam says the nicer weather has assisted with construction getting ahead of schedule. Matt Gillam Audio https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/gillam-next-1.mp3 Gillam says they are looking for a September 2017 date to have the construction on the 48-unit apartment complex complete. The complex, when all said and done, will consist of 96 units. Gillam says the second phase of building will look exactly the same as the first phase except there will be one-bedroom apartments in the new structure. Matt Gillam Audio https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/03/gillam-next-2.mp3 The new buildings will consist of 12 one-bedroom units, 24 two-bedroom units, and 12 three-bedroom units. The low-income apartment complex is the first apartments built of this size in Great Bend since the 1970s. Questions on the need for more low-income housing, increased crime, and giving the developer Overland Property Group tax credits through a Rural Housing Incentive District (RHID) were potential barricades at the Great Bend City Council meetings. The council approved the RHID with a 6-2 vote. Council member Mike Zinn and Brock McPherson voted against the motion. Share this: Google Twitter Email Facebook Filed Under: Featured, Local Comments I'm Being Ridiculous says March 3, 2017 at 1:16 pm Forward growth….Not so much. Current score: 3 (Please enable JavaScript to vote.) Report this comment Reply charles says March 3, 2017 at 6:03 pm Poice are called there often. Current score: 1 (Please enable JavaScript to vote.) Report this comment Reply DEWEY BALL says March 4, 2017 at 6:12 am There may be problems from time to time but the need for these is great. I think of all those in the High Rise, those waiting to get in and now there another option. I like it. Current score: 0 (Please enable JavaScript to vote.) Report this comment Reply charles says March 4, 2017 at 9:48 am There are not problems there from time to time, there are problems there multiple times daily. Current score: 1 (Please enable JavaScript to vote.) Report this comment Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Copyright © 2017 · Great Bend Post - Great Bend, KS · Powered by Eagle Communications | EEO Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
HOME & GARDEN Don't make these 5 mistakes when buying luxury sheets The McDonalds know their sheets. Jay L. Clendenin / Los Angeles Times We turned to the experts -- Jimmy and Stephanie MacDonald, founders of Authenticity 50, which makes sheets exclusively in the U.S. -- for tips for buying a great set of sheets. We turned to the experts -- Jimmy and Stephanie MacDonald, founders of Authenticity 50, which makes sheets exclusively in the U.S. -- for tips for buying a great set of sheets. (Jay L. Clendenin / Los Angeles Times) Carren Jao We spend as much as one-third of our lives asleep. It only makes sense to invest in a good night’s rest by finding the perfect set of sheets, so we asked Jimmy and Stephanie MacDonald, founders of Redondo Beach-based Authenticity 50, for some tips. The husband-and-wife team has scoured the country for partners that would allow their company to produce bedding made in the U.S., in the process learning what makes a great set of sheets. Unlike other companies that claim their products are made in the U.S.A. based on where their cotton  is grown or their bedding is sewn, Authenticity 50 offers sheets that are made domestically from seed to stitch. The cotton is grown in the San Joaquin Valley;  the thread is spun in Georgia; and the fabric is woven, cut and sewn in the Carolinas. Items are sold online at authenticity50.com with a refund if, after 100 nights, customers aren’t satisfied. Here’s what  the MacDonalds have to say: 1. Extra long cotton fiber is extra better “If you want to have high-quality sheets, you need quality cotton,” says Jimmy. That means extra long staple cotton, a cotton fiber that is 1 3/8 inches or longer. The additional length allows the cotton to be spun into a durable single-ply thread that can then be woven into a softer, finer fabric. Since fiber length is rarely touted, an easy way to check is to see whether the sheets are made of Supima cotton. “The Supima Assn. of America knows every grower it works with, so when you say Supima cotton, it has a verified providence,” Stephanie says. How to fold a fitted sheet Stephanie McDonald, co-founder of bedding maker Authenticty 50, demonstrates a technique for folding a fitted sheet.   Stephanie McDonald, co-founder of bedding maker Authenticty 50, demonstrates a technique for folding a fitted sheet.   See more videos Cotton providence has been a hot topic lately, especially after Walmart and Target dropped products from Welspun India Ltd. over allegations that the manufacturer had mislabeled  sheets as being made of high-end Egyptian cotton. The Cotton Egypt Assn., the organization that licenses and certifies suppliers using Egyptian cotton, estimates that as much as 90% of products labeled “Egyptian cotton” are fakes. The Supima association, on the other hand, has more stringent quality control. 2. Choose percale unless you have sensitive skin “Percale weave is the best to sleep in, except for those with extra sensitive skin,” says Jimmy. Because percale has one horizontal yarn for every vertical yarn in the weave, it results in a more breathable sheet, which can stand up to repeated washing. Sateen, in contrast, features four vertical yarns for every horizontal yarn, which results in a tighter weave and a smoother hand feel, but it can be more susceptible to piling. 3. Count the stitches Construction is key. “Make sure your sheets are not made cheaply,” says Stephanie. A telltale sign of good sheets is the presence of high-grade elastic all around — not just in the four corners. If you’re extra vigilant, break out the ruler and make sure there are 10 or more stitches per inch on your sheets. Or simply peek into the stitching of the pillowcase. “That’ll give you an indication of what the rest of the sheets are going to look like,” says Stephanie. The duvet burrito roll trick Stephanie and Jimmy McDonald, co-founders of bedding maker Authenticty 50, demonstrate their duvet burrito roll trick - a quick and easy way to fit a duvet into its slipcover. Stephanie and Jimmy McDonald, co-founders of bedding maker Authenticty 50, demonstrate their duvet burrito roll trick - a quick and easy way to fit a duvet into its slipcover. See more videos Cheaper sets are made with five to seven stitches per inch. Jimmy says. “More stitches per inch costs more to manufacture, because it takes longer for the sewing machine to finish, but the sheets won’t fall apart after multiple washes.” 4. Wrinkles welcome Wrinkles may be a good thing when it comes to sheets, the MacDonalds say. To create wrinkle-resistant fabric, the sheets are treated with a resin that releases formaldehyde, a chemical closely associated with embalming fluid. “I don’t want to be laying my face in something that’s been cooked in a known carcinogen,” says Jimmy. Rather than search for wrinkle-free sheets, try placing your sheets on your bed as soon as they’re done drying. The leftover heat from the process will help you smooth out the wrinkles by hand. 5. Look for an honest thread count “The highest thread count with a percale weave is 350 and 500 for sateen,” says Jimmy. Anything above that is a marketing ploy where manufacturers use multi-ply yarns instead of stronger single-ply ones. “It’s like braiding hair,” says Jimmy. “You take yarn and spin them together to make one thick yarn to make the fabric. But that creates lower-quality, heavy yarn, which tends to unravel, pill or break.” Given that sly bit of math, an 800-count sheet could really be a 200-count sheet made using four-ply yarn. home@latimes.com Caption Dior Addict Lacquer Stick Peter Philips, creative and image director of Dior Makeup, demonstrates the new Dior Addict Lacquer Stick. Peter Philips, creative and image director of Dior Makeup, demonstrates the new Dior Addict Lacquer Stick. Caption Dior Addict Lacquer Stick Peter Philips, creative and image director of Dior Makeup, demonstrates the new Dior Addict Lacquer Stick. Peter Philips, creative and image director of Dior Makeup, demonstrates the new Dior Addict Lacquer Stick. Caption The snow just keeps coming at mammoth More than 500 inches have piled up at the Eastern Sierra resort. More than 500 inches have piled up at the Eastern Sierra resort. Caption How to fold a fitted sheet Stephanie McDonald, co-founder of bedding maker Authenticty 50, demonstrates a technique for folding a fitted sheet.   Stephanie McDonald, co-founder of bedding maker Authenticty 50, demonstrates a technique for folding a fitted sheet.   Caption The duvet burrito roll trick Stephanie and Jimmy McDonald, co-founders of bedding maker Authenticty 50, demonstrate their duvet burrito roll trick - a quick and easy way to fit a duvet into its slipcover. Stephanie and Jimmy McDonald, co-founders of bedding maker Authenticty 50, demonstrate their duvet burrito roll trick - a quick and easy way to fit a duvet into its slipcover. Caption Danny Trejo's vegan cauliflower taco Actor Danny Trejo's restaurant, Trejo's Cantina, serves up a healthful and tasty vegan taco -- roasted cauliflower and grilled corn with cashews. Actor Danny Trejo's restaurant, Trejo's Cantina, serves up a healthful and tasty vegan taco -- roasted cauliflower and grilled corn with cashews. Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times Eavesdrop on morning rehearsals at the Hollywood Bowl Why all the fuss over bone broth? It's just a fancy name for stock This is what the storm damage in Yosemite looks like, and this is what it means Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 53°
South Africa   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa International   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   LibyaMarketing & MediaMarketing & MediaPR & Communications All industries Marketing & Media South Africa Marketing & Media Africa International Agriculture, Horticulture & Forestry Automotive Building & Construction CSI & Sustainability Education & Training Energy & Mining Finance & Insurance Healthcare Human Resources & Recruitment IT & Telecommunications Legal Lifestyle & Entertainment Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Property & Real Estate Retail Tourism, Travel & Hospitality Advertising Bizcommunitoon Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education & Training Entrepreneur Month Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Focus on Media Magazines Marketing Media Mobile Newspapers Online Media Out of Home PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV With or Without Sugar Youth Marketing All Articles Companies Events Galleries Jobs People Advertise Submit Contact Africa All industries Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism Africa North Africa West Africa East Africa Central Africa Southern Africa   Algeria   Angola   Benin   Botswana   Burkina Faso   Burundi   Cameroon   Chad   Cote D'Ivoire   DR Congo   Egypt   Ethiopia   Ghana   Guinea   Kenya   Lesotho   Libya   Madagascar   Malawi   Mali   Mauritius   Morocco   Mozambique   Namibia   Niger   Nigeria   Rwanda   Senegal   Seychelles   Sierra Leone   Somalia   South Africa   South Sudan   Sudan   Swaziland   Tanzania   Togo   Tunisia   Uganda   Zambia   Zimbabwe International Agriculture Automotive Building CSI & Sustainability Education Energy & Mining Finance Healthcare HR ICT Legal Lifestyle Logistics & Transport Manufacturing Marketing & Media Property Retail Tourism All Agriculture Agri Tech Agribusiness Agro-processing Aquaculture Commercial Fishing Commodities & Fairtrade Fertilisers & GMOs Food Security Forestry Horticulture Sustainability Trends All Automotive Maintenance & Safety Manufacturing & Parts Motorcycles Motoring Reviews Motorsport Petrochemical Retail & Rental Trends All Building Architecture & Design Building Materials & Equipment Construction & Engineering Property Development Smart Buildings & Cities Sustainable Development Trends Utilities All CSI & Sustainability Circular Economy Climate Change Education & Training Environment & Natural Resources Food, Water & Energy Security Health & Welfare Inclusion & Equality Infrastructure and Technology Pollution & Waste Management Sustainability Month Trends All Education Distance Learning E-learning Higher Education Primary & Secondary Education Skills Training Trends All Energy & Mining Energy Markets & Investment Mining Nuclear Power Renewables & Energy Efficiency Science & Engineering Trends All Finance Accounting & Auditing Banking Budget Speech Education & Training Financial Services Fintech Insurance & Actuarial Markets & Investment Taxation & Regulation Trends Venture Capital All Healthcare Aesthetic Medicine Cardiology Chronic Diseases CSI Dentistry Disease Groups Ear, Nose & Throat Emergency Procedures Ethical Medicines Exercise Science Exhibitions & Events Financial Services Food Crisis Gastroenterology Generic Medicines HIV/AIDS Hospital Groups Infectious Diseases Malaria Medical Aid Medical Research Medical Technology Mental health Neurology NPO Nutrition Obstetrics & Gynaecology Oncology Ophthalmology Orthopaedics Paediatrics Palliative care Pharmaceutical Companies Pharmaceuticals Public Health Sports Science Surgical Equipment & Products Surgical Procedures Trends Tuberculosis Women's Health All HR Entrepreneurship HR Tools & Software Labour Law & Unions Management Skills Development & Training Talent Acquisition Trends All ICT App and website development Cloud Computing Cyber Security Data Management Hardware Internet Network Services Software Tech Startups Technology Telecommunications Trends All Legal Competition Law Corporate & Commercial Law Criminal Law Cyber Law Environmental Law Immigration & Citizenship Law Labour Law Land & Property Law Law of Succession Law Practice Legislation Media & Entertainment Law Medical Law Public Liability Tax Law Trends All Lifestyle Art Events Fashion Food & Wine Movies Music Sport Theatre Travel Trends Wellness Win All Logistics & Transport Aviation Cargo & Storage Distribution Fleet Management Public Transport Railway Shipping Supply Chain Transport Trends Warehousing All Manufacturing Industrial automation Machinery Manufacturing Trends All Marketing & Media Advertising Bizcommunitoon Branding Cinema CRM CSI Design Digital Direct Marketing Education Entrepreneur Month Entrepreneurship Events & Conferencing Exhibitions Focus on Media Magazines Marketing Media Mobile Newspapers Online Media OOH PR & Communications Printing Production Promotions Publishing Radio Recruitment Research Retail Sales Social Media Sponsorship TV With or Without Sugar Youth Marketing In the news Enquire about a company press office All Property Commercial Property Industrial Property Market & Investments Property Management Rental Residential Trends All Retail Banking & Finance Branding CGF Global Summit Cold Chain Commercial Property CRM CSI E-commerce eCommerce Awards Exhibitions & Events Fashion, Clothing & Textiles FMCG Franchising Green Sustainability Health & Safety Hospitality Import/Export In-store Media Informal Retailing Manufacturing Merchandising Packaging Refrigeration Regulatory Research Retail Marketing Retail Services Retail Trends Retailers Sales Security Shopfitting Supply Chain Technology Training Trends All Tourism Accommodation Air Travel Catering Food Services Hospitality Restaurant Supply Tourism Tours Travel Trends PR & Communications News Menu News MyBiz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People directory Companies Multimedia News My Biz Press offices Jobs Events Contributors People Companies Multimedia News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Newsletter archive Most read articles Submit news My newsfeed My profile Edit my profile My CV My favourites My portfolio/showcase My followers Following people Press office news Press offices Press office listings Press office info My press office Open a Biz Press Office Jobs offered Jobs wanted My saved jobs My CV Recruiters Companies recruiting Submit a job advert Recruitment login Submit a job Industry events Workshops Other Calendar Submit event Articles Contributors A-Z Contribute Find people People you may know Invite people Edit my profile Company listings Associations My company Press office companies Get a company listing Video Audio Galleries Images Submit your media News Company news In briefs New appointments New business Latest newsletter Most read Subscribe to industry newsletters [Bizcommunitoon] Cell C and Telkom [Jeremy Nell] More... #DesignIndaba2017: The grand finaleTerry Levin #DesignIndaba2017: Designing with empathyLouise Marsland #DesignIndaba2017: Dances with dataTerry Levin #DesignIndaba2017: All the trends and key themesLouise Marsland #DesignIndaba2017: The brain of Brian, an interview with Brian CollinsTerry LevinMore... Top stories TBWA launches virtual entrepreneurship academy in Tanzania What's drawing South African consumers to premium products? #SAFilmReel February 2017: Porteus Xandau's Surrender captures Mike Barnwell's attention Consumer sentiment is paramount to your businessPasqua Heard #BrandManagerMonth: Getting animated about the TV animation industryLeigh Andrews #DesignIndaba2017: The grand finaleTerry Levin #DesignIndaba2017: Designing with empathyLouise Marsland #DesignIndaba2017: Dances with dataTerry Levin First day overdose for Scan Display at EuroShop The 2017 Stokvel Exhibition Bokone Bophirima seeks to grow stokvels within the VTSD areas Is the AI apocalypse a real thing? Improving netiquette, improving communication Local film comes in at number three at box office Guild Concept and Studio announce designers Digitising the cab advertising spaceWarren Weiner The Newsroom enters partnership with Independent Media's leading digital platform, IOL Launch of massively scaled AR platform attracts Beam Suntory #DesignIndaba2017: All the trends and key themesLouise Marsland Power tends to corrupt and absolute power corrupts absolutelyChris Brewer AMASA Joburg March Forum - How efficient is your segmentation model?More Top stories news...  Submit news BizTrends 2017 Download the complete BizTrends 2017 PDFs with over 100 trends contributors across 18 industry sectors. Download PDF | Order printed book #DesignIndaba2017: Li Edelkoort on fashion, textile, home and horticulture trends for 2018 #BizTrends2017: 17 trends for 2017Louise Marsland How far are we from a cashless society in South Africa?Bronwyn Williams #BizTrends2017: Transparency, authenticity and bravery – developing trendsGiles Shepherd More trends... Bizcommunity has over 400 industry contributors and we always welcome further contributions and contributors. Submit news The consequences of this week's Amazon outage 3 Mar 2017 | Save | Email | Print |  PDF     On Tuesday, 28 February at 11:53am PST Amazon's S3 web-based storage service went down across the US-EAST-1 region, a four-hour outage causing major issues for millions of AWS users across the US. During the outage, Apica, an independent third-party website testing, optimisation and monitoring company for mobile and online business performance, monitored the top 100 internet retailer sites and noted the following stats. Key findings: 54 out of the top 100 internet retailers were affected, with a decrease of 20% or greater in performance 3 websites went down completely Express, Lulu Lemon, One Kings Lane Average website load time went from a few seconds to greater than 30 seconds to loadTop online websites load times increased by triple digits: Disney Store - 1165% slower Target - 991% slower Nike - 642% slower Nordstrom - 592% slower Victoria Secret - 353% slowerYet Apple, Walmart, Newegg, Bestbuy, Costco and, surprisingly, Amazon/Zappos were not affected by the outage. Snapshot image of performance before and during the attack on the Disney store. Catching outages is difficult and almost uncontrollable, but implementing performance can pinpoint whether images, video, third party or servers go down. Some of the companies above were able to spot-check and evaluate the performance of their site while down. This helped them generate a work-around or quickly use images from the local server. For marketers, degradation in website performance means lost revenue. It is as simple as that. Consumers are very sensitive to how web pages perform. 34% of consumers say they would abandon a website that takes over 10 seconds to load. During the Amazon outage, some of the world’s largest sites took over 30 seconds to fully load their home pages. It is critical that marketing and technical teams work together to develop a contingency plan for when a third-party provider goes down. One of the dangers of moving to the cloud is an overreliance on a single cloud vendor. Companies can deploy a multi-cloud strategy to mitigate issues when one or more of their vendors have an outage. When the inevitable outage happens, marketing teams should have a communication plan in place for their visitors and customers. They need to promptly communicate when and why service degradation occurs and what steps are being taken to resolve it. Beyond the obvious revenue impact of an outage, a company can suffer irreparable harm to their brand. The way a company responds to an outage can greatly influence how much consumers trust the brand. For example, the tech community generally viewed Amazon’s response to the outage as unsatisfactory. Their status pages showed green lights for services that had been experiencing major issues for over an hour. While a company like Heroku, which heavily relies on Amazon services, was praised for how quickly and transparently it responded to the outage. Brands need to be proactively monitoring their website from an end-user perspective. If they quickly discover the problem, they can take steps to mitigate the impact. A company can deploy a multi-cloud strategy and shift traffic away from vendors that are experiencing issues. Another key point is the need for a crisis communication plan. By proactively communicating when and why an outage occurs and what mitigating steps are being taken, a brand can come out stronger after an outage. If a problem happens, a quick response, clear communication, and transparency can increase the trustworthiness of a brand in the eye of consumers. ‹    Like Save Email Print PDF Comment on thisComment Comment guidelines and disclaimer LEGAL DISCLAIMER: This Message Board accepts no liability of legal consequences that arise from the Message Boards (e.g. defamation, slander, or other such crimes). All posted messages are the sole property of their respective authors. The maintainer does retain the right to remove any message posts for whatever reasons. People that post messages to this forum are not to libel/slander nor in any other way depict a company, entity, individual(s), or service in a false light; should they do so, the legal consequences are theirs alone. Bizcommunity.com will disclose authors' IP addresses to authorities if compelled to do so by a court of law. Related What's drawing South African consumers to premium products? Is the AI apocalypse a real thing? Issued by FirstPencil #SAFilmReel February 2017: Porteus Xandau's Surrender captures Mike Barnwell's attention Guild Concept and Studio announce designers News Show more Subscribe Receive free email newsletter Make us your homepage Add us to your favorites RSS feed Get biz on your phone Follow us Invite Tell a friend about us News Articles News by industry Company news Cartoons Events In briefs Galleries Newsletter archive Ornico ad showcase Reviews Trends Community Companies Contributors Portfolio showcases Forums Jobs Jokes Noticeboards People Polls Social media Submit News Company Job ad Op-ed contribution Portfolio showcase New business New appointment Event listing Gallery Noticeboard MyBiz Account Home My company listing My job ads My newsfeed MyBiz CV MyBiz Favourites MyBiz Profile Subscribe to news My newsletters Customise newsletters Advertise Product overview Website Newsletters Press offices Recruitment Special products Download ratecard Contact us Bizcommunity About us Contact us Send us news Our Biz Press Office Follow us Feedback Join us ADSL & Web hosting proudly provided by Afrihost. All rights reserved. Copyright © 2017. Bizcommunity.com, its sponsors, contributors and advertisers disclaim all liability for any loss, damage, injury or expense that might arise from the use of, or reliance upon, the services contained herein. Privacy policy, Terms of Use, PAIA.
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Costco same-store sales miss as price war heats up Gayathree Ganesan and Sruthi Ramakrishnan, Reuters Mar. 3, 2017, 7:02 AM 18,538 facebook linkedin twitter email print Shoppers in Costco in Fairfax, Virginia, in 2010.Reuters/Larry Downing The warehouse club retailer Costco Wholesale Corp. reported lower-than-expected quarterly comparable-store sales and profit as big grocery chains competed fiercely to attract customers with lower prices. The company's shares fell about 4% to $170.80 in extended trading on Thursday. The price war in the industry has intensified, with Walmart Stores Inc. reportedly running a new price-comparison test to knock out competition from grocery chains and big-box retailers. The cutthroat competition has already hit the supermarket operator Kroger Co., which reported its first decline in quarterly comparable sales in 13 years on Thursday. Costco's total same-store sales rose 3% in the second quarter, which ended February 12, excluding the impact of changes in gasoline prices and foreign exchange. Analysts on average were expecting 3.2% growth, according to the research firm Consensus Metrix. Costco said it would raise annual fees by $5, to $60, for Goldstar and business members and by $10, to $120, for executive memberships from June 1. The fee increases will affect about 35 million members, roughly half of them executive members, the company said. Membership fees accounted for about 72% of the Costco's operating income in 2016, according to the company's latest annual filing. Net income attributable to Costco fell to $515 million, or $1.17 a share, in the latest quarter from $546 million, or $1.24 a share, a year earlier. Excluding items, Costco earned $1.17 a share, while total revenue rose 5.7% to $29.77 billion. Analysts on average had estimated adjusted earnings of $1.36 a share and revenue of $29.86 billion in the quarter, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. Costco performed well in the past two quarters, despite a tough environment for retailers, as it partly benefited from paying lower fees to its credit-card partner Visa Inc. The company completed the switch to Visa from American Express Co. during the fourth quarter last year. (Reporting by Gayathree Ganesan and Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru; Editing by Anil D'Silva) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: Prosecutor accuses Samsung chief of conspiring to hide millions of dollars in bribes (SSNLF) The world's largest tech fund is considering a $1 billion plus investment in WeWork Silicon Valley is financing the fight against Trump's immigration policy (BOX, NFLX, MSFT, AAPL) Samsung just recalled nearly 3 million washing machines because they might explode U.S. to meet target of admitting 10,000 Syrian refugees: White House SEE ALSO: The collapse of retail chains is leaving America's shopping malls empty NOW WATCH: People are obsessed with this convenience store that's only in 6 states Loading video... More: Costco Earnings facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Costco same-store sales miss as price war heats up Costco same-store sales miss as price war heats up The warehouse club retailer Costco Wholesale... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured A Nobel Prize-winning biologist reveals the biggest mistake she made early in her career More "Idea Factory" » We just created the best Google Chrome extension on the market for latest news headlines More "BI Innovations" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Opinion L.A. Observations and provocations from The Times' Opinion Staff Opinion Opinion L.A. Opinion I shaved my beard after the Kansas shooting to avoid appearing Muslim. These are the shameful realities of our time Cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla Mahesh Kumar A. / Associated Press On Feb. 28 in Hyderabad, India, two men hold placards in front of the cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, a 32-year-old engineer who was killed in an apparently racially motivated shooting at an Olathe, Kansas, bar. On Feb. 28 in Hyderabad, India, two men hold placards in front of the cremation pyre of Srinivas Kuchibhotla, a 32-year-old engineer who was killed in an apparently racially motivated shooting at an Olathe, Kansas, bar. (Mahesh Kumar A. / Associated Press) Prajwal Parajuly I first landed at the Kansas City airport in the wee hours of Jan. 7, 2003. I’d soon be starting university at a small liberal arts school in Kirksville, Mo., a three-hour road journey from Kansas City. It was my first time in the Midwest. It was my first time in America. I was sleep-deprived. The airline had lost my bags. I didn’t want to spend money on a hotel room. I’d have to wait at the airport until it was light. The school shuttle was scheduled to pick me up at 11 a.m. Friends and family in India often asked me why I’d go to the American Midwest for college. My reasons were simple. My high school grades were awful; they’d never get me into a good college in India. I’d Googled some combination of “award-winning+student+newspaper,” and Truman State University came up. It was the only school I had looked into. Without letting my parents know, I applied to it and was offered a scholarship. I told my parents about my plans only after I had been accepted. They were concerned. They would have been fine were I heading to the East or West Coast. They had heard stories — horror stories — about the American Midwest. They claimed these stories became more gruesome the farther you went from a big city. Kirksville was far from any big city — one had to drive an hour and a half to get to an Indian restaurant. My parents were afraid of racism. They were afraid of guns. They were afraid for me. I told them they had nothing to worry about, but 9/11 was still fresh in everyone’s mind. It wasn’t Islamic terrorism as much as the treatment of brown-skinned people that caused my family concern. My Hindu parents were afraid I’d be mistaken for a Muslim.  Indians' worst fears — about our brownness being a liability — have been realized. But I was in a college hungry for diversity. Most of my peers were from small-town America, the kind of people who responded to “Do you like Indian food?” with “I’ve never eaten Indian, but I’d like to try it.” Many were the kind who gave you a ride to Wal-Mart and asked that you repay the favor by accompanying them to church next Sunday. Many had never been on a plane. Some had never been outside the state. All were accepting. All were curious. All wanted to know more about other cultures. I showed some of these people how to eat with their fingers. On our weekly phone calls, my parents often asked about racial discrimination. There’s none, I’d say. A few minor incidents had occurred — when a cohort’s computer stopped working in the middle of a PowerPoint presentation, she asked me, and no one else in the 30-strong class, if I’d be able to help — but they came from ignorance, not malice. If anything, they were good conversation fodder. Soon, my parents stopped asking me about racism. My senior year of college, I interviewed for an account executive position at the Olathe Daily News. I’d heard of Olathe, a Kansas City suburb that was safe, wealthy and idyllic. I was happy to start my career there. To celebrate a successful interview, a few friends and I went out. A number of us had just turned 21, so we had started going to bars. I’d graduate soon. I had a well-paying job lined up. Life was great, I reflected, as I ordered another drink. That’s when the comment came. Its source was a tattooed man in shorts. He may have had only half his teeth, but I could be wrong. “[Damn] 9/11 people —what are we doing allowing them in the bar?” he spat out, using an expletive unfit for publication. His friends laughed. My friends were horrified. “Let’s leave,” someone said. “We are so sorry,” another remarked. “Naah. Let’s stay,” I said. “He’s entitled to an opinion. It’s not like he will shoot me.” That was 2006, a different time. We were naive. Last week, some maniac in Olathe, the place I was supposed to start my career, killed an Indian thinking he was Middle Eastern. The president of America finally deigned to condemn the incident. In India, we are all pretty shaken. Our worst fears — about our brownness being a liability — have been realized. A few days ago, I took an international flight. The morning of my journey, I did something I had promised myself I’d never do: I shaved my beard so I wouldn’t be mistaken for a Muslim. I felt like a coward, but I shaved. I yearn for an era when I thought racism meant someone asking me if I was good at fixing computers because I was Indian. I yearn for a time when victims of racist comments had the confidence to linger in bars because they were sure no one would shoot them. Prajwal Parajuly is the author of “Land Where I Flee” and “The Gurkha's Daughter.” He lives in New York, London and Kolkata, India. Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Can Trump's White House investigate itself? Tuesday is election day in L.A. County. What California needs to do to dramatically reduce its emissions by 2030. Federal agents raided a charter school network in January -- what drew the scrutiny?  Can Trump's White House investigate itself? Tuesday is election day in L.A. County. What California needs to do to dramatically reduce its emissions by 2030. Federal agents raided a charter school network in January -- what drew the scrutiny?  Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss Can Trump's White House investigate itself? Tuesday is election day in L.A. County. What California needs to do to dramatically reduce its emissions by 2030. Federal agents raided a charter school network in January -- what drew the scrutiny?  Can Trump's White House investigate itself? Tuesday is election day in L.A. County. What California needs to do to dramatically reduce its emissions by 2030. Federal agents raided a charter school network in January -- what drew the scrutiny?  Caption Funeral service for Whittier police Officer Keith Boyer Funeral services were held at Calvary Chapel in Downey for Whittier police Officer Keith Wayne Boyer, who was killed in a gun battle that left a second officer and the suspect wounded. Funeral services were held at Calvary Chapel in Downey for Whittier police Officer Keith Wayne Boyer, who was killed in a gun battle that left a second officer and the suspect wounded. Caption Traders discuss price of SNAP on floor of NYSE Traders on floor of New York Stock Exchange discuss the price of SNAP on day of IPO. Traders on floor of New York Stock Exchange discuss the price of SNAP on day of IPO. Caption Weekend Roundup: 7 stories you can't miss Revisiting the North Hollywood shooting that changed how LAPD and police at large operate. Trump's real goals when it comes to his executive orders. Joe Davis, the Dodgers' new lead voice, won't try to be Vin Scully. Apathy abounds as L.A. vote nears. Angels Flight will reopen. Disney theme parks soon will get a whole lot of Marvel. Snapchat maker Snap Inc. makes its Wall Street debut.  Revisiting the North Hollywood shooting that changed how LAPD and police at large operate. Trump's real goals when it comes to his executive orders. Joe Davis, the Dodgers' new lead voice, won't try to be Vin Scully. Apathy abounds as L.A. vote nears. Angels Flight will reopen. Disney theme parks soon will get a whole lot of Marvel. Snapchat maker Snap Inc. makes its Wall Street debut.  Caption 90 seconds: 4 stories you can't miss L.A. company behind Snapchat is worth nearly $24 billion, Disney theme parks soon to get a whole lot of Marvel, Angels Flight expected to reopen, and Republicans still waiting on Trump. L.A. company behind Snapchat is worth nearly $24 billion, Disney theme parks soon to get a whole lot of Marvel, Angels Flight expected to reopen, and Republicans still waiting on Trump. Follow the Opinion section on Twitter @latimesopinion and Facebook. Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, Los Angeles Times India Racism Trump's revised travel ban is no less misguided and self-defeating than his previous version All Trump has to do is sound presidential to get everything he wants. Instead, he logs on to Twitter How a too-strong presidency and a too-weak Congress are destroying the American experiment Most Popular Local Sports Entertainment Politics Opinion Place An Ad 53°
null
BizReport.com | IT Research Library | Free Magazines | Jobs about us | ad info Subscribe to BizReport Receive our email newsletter with breaking news, in-depth reports & interviews: Get our RSS feed Search BizReport News by Topic Marketing Advertising Search Marketing Email Marketing Loyalty Marketing Mobile Marketing Social Marketing Viral Marketing Trends & Ideas Internet Marketing 101 Beyond Marketing Blogs & Content Domain Names E-commerce Internet Law & Regulation Research White Papers Magazines Jobs BizReport : : March 03, 2017 Physical gift cards remain dominant choice A new report from the National Gift Card Corp reveals that, while digital gift cards continue to rise in popularity, they still account for a very small percentage of overall gift card formats for which loyalty points are redeemed. by Helen Leggatt In their summary of gift card activity in 2016 for both physical and digital gift cards, the National Gift Card Corp reveals that big box retailers are the primary sellers of gift cards, and that physical gift cards are by far the most common format sold. Walmart is the most popular physical gift card reward option. "The general consumer market who shops at the leading big box stores do so because they want the physical shopping experience of those brands," says Eric Thiegs, president of the National Gift Card Corp. "This audience will continue to translate to those individuals selecting a physical gift cards as the ideal reward method, especially for self-use." However, as those big box retailers shift resources to ecommerce activity, there is little doubt that digital gift cards will also see an uptick in use. However, as it stands, most consumers (85%) prefer plastic gift cards. "There's a substantial population of Gen X and Baby Boomers who prefer to redeem their points, miles and cash back rewards for physical gift cards. More Millennials select eGift card rewards, but there is also some digital backlash as end-users experience eCard technology issues, training gaps at the point of sale, confusion with mobile wallets, or even fraud," said Thiegs. "The world is digital, and loyalty programs will need to continue evolving to provide choices for both physical and digital reward options, but physical gift cards will continue to be perceived by many to be the safest and most universal option for years." News in your inbox Tags: eGift card, gift card, loyalty marketing, retail Tweet No Comments Email to a friend Print this article Subscribe to BizReport Please enter your e-mail here: Email this article to: Your email address: Message (optional): Latest Headlines Brand satisfaction key to email subscriber retention OTA mobile traffic outpaces desktop in UK and Italy Ecommerce leading way for more 3rd party sellers SendGrid: Mobile key for email campaigns Third of publishers still falling foul of FTC native ad guidelines Cybersecurity adoption increasing fastest among small businesses Expert: How programmatic direct is changing 28% of UK insurers fail to optimize website for mobile More... Featured White Papers Learn Why 83% of Advertisers Are Reporting Superior Outcomes With People-Based Ads Traditional digital display advertising doesn't work. The information in this report is based on an online survey of 350 senior... 2016 Email Marketing Metrics Benchmark Study To build a world-class marketing program, it's crucial to compare yourself to the best performers - but competitor data can... 10 Ways to Use Customer Lifetime Value to Reinvent Your Marketing Strategy CLV insights can help you to attract high-margin customers, target clusters of customers with untapped value, and retain high-value customers... 16 Innovative Loyalty Programs of 2016 Engaging customers in a loyalty program is no easy feat. Read how 16 brands grabbed headlines in 2016 by launching... BizReport Research Library Download the latest marketing research & free white papers Ad Networks Email Marketing Search Marketing Website Analytics Ad Serving Search Engines Viral Marketing Website Development Most Popular White Papers BizReport.com | IT Research Library | Free Magazines © 1999- BizReport. All Rights Reserved | Privacy Policy | Disclaimer http://www.bizreport.com/2017/03/physical-gift-cards-remain-dominant-choice.html     Copyright © 1999- BizReport. All rights reserved. Republication or redistribution of BizReport content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent. BizReport shall not be liable for any errors in the content, or for any actions taken in reliance thereon.
Sections Search Help/Info Subscribe: Digital | Home Delivery Subscribe Help/Info     Breaking News Bar   Columns posted: 3/3/2017 5:00 AM Wheeling cop opens new battlefront in war on scammers Facebook Twitter 200 Email Print Comments 0 hello Article to: (required) Article from: (required) Add a message (optional) Success - Article sent! close   Wheeling police Crime Prevention Officer Scott Laverd is posting signs in stores such as Walgreens, Target and Wal-Mart warning patrons about possible scams involving prepaid cards. "This is one of those instances where prevention is everything," he said. Mark Welsh | Staff Photographer   Wheeling police Crime Prevention Officer Scott Laverd hopes these stop signs he's posting in stores throughout the community let people know when they might be the victim of a scam. "Hopefully it will draw people's attention," he said. Mark Welsh | Staff Photographer   Charles Keeshan and Susan Sarkauskas     As regular readers of this column know, there's no shortage of warnings and tips from police and consumer advocates about how to avoid getting scammed. And yet people -- seniors especially -- continue to get ripped off at an alarming clip. The FBI estimates that dishonest telemarketers take in $40 billion each year, and AARP says about 80 percent of the victims are 50 or older. Wheeling police officer Scott Laverd is trying to reduce those numbers. Laverd, Wheeling's crime prevention officer, this week began hanging red "Stop" signs at businesses where potential victims might be directed to wire money or purchase gift cards to send to con artists. "We can write all the newspaper articles and hold all the seminars in the world, but that's just scratching the surface (of reaching potential victims)," Laverd told us. "We want to put these signs right at the point of sale. Hopefully it will draw people's attention." It might be a scam Wheeling Crime Prevention Officer Scott Laverd is hanging this sign in local businesses to warn people that they might be victims of scam if they're wiring money or buying a gift card at the direction of someone who called them. - Courtesy of Wheeling Police Department The sign asks customers if they're buying a gift card to avoid trouble with the IRS, get a relative out of jail or avoid a utility shut-off -- common scare tactics used by phone scammers to get your money. "ASK YOURSELF: Have you ever paid one of these bills with a gift card, Western Union or MoneyGram? If not, IT MIGHT BE A SCAM," the sign reads. Laverd said store clerks often are trained to look out for scam victims, but they're sometimes understandably reluctant to confront customers. So far, he said, Walgreens and Wal-Mart have welcomed the signs. "The reality is, once the money is gone, it's gone," he said. "There's very little chance of getting it back. This is one of those instances where prevention is everything." Gliniewicz bill advances   Melody Gliniewicz at the 2015 funeral of her husband, Fox Lake police Lt. Charles Joseph Gliniewicz. Legislation inspired by the outcry of her potentially receiving nearly $70,000 a year from her husband's pension has passed the state House. - Patrick Kunzer | Staff Photographer, 2015 State legislation inspired by the scandal surrounding Fox Lake police Lt. Charles "Joe" Gliniewicz's pension unanimously passed the House last week and is headed for the state Senate. The bill, sponsored chiefly by Barrington Hills Republican state Rep. David McSweeney, would prohibit people from receiving public employee survivor benefits if they are convicted of a felony involving the service of a spouse. It was prompted by the outcry over news that Gliniewicz's widow, Melodie, stands to collect about $70,000 a year from her husband's death. That's despite the fact she's charged with multiple felonies linked to her husband's theft of thousands of dollars from the Fox Lake Explorer program. Joe Gliniewicz killed himself in September 2015, staging the suicide to appear as if he were killed in the line of duty, in an effort to prevent disclosure of his crimes, authorities say. McSweeney's bill would apply to future cases -- not that of Melodie Gliniewicz. "The case of Lt. Gliniewicz and his wife was a national embarrassment for the people of Lake County and our state," said Grayslake Democratic state Rep. Sam Yingling, another of the bill's sponsors. "But what happened afterward with Melodie Gliniewicz trying to collect her husband's pension felt like a slap on the face to many Lake County taxpayers. It's common sense that those who help their spouses commit fraud against the taxpayers should not have their retirements funded by the taxpayer. End of story." McHenry deputies honored Sgt. Tony Penna, left, and Deputy Michael Urgo of the McHenry County sheriff's office are co-recipients of the 2016 McHenry County Officer of the Year Award. - Two McHenry County sheriff's deputies who showed courage during a run-in with an armed murder suspect last year are sharing the 2016 Officer of the Year award handed out by the McHenry County Chiefs of Police Association. Sgt. Tony Penna and Deputy Michael Urgo were working with the U.S. Marshals Great Lakes Fugitive Task Force on April 15 when they learned a stolen vehicle driven by double homicide suspect Gerald Boyes had been spotted in McHenry County. Penna and Urgo, joined by a pair of Lake County deputies, tracked the car to an Antioch bar and tried to arrest Boyes. Boyes reached for a gun, leading the deputies to open fire and kill him. Boyes was the main suspect in the slayings earlier that week of his father and his friend in Kentucky. McHenry County Sheriff Bill Prim said Penna and Urgo may have prevented more violent crime by the younger Boyes. "Desperate behavior would only come naturally in that situation, and he could lash out at anyone," Prim said. Foxx enacts bail reform   Cook County State's Attorney Kim Foxx is enacting reform aimed at releasing people who are locked up on nonviolent offenses only because they can't afford bail. - Bob Chwedyk | Staff Photographer, 2016 Cook County State's Attorney Kimberly Foxx announced Wednesday her office is joining the growing effort to reform the bail system that critics say unnecessarily keeps nonviolent suspects locked up and costs taxpayers millions. Foxx said prosecutors in her office will support issuing recognizance bonds, aka "I-bonds," in cases for defendants detained in the county jail for lengthy periods because they can't pay bail of $1,000 or less. An I-bond allows a person to be released on a promise to return to court when ordered. "Public safety is best served by detaining those who pose a threat to our communities rather than jailing those who are simply poor and unable to post bond for nonviolent offenses," Foxx said. "This costs taxpayers millions of dollars per year, and does not serve public safety." Foxx joins a growing number of county officials, including Sheriff Tom Dart and county board President Toni Preckwinkle as well as Illinois Supreme Court Chief Justice Rita B. Garman, calling for reform of the pretrial release system. • Got a tip? Have a question? Please email Charles Keeshan and Susan Sarkauskas at copsandcrime@dailyherald.com, or call our tip line at (847) 427-4483. Tweet This article filed under: News Fox Lake Wheeling Crime Charles Keeshan and Susan Sarkauskas Cook County McHenry County Article Comments () Guidelines: Keep it civil and on topic; no profanity, vulgarity, slurs or personal attacks. People who harass others or joke about tragedies will be blocked. If a comment violates these standards or our terms of service, click the X in the upper right corner of the comment box. To find our more, read our FAQ. News Sports Business Entertainment Lifestyle Opinion Follow Us Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn YouTube About Us Subscribe | Customer Services | Feedback | Advertise | Jobs at Daily Herald | Terms of Service | Privacy Policy | Copyright © 2017 Paddock Publications, Inc.   Winner - 2015 Best Website Illinois Press Association Sections Search Help/Info close Home» Today's stories E-Edition Photos Videos Communities Weather Latest Weekly Ads Sponsored Content 2016 Readers' Choice News» Cook County DuPage County Kane County Lake County McHenry County Crime Chicago State & Region Nation & World Obituaries Politics Sports» High School Bears Blackhawks Bulls Cubs White Sox Horse Racing Fire Sky Wolves Prep Basketball Prep Football Business» Stocks & Markets Finance Health Technology Real Estate Foreclosures Property Transfers Industry Insights Community Publications Progress 2015 Entertainment» Celebrities Movies Dining Literature Music Puzzles Television Theater Events Calendar Suburban Chicago's Got Talent Short & Sweet Theater Reviews Oaklee's Family Guide Lifestyle» Food Health & Fitness Home & Garden Suburban Parent Travel Classic Cars Celebrations Cook of the Week Challenge Fittest Loser Room for Living Oaklee's Family Guide Opinion» Letters to the Editor Editorials Classifieds» Place an Ad Autos Real Estate Jobs Property Transfers Merchandise for Sale Business Service Directory Garage Sales Announcements Legal Notices Obituaries» Recent Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Shopping» Today's Ads Weekly Sales Flyers Local Businesses Garage Sales Search DailyHerald.com for articles More ways to search Daily Herald Obituaries Search DailyHerald.com obituaries. » Daily Herald newspaper archive Find archived newspaper articles back to 1901. » Digital Subscriptions Activate Subscriber Access Purchase a Digital Subscription Home Delivery Start a New Subscription Manage Account
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Remaking The Q Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments My autistic sister has a voice that needs to be heard: Kyra Ann Dawkins (Opinion) The force was strong with those who aided Autism Speaks event Bay Village United for Tolerance carried their banner, "Respect for all is a Bay Village Value," throughout the 2014 Autism Speaks Walk in Cleveland. (Lynn Ischay/The Plain Dealer) Print Email Guest Columnist/cleveland.com By Guest Columnist/cleveland.com The Plain Dealer on March 03, 2017 at 5:44 AM comments Now, I know that it is not my responsibility to answer people's questions about Kendra. Kyra Ann Dawkins is a freshman at Columbia University.Kyra Ann Dawkins  SOLON, Ohio -- My sister Kendra is not voiceless. She and I both know that. But when we step into the world of fragile first impressions, many people assume otherwise. They assume that, because they are confused by her sing-song noises in Bob Evans, her mad dashes through the Walmart aisles, or her huge splashes in the community pool.  People are afraid to deal with what they do not understand. It is much easier for them to simply define Kendra as autistic and non-verbal. They use the labels to justify their ignorance and move on with their lives. They call her voiceless because they think the communication gap between her and them is too large. If only they would give her the chance to respond. Shakespeare and autism (2013) I used to believe that it was my job to speak for Kendra. As her older sister, I figured that I had to advocate for her needs. Whenever someone asked me about her, I tried to respond to the best of my ability, even if it meant fabricating the answer. I wanted to sound knowledgeable and eloquent. People noticed that I spoke well on Kendra's behalf and complimented me for it. They told me that I was such a good big sister to her for being able to articulate her emotions. They praised me, saying that I was an excellent "voice for the voiceless." I used to love it when they called me that. It made me feel like a hero. But now, the phrase makes me cringe. By constantly trying to speak for my sister, I reinforced people's false perceptions of her. They referred to her like she were a poster for autism spectrum disorder that I needed to explain. They asked questions about her to me as if she were completely unable to reply for herself. And I, in love with the spotlight, did not hesitate to answer. To maintain my glorified status as a "voice for the voiceless," I let people treat Kendra like she did not have a voice. I should have never gotten caught up in the attention that I was receiving. That attention rightfully belonged to her. I am sorry for being so selfish. From this point onwards, I am determined to honor her voice by letting her speak first. Now, I know that it is not my responsibility to answer people's questions about Kendra. Quite frankly, they tend to inquire about generic things they could easily type into an online search engine. Rather, I must encourage others to direct their questions to her. I need to help them not to ignorantly define her by autism or non-verbalism. I have to exemplify the intentional appreciation of Kendra's unique presence as an individual. In essence, it is my job to show people how to engage in a relationship with her. People need to be willing to learn to understand her voice, even if it makes them uncomfortable at first. They need to listen to her because she deserves to be heard. Read more: Brains of kids with autism are "noisier" than typical brains, CWRU imaging research shows (2014) And in those rare moments when people give Kendra the opportunity to speak, she brightens everyone's world. My mother told me about the time when a lady in Walmart walked up to her, met her gaze, smiled, and said, "Hello." Kendra grinned from ear to ear and replied with a clear and confident, "Hi." The joy in Kendra's eyes nearly brought Mom to tears. When my mother asked the lady why she came up to her, she explained, "My son was asking me about the noises that she was making and wondering why she could not use words the same way he can. I really wanted to show him that she is a person that should be loved and respected just like the rest of us." Kendra is not voiceless. And I am not her voice. She has a voice that society does not fully understand yet, but it has every right to be pursued and received by the community around her. There need be more people like the lady in Walmart. There need to be more people who want to listen to her. I know that Kendra has a lot to say. Kyra Ann Dawkins is a freshman at Columbia University. ************ Have something to say about this topic? Use the comments to share your thoughts, and stay informed when readers reply to your comments by using the Notification Settings (in blue) just below. Editorial Cartoon Sessions' resignation, Trump-Russia commission both needed ... Jeff Darcy's cartoons» Opinion Features Read letters to the editor Submit a letter to the editor How to submit an opinion article Most Read Active Discussions About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On Air On-Air Shows Theresa Rowe Seize the Deal WOMI Podcasts Listen Listen Live Mobile Events Christmas Wish Form 2016 Win A Christmas Getaway To Gaylord Opryland Calendar Submit your Event to the WOMI Calendar Expo Events Vendor Application WOMI Insiders WOMI Insiders Exclusive Benefits Sign Up WOMI Insiders Help Townsquare Media General Contest Rules Weather Local Shaped by Faith Choosing Joy Digital Job Hub Seize the Deal Contact Us Feedback Help & Contact Info Advertise Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Tip Us Listen Live News Weather Alerts Newsletter Submit Photo/Video Videos Browse Topics Search Contact Us Lexington Gospel Sensation Callie Day Coming to Owensboro [Video] By Chadwick Benefield March 3, 2017 4:00 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter I am completely obsessed with this woman.  And, until late last week, I had never heard of her.  But someone I follow on Twitter shared a link to a YouTube video featuring Callie Day.  Callie was working as a pharmacy tech at a Lexington, Kentucky Walmart when her amazing singing voice was “discovered.”  Check out this video.  And watch for the 1:15 mark when Callie drops her voice a couple of octaves!  It’s insane!  And the reactions of the people in the room with her are hilarious.  What an amazing gift! Subscribe to WOMI-AM on See what I mean?  Callie Day is an absolute revelation and video of her went viral last year (18 million views and counting).  Here’s her story- Subscribe to WOMI-AM on Callie no longer works at Walmart, but she is working . . . singing up a storm every weekend at churches around the Commonwealth. And here’s some good news!  Callie is coming to Owensboro.  My friend Latasha Shemwell has arranged for Callie to sing at two church services this summer.  She’ll appear at Mount Calvary Baptist Church at the 8:30am and 10:45am services on Sunday, June 25th! Mount Calvary Baptist is located at 507 Plum Street in Owensboro. Category: Kentucky News | Music Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best of WOMI Owensboro City of Owensboro Has Site Section Dedicated to Reporting Issues Like Say A Pothole Golden Corral Opens Today And Angel Got A Sneak Peak Inside [VIDEO] Local Owensboro Woman Camps Out At Golden Corral To Raise Money For Camp Corral [VIDEO] Willie Nelson Is Coming To The Ford Center [PHOTO] Recommended For You ZergNet Best of the Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live WOMI-AM on Facebook The Latest from 1490 WOMI Tri-State Woman Makes Plea for Local Amazon.com Shoppers to Donate to Owensboro Charity March 6, 2017 10:08 PM List of Owensboro Restaurants Where Kids Can Eat Free Updated March 6, 2017 5:32 PM What Are the Most Common Last Names in Daviess County? March 6, 2017 3:33 PM When Do the Clocks Change for Daylight Savings Time? March 6, 2017 2:48 PM Short Coat Mud Bath for a Large Dog at The Dapper Dog Buy This Deal Now EEO Advertise on WOMI Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Owensboro Business Listings Welcome back to WOMI Insider It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to WOMI Insider It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://womiowensboro.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to WOMI Insider (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here WOMI Insider brought to you by: Sign up for WOMI Insider Register Now Sign up for WOMI Insider quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! WOMI Insider brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive WOMI Insider contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook WOMI Insider brought to you by: WOMI-AM Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Home Business Buzz Dining Health Obits Weather Sports Regional/Jobs Bartow Gordon Polk Floyd Jobs WRGA Local Links Education Outdoors Crime About Advertising on Hometown Headlines: Websites, emails, social media, radio and text alerts. Contact Us Remembering Mrs. Bobbie Jean Bagwell, Mrs. Gwendolyn H. Hamilton, Ms. Recia M. Kinney, Ms. Mary Frances Spivey, Ms. Gladys May ‘Vera’ Watson. Posted on March 3, 2017 by hometownheadlines • 0 Comments Mrs. Bobbie Jean Bagwell, age 82, of Rome, passed away on Wednesday, March 1, 2017, at a local healthcare facility following a lengthy illness. Mrs. Bagwell was born in Rome, Georgia on November 11, 1934, daughter of the late John B. Evans and the late Pearlie Mae Dial Evans.  She was also preceded in death by her husband, Edward Carlton Bagwell, by three daughters, Rebecca Charlene Jefts, Denise Darlene Bagwell and Tina Renae Bagwell, and by a brother, Jerry Dewayne Evans.  Prior to retirement, Mrs. Bagwell worked as a Customer Service Manager at Wal-Mart for 25 years.  She was a member of the Barnsley United Methodist Church.  Mrs. Bagwell loved the outdoors, gardening and going to the beach. Survivors include four daughters, Vicky Barton and her husband, Randy, Melody Lawler and her husband, Mark, Beverly Davidson and her husband, Jeff, and Lisa Edwards and her husband, Gabe; nine grandchildren, Kim Jefts, Dave Jefts, Jessica Maynor, Kristin Barton, Cheyene Boatwright, Blake Davidson, Jesse Barton, Justin Edwards and Christopher Davidson and his wife, Polly; eight great grandchildren, Addison Pointer, Hagen Jordan, Daylon Jordan, Kennleigh Jordan, Connor, Lawson Motes, Laken Motes, Josh Brewer and Jordan Brewer; a great-great grandchild, River Weeks. Funeral services will be held on Sunday, March 5, 2017, at 3pm at the graveside at Oaknoll Memorial Gardens.  The Rev. Jeremy Barton will officiate.  There will be no visitation. Henderson & Sons Funeral Home, South Chapel. Mrs. Gwendolyn H. Hamilton, age 73, of 116 Paris Drive Rome, Ga. transitioned March 1, 2017.  F. K. Jones Funeral Home. Ms. Recia M. Kinney, 89, of Rome, Georgia passed on Wednesday, March 1, 2017 at her residence surrounded by loving family. Wright Memorial Mortuary. Ms. Mary Frances Spivey, 77, of Rome, Georgia, passed on Wednesday, March 1, 2017 at Floyd Medical Center surrounded by her loving family and friends. Wright Memorial Mortuary. Ms. Gladys May “Vera” Watson, age 81, of Cave Spring, passed away on Wednesday, March 1, 2017 at a local nursing home. Ms. Watson was born in Rome, GA on July 25, 1935, daughter of the late James Watson and the late Lula Cantrell Watson.  For many years, Vera worked as a caregiver at Valley View Nursing Home.  Ms. Watson was of the Baptist faith.  In addition to her parents, she was preceded in death by her brother, James Hubert Watson. Survivors include two nephews, Brian Green (Tammy) Aragon, and Vernon Green, Jr. (Bobbie), Lindale; 2 great-nieces, Kristy Coogler (Brock), Cave Spring, and Melody Byrd (Chad) Rome; 1 great-nephew, Brad Green (Jaimie) Hartwell, GA; 2 great-great nieces, Kinsley Coogler and Ansley Coogler, both of Cave Spring; 3 great-great nephews, Tyler Green, Jackson Green, and Landon Green, all of Hartwell, GA. Funeral services will be held on Saturday, March 4, 2017 at 2pm in the Chapel at Henderson and Sons Funeral Home, South Chapel with the Rev. Robert Anderson officiating.  Following the funeral service, Ms. Watson will be cremated. The family will receive friends at Henderson & Sons Funeral Home, South Chapel on Saturday from 11am until the service time. At other hours, they may be contacted at their respective residences. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Related Filed Under: Obituaries ← Public Health restaurant inspection scores Chick-fil-A Dwarf House Sports: High school baseball updates. Model girls vs. Laney at 2 p.m. Saturday for shot at AA basketball crown. Calhoun boys vs. Morgan County 8 p.m. Saturday. → Sorry, comments are closed for this post. Search Ware Mechanical Forecast Currently 58° Partly Cloudy Today is forecast to be Much Cooler than yesterday. Mainly cloudy and rainy. Tuesday 03/07 100% High 65° / Low 43° Rain Showers early, becoming a steady rain later in the day. Thunder possible. High near 65F. Winds S at 10 to 15 mph. Chance of rain 100%. Wednesday 03/08 10% High 71° / Low 36° Clear Sunny skies. High 71F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph. Thursday 03/09 10% High 74° / Low 48° Clear Mainly sunny. High 74F. Winds light and variable. Copyright © 2017 Hometown Headlines View Full Site
Follow @triplepundit 47.3k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Community Compost: The space between worm bins and anaerobic digesters? Compost is often considered a panacea for the United States’ tremendous food waste problem. Indeed, composting is a much better option than putting spoiled food in a garbage can destined for a landfill. Sponsored by Inika Close Categories Climate & Environment – This category is climate change in relation to sustainability and CSR and how these segments effect one another. This includes how climate change has started to cause a wide range of physical effects with serious implications for investors and businesses, and how the business sector discloses climate risks and manage them. Corporate Responsibility – This category is about Corporate social responsibility (CSR), a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. The goal of CSR is to embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its activities on the environment, consumers, employees, communities, stakeholders and all other members of the public sphere. Investment & Markets – Resources & Information related to Investment & Markets, Socially Responsible Investing, SRI, Socially Conscious, Ethical Investing and more. New Economics – This category is about the relation between business economies and sustainability and CSR. Company economies have great impact on how much effort they put into their CSR strategy and incorporating green strategies can have en effect on company growth. Economics Conscious Capitalism B-Corps Business Models Circular Economy Sharing Economy Policy & Government Society – Poverty Solutions Fair Trade Labor Social Equity Diversity/Inclusion Communicating Sustainability Technology – Resources & Information related to Clean Technology, Recycling, Renewable Energy, Green Buildings and more. Industry Verticals Stories organized by verticals: Advertising & Marketing | Apparel | Buildings | Consumer Packaged Goods | Energy | Finance | Food & Agriculture | Healthcare | Information Technology | Retail | Shipping & Logistics | Sports | Transportation | Travel & Hospitality Close 3p Podium 3p Content Shop Slashing the EPA Budget Would Endanger The Health Of Millions Of Americans by 3p Contributor on Friday, Mar 3rd, 2017 Climate & Environment Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Editor’s Note: A version of this post originally appeared on the Huffington Post. EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt speaks at the 2017 Conservative Political Action Conference (CPAC) in National Harbor, Maryland, on Feb. 25. By Elliott Negin During his nationally-televised speech before Congress on Tuesday night, U.S. President Donald Trump vowed to “promote clean air and clean water.” Is that right, Mr. President? Then why is your administration proposing to slash as much as 25 percent of the Environmental Protection Agency’s current budget and cut its staff by 20 percent? That would cripple environmental safeguards, jeopardize public health, and put future generations at risk. The EPA has made remarkable progress cleaning up air and water pollution since its inception in 1970, but there is still more work to do. In 2015 alone, polluters dumped more than 190 million tons of toxic chemicals into waterways nationwide; at least 5,000 community drinking water systems violated federal lead regulations; and some 116 million Americans lived in counties with harmful levels of ozone or particle pollution, which have been linked to lung cancer, asthma, cardiovascular damage, reproductive problems and premature death. If anything, the environmental challenges of today suggest that the EPA needs more money and staffing to carry out its congressionally-mandated mission, especially since Congress has already reduced the agency’s budget by 28 percent in real dollars to $8.14 billion between fiscal years 2010 and 2016, a paltry 0.20 percent of the projected $4 trillion fiscal year 2017 federal budget. For his part, EPA Administrator Scott Pruitt doesn’t seem particularly fazed by the prospect of his agency having to make do with lot less, claiming that state environmental agencies can pick up the slack. As he explained during his Senate confirmation hearing in mid-January, he believes “state regulators … oftentimes best understand the local needs and the uniqueness of our environmental challenges,” and, as far as he’s concerned, they should shoulder the primary responsibility for enforcing the law. But can state environmental agencies really compensate for an eviscerated EPA? The experts say no. States rely on EPA assistance If anyone understands the relationship between the EPA and state environmental agencies, it’s Carol Browner, who served as EPA administrator during the Bill Clinton administration after running Florida’s Department of Environmental Regulation. She said state agencies are simply not equipped to take on the burden of federal functions. “State agencies play an important role in protecting their citizens from dangerous pollution,” she said. “But they can’t do the job alone. They rely on the EPA’s expert analysis and support to set and enforce pollution standards. Many states would not have the resources to replace the EPA work on which they rely.” What does that mean in practice? I put that question to Ellen Gilinsky, who spent the last six years as an EPA water program policy adviser. Before joining the EPA, she was director of the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality’s water program. “States totally depend on the grants they get under the Clean Water Act, Clean Air Act, the Safe Drinking Water Act [and other federal environmental laws],” Gilinsky said. “Fifty to 60 percent of the funds for the Virginia water program came from the EPA. If we had doubled our permit fees to help fund our water program, we still wouldn’t have covered the cost. And if we had, the business community would not have appreciated higher permit fees. “The EPA provides more than just money,” she added. “It provides supporting information, new technology evaluations, training materials, and other expertise. The EPA water division, for example, offers a permit writing training course for state workers. EPA experts train them. States don’t have the wherewithal to provide training.” Ken Kimmell, who ran the Massachusetts Department of Environmental Protection (Mass DEP) before becoming president of the Union of Concerned Scientists in 2014, also stresses the importance of EPA technical assistance, as well as its state grants, which comprise a significant chunk of the agency’s annual expenditures. In fiscal year 2016, those grants amounted to nearly 45 percent of the agency’s budget. “Having served as a state environmental commissioner, I know from personal experience that state environmental agencies are already strapped,” Kimmell wrote in a recent blog post. “They typically lack the technical experts employed at the EPA, and stand in no position to take on additional enforcement responsibilities shed by the EPA.” Mass DEP’s staff “was cut nearly in half between 2002 and 2012 due to budget cuts, even as the agency’s responsibilities grew,” Kimmell continued. “That occurred in a state well known for its strong commitment to environmental protection. As a result, my agency was forced to cut back on important and effective programs, such as water sampling to locate sources of bacteria that pollute rivers. If the EPA’s budget is cut, it will mean even fewer resources for states, because states now receive a significant share of the EPA’s budget to cover enforcement activities.” Massachusetts isn’t the only state that has had to tighten its belt. Forty state environmental agencies have reduced staff in recent years, according to an October 2016 report by the Center for Public Integrity. Since 2007, staffing at environmental agencies in Illinois and Arizona dropped by more than a third, in New York by nearly a quarter, and in Michigan and Florida by a fifth. With state cutbacks like those, there’s a clear need for more support from the EPA, not less. But EPA’s staff has shrunk by 10 percent over the last decade, from 17,000 in 2007 to about 15,000 today, and President Trump’s proposed budget would reduce it by another 20 percent, to about 12,000. It hasn’t been that small since the mid-1980s. By comparison, nearly 100,000 people work at the Agriculture Department, nearly 47,000 are at the Commerce Department, and nearly 78,000 are at the Department of Health and Human Services. Pollution ignores state boundaries Another reason why state environmental agencies depend on the EPA is because, as Delaware Sen. Tom Carper painstakingly explained during Pruitt’s confirmation hearing, pollution does not honor political boundaries. “Delaware, like many states on the East Coast, sits at the end of what is known as America’s tailpipe,” Carper said. “Ninety percent of the air pollution in Delaware comes from outside of the First State, from power plants hundreds of miles away in places like Kentucky, Ohio, Indiana and across the Midwest. As governor of Delaware, if I had eliminated every source of air pollution within my state, stopped every combustion source, and ordered every motor vehicle off the roads, Delaware would still have faced deadly doses of air pollution.” Moreover, corporations may own polluting facilities in several states or a facility that emits pollutants into several states, making it difficult for a lone state agency to police them. “Electric utilities, oil refineries and retailers like Walmart are all national companies,” said Eric Schaeffer, director of EPA enforcement from 1997 to 2002. “Only the federal government can deal with them. Take a BP refinery [in Indiana or Ohio]. It is polluting in more than one state.” When the EPA takes enforcement action against a refinery, Schaeffer explained, states “could be assured that refineries in other states were being treated the same way for the same violations.” Meanwhile, Walmart — the nation’s biggest retailer — “had a consistent pattern of stormwater violations in a number of states,” said Schaeffer, now executive director of the Environmental Integrity Project. “It makes sense to deal with the company nationally. Why leave underfunded state agencies to deal with [Walmart] when you have these violations across the country? If you leave it to state agencies, companies can evade prosecution in states that don’t have the ability to enforce the law.” Schaeffer also pointed out that states have little incentive to take action against major polluters within their own borders if their emissions wind up somewhere else. “You won’t see a state agency, say in Ohio, bring an enforcement action against a large coal-fired power plant,” he explained. “It is not just a job issue. The bulk of the pollution from the coal plant is likely going into Pennsylvania, so you won’t see Ohio sue.” That’s why, Schaeffer said, “it’s a good thing to have the feds come in from the outside to enforce environmental laws. Having the EPA standing behind state environmental agencies gives them leverage to negotiate with violators. States can say to a polluter: ‘Either deal with us or with the EPA.’” State environmental agencies under siege To make matters worse, some governors and other state officials seem more interested in protecting polluters than their own citizens. Florida is a prime example. Over the last six years, Gov. Rick Scott has ripped the state’s Department of Environmental Protection (DEP) to shreds. When he ran for reelection in 2014, the Tampa Bay Times ran a scathing editorial calling his first term an “environmental disaster.” “Scott has bulldozed a record of environmental protection that his Republican and Democratic predecessors spent decades building,” the editorial said. “He weakened the enforcement of environmental laws and cut support for clean water, conservation and other programs. He simultaneously made it easier for the biggest polluters and private industries to degrade the state’s natural resources.” But Scott did much more than just “weaken” enforcement. He virtually eliminated it. In 2015, the Florida DEP opened 81 percent fewer enforcement cases than in 2010, according to an analysis of state records by Public Employees for Environmental Responsibility (PEER). Case outcomes, meanwhile, were worse than in nearly any previous year. The Florida DEP collected the lowest number of fines in 28 years, PEER found, and assessed no penalties in a third of the cases. “In Florida, polluters do not need a ‘Get Out of Jail Free’ card because few pay any fine and virtually none risk going to jail no matter how egregious the environmental offense,” Florida PEER Director Jerry Phillips, a former Florida DEP enforcement attorney who conducted the analysis, said in a press statement. “Under Gov. Scott, DEP staff are strongly discouraged from bringing enforcement actions and the plummeting numbers reflect it.” Despite the DEP’s sorry record under Scott, a freshman U.S. representative from Florida, Matt Gaetz, introduced legislation in early February that would eliminate the EPA by the end of 2018 and devolve its responsibilities to state environmental agencies. Like Pruitt, Gaetz maintains that “states and local communities are best positioned to responsibly regulate the environmental assets within their jurisdictions.” Of all people, Gaetz should know better. Before winning a seat in the U.S. House of Representatives last fall, he served in the Florida Legislature, taking office in 2011 — the same year Scott became governor. He had a ringside seat when Scott took an ax to the DEP. Pruitt also should be well aware that a governor — or other state officials, for that matter — can run roughshod over environmental protections. After all, he did it himself. As Oklahoma’s attorney general between 2011 and 2016, Pruitt dismantled his office’s Environmental Protection Unit, halted efforts to reduce poultry manure in Oklahoma waterways, and sued the EPA 14 times to block stronger air, water and climate safeguards, including standards that would reduce regional smog and airborne mercury pollution. Pruitt also stood idly by while hydraulic fracturing made Oklahoma the most earthquake-ravaged state in the country. Although Pruitt’s office does not regulate oil and gas development, he could have intervened to protect residents, for example, when their insurance claims were denied. And like Pennsylvania’s attorney general, he could have investigated — and prosecuted — frackers for violating environmental laws and polluting the water supply. He did nothing. Florida and Oklahoma are hardly exceptions. A number of other states have caved to polluters at the expense of public health. For example: Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker cut the Department of Natural Resources (DNR) budget by $59 million since taking office in 2011 and eliminated nearly 200 positions, including half of its scientists. Last June, state auditors found the DNR doesn’t follow its own enforcement policies to protect state waters from livestock, factory and sewage treatment plant pollution. West Virginia Department of Environmental Protection is not enforcing state coal mining regulations, according to a three-year investigation by the U.S. Interior Department. The report found the agency routinely fails to monitor water quality, enforce reclamation standards, or ensure mountaintop removal doesn’t trigger local flooding. North Carolina state legislators have stymied efforts to clean up electric utility coal ash dumps, reduced the state’s Department of Environmental Quality staff by a third, and instructed DEQ regulators to soft-pedal the enforcement of air pollution standards. Americans want a strong EPA Recent polls indicate that a majority of Americans support a robust federal environmental regulator and stricter environmental safeguards. According to a Reuters/Ipsos opinion survey released in mid-January, more than 60 percent of Americans want the EPA’s authority preserved or strengthened under the Trump administration. Interestingly, nearly half of the respondents who identified themselves as Republican — 47 percent — agreed that the EPA should either “remain the same” or “be strengthened or expanded.” Meanwhile, a December 2016 poll conducted by the Pew Research Center found that 59 percent of Americans believe stronger environmental regulations are worth the cost. Pruitt seemed to acknowledge that Americans want a clean environment during his speech at the Conservative Political Action Conference last weekend. People across the country, he said, “care about the air they breathe and they care about the water they drink and we are going to be partners with these individuals, not adversaries.” He then went on to say: “We are going to restore power back to the people. We are going to recognize the regulatory uncertainty and the regulatory state needs to be reined in, we’re going to make sure states are recognized for the authority they have, and we are going to do the work that’s important to advance freedom and liberty for the future.” The administration’s plan to wreck the EPA, however, belies Pruitt’s populist rhetoric. Reading between the lines, Pruitt’s vow to empower “the people” really means empowering corporations, which, after all, are considered people under the law. And when he says his agency is going to “advance freedom,” he’s really talking about advancing the freedom to pollute. How patriotic. Elliott Negin is a senior writer at the Union of Concerned Scientists. Image credit: Flickr/Gage Skidmore Climate & Environment Recent headlines from the 4483 articles in this category: Greenpeace: Brazil Could Soon Deforest Protected Land The Vegan ‘Bloody Burger’ May Soon Roll Out Nationwide NRDC Prepares for Legal Battle with Trump TriplePundit has published articles from over 1000 contributors. If you'd like to be a guest author, please get in touch! Follow 3p Contributor @triplepundit Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Follow @triplepundit 47.3k Triple Pundit: People, Planet, Profit Menu Special Series Progress to 2020: Tackling resource use from all angles In this series we’ll take a fresh look at resources and how they are used. We’ll go beyond natural resources like air and water to look at how efficiency in raw materials can boost the bottom line and help the environment. We’ll also examine the circular economy and design for reuse — with an eye toward honoring those resources we do have. Sponsored by Sealed Air Sustainability at Home and Beyond While changes at home can’t solve the many environmental crises we face today, they can sure help. Through this series, we’ll explore how initiatives like curbside compost pick-up, rebates on compost bins, and efficient appliances can help families reduce their impact without breaking the bank. Sponsored by Whirlpool Corporation Social Impacts in Apparel Despite decades -- centuries even -- of global efforts, slavery can still be found not just on the high seas, but around the world and throughout various supply chains. Through this series on forced labor, sponsored by C&A Foundation, we’ll explore many different types of bonded and forced labor and highlight industries where this practice is alive and well today. Sponsored by C&A Foundation Black Lives Matter and Beyond In this series we examine how companies should respond to national controversy like police violence and the BLM movement to best support employees and how can companies work to improve equality by increasing diversity in their ranks directly. Sponsored by Symantec Are Americans Getting Healthier? Advances in medical science and healthcare mean Americans are living longer than ever. But lifestyle choices can hold us back. We'll take a look at whole health and how we can continue to improve. Sponsored by CVS Health Community Compost: The space between worm bins and anaerobic digesters? Compost is often considered a panacea for the United States’ tremendous food waste problem. Indeed, composting is a much better option than putting spoiled food in a garbage can destined for a landfill. Sponsored by Inika Close Categories Climate & Environment – This category is climate change in relation to sustainability and CSR and how these segments effect one another. This includes how climate change has started to cause a wide range of physical effects with serious implications for investors and businesses, and how the business sector discloses climate risks and manage them. Corporate Responsibility – This category is about Corporate social responsibility (CSR), a form of corporate self-regulation integrated into a business model. The goal of CSR is to embrace responsibility for the company’s actions and encourage a positive impact through its activities on the environment, consumers, employees, communities, stakeholders and all other members of the public sphere. Investment & Markets – Resources & Information related to Investment & Markets, Socially Responsible Investing, SRI, Socially Conscious, Ethical Investing and more. New Economics – This category is about the relation between business economies and sustainability and CSR. Company economies have great impact on how much effort they put into their CSR strategy and incorporating green strategies can have en effect on company growth. Economics Conscious Capitalism B-Corps Business Models Circular Economy Sharing Economy Policy & Government Society – Poverty Solutions Fair Trade Labor Social Equity Diversity/Inclusion Communicating Sustainability Technology – Resources & Information related to Clean Technology, Recycling, Renewable Energy, Green Buildings and more. Industry Verticals Stories organized by verticals: Advertising & Marketing | Apparel | Buildings | Consumer Packaged Goods | Energy | Finance | Food & Agriculture | Healthcare | Information Technology | Retail | Shipping & Logistics | Sports | Transportation | Travel & Hospitality Close 3p Podium 3p Content Shop Investors Representing $600 Billion Urge Solutions for Latin America’s Deforestation by Leon Kaye on Friday, Mar 3rd, 2017 Corporate Responsibility Share Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Bolivia’s forests are one region susceptible to deforestation related to soy and cattle production. Green Century Funds, an asset management firm geared toward investors interested in environmentally and social responsible investing, is asking some of the world’s largest food companies to ramp up efforts to curb deforestation in South America. The Boston-based company says it has organized 38 U.S. investors, together representing at least $617.5 in assets under management, to urge companies to take on voluntary measures that reduce the impact commodities such as palm oil, beef and soy have on South America’s environment. The investors sent letters to almost two dozen companies, including the multinational suppliers Cargill and Bunge; fast-food giants like McDonald’s and Wendy’s; consumer packaged goods (CPG) firms Colgate-Palmolive and Unilever; and retailers Walmart and Kroger. The signatories of what is being called the Latin American Forest Protection initiative are asking these companies to implement supply chain policies that respect human rights while committing to a zero-deforestation agenda. The outcomes, insist Green Century and its partners, are a reduction in greenhouse gas emissions, improved supply chain transparency traceability and a path toward more sustainable development. Green Century’s announcement comes a decade after measures such as the soy moratorium, which was widely credited with halting deforestation in Brazil’s Amazon region, appeared to have slowed deforestation in South America. But over the past few years, environmental destruction appears to be on an upswing in the region. Recent investigations by publications including the New York Times indicate that deforestation is accelerating in regions such as the Amazon, Brazil’s cerrado and Paraguay’s Atlantic forests. Bolivia is one South American nation where deforestation has come at a high cost to both the environment and human rights. Last year the French graduate school Insead concluded that the country of 10.7 million people, despite per-capita GDP well under $3,000, has witnessed a spike in greenhouse gas emissions largely attributed to deforestation. The common practice of burning forests to make way for farms has increased Bolivia’s per-capita carbon footprint and it is now higher than several European countries. And while the Amazon is largely the focus of Brazil’s environmental record, the grasslands of the country’s cerrado have been altered to the point where it is disrupting the the region’s water cycle – placing the country’s hydropower sector and freshwater supplies at risk. The Times’ investigation, which verified claims made by the NGO Mighty Earth that deforestation has rapidly increased across Brazil and Bolivia, points to the agricultural suppliers Cargill and Bunge as driving much of South America’s forest loss. Despite their promises during a 2014 United Nations climate summit to eliminate deforestation attributed to palm oil, soy and beef, critics say the companies are not doing enough to stop sourcing soy from lands recently cleared to make way for new plantations. Environmentalists say Cargill falls short when it comes to the monitoring of soy growers’ destructive land management practices in Brazil and other countries. Meanwhile, investors urged Bunge to make more concrete commitments to eliminate deforestation from its supply chain. Both companies said the Times “inflated” their ties to deforestation in South America. According to the United Nation’s Food and Agriculture Program (FAO), South America rivals Africa as the continent that has suffered the most from deforestation between 2010 and 2015. Rapid economic development, as well as food resilience programs launched by leaders such as Bolivia’s Evo Morales, have contributed to these trends. According to Green Century, the adoption of transparent zero-deforestation policies by the world’s largest food companies are key to solving these problems – while shielding their investors from long-term risks. Image credit: Sam Beebe Corporate Responsibility Recent headlines from the 6409 articles in this category: When Workaholism Stops Working: Humanity’s Last Stand Is on the Job Interest in Alberta Tar Sands Oil Wanes, But Keystone XL Pipeline Could Still Pay Off Uber Accused of Using Technology to Root Out Local Regulators Based in Fresno, California, Leon Kaye is a business writer and strategic communications specialist. He has also been featured in The Guardian, Sustainable Brands and CleanTechnica. When he has time, he shares his thoughts on his own site, GreenGoPost.com. Contact him at leon@greengopost.com. You can also reach out via Twitter (@LeonKaye) and Instagram (GreenGoPost). Follow Leon Kaye @leonkaye Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Register here if you need an account. Our sponsors Media Kit Access Would your company like to join our conversation? We offer branded content, twitter chats, event promotion, custom content channels and more. Learn more. Check out our newsletters More than 30,000 subscribers get our daily and weekly updates. Join them now. Email address Weekly Mailing List Daily Mailing List Submit Ready to comment? Register for an account below Name* First Last Email* Enter Email Confirm Email Create your username* Captcha After submitting this form, you must check your email for your password before logging in. Follow Triple Pundit Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Search terms Search WORK WITH US About 3p Advertise with us Contact us Newsletter Sponsored content policy Write for us Privacy policy Legal Sitemap MEET OUR TEAM Founder: Nick Aster Ed in Chief: Jen Boynton Editor: Mary Mazzoni Social Media: Marissa Rosen Partnerships: Travis Noland TriplePundit is a Certified B Corp. Offsets Provided by ClimateCare. Use our carbon calculator here. TriplePundit's office is at Impact HUB San Francisco. All content © 2009-2017 Triple Pundit Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
National PostDigital Access | Sign in / Register Home Financial Post News Comment Personal Finance Investing Tech Sports Arts Life Health Homes Driving Classifieds Jobs Subscribe News Canada Politics Canada TRENDINGReal estate | Lotto Max | Russia | CPC leadership race | Trump | Ontario Liberals Ontario man jailed — again — for running ‘deplorable’ fake cancer charity scam Jane Sims, Postmedia Network | March 3, 2017 12:07 AM ET More from Postmedia Network Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Fraudster extraordinaire Shaun Hofmans, who fleeced Southwestern Ontario businesses in a crime spree in the name of a fake cancer charity, stood in court and spoke in a voice a little louder than a whisper. “I’m just asking for one chance,” he said Thursday after pleading guilty to more than 20 charges, boosting his criminal record to more than 100 convictions, about three-quarters of them for fraud. “I have a very long record, I understand, but I can’t do this anymore,” he said. But like the boy who cried wolf way too many times, Hofmans ran out of chances. “He’s incorrigible,” said Ontario Court Justice John Skowronski, the same judge who sentenced Hofmans two years ago to eight months in jail for the same criminal nonsense that he ran out of his London basement apartment. “This has been his occupation. It’s sad but true,” the judge said. Scamming people for money in the name of a cancer charity, he said, is “brazen” and “deplorable.” “How can you trust anything this man says?” Skowronski asked. This time, instead of jail, the total sentence was four years in prison. How can you trust anything this man says? Factoring in time spent in custody since last April, Hofmans has two years and eight months left to serve. Within weeks of completing his 2015 sentence, and despite an order from Skowronski banning him from any charity work for five years, Hofmans, 37, hit the road with cheque books for his fake charity SPH Cancer Foundation and began to tap mostly grocery stores — Foodlands, No Frills, Real Canadian Superstores, Walmarts, Shoppers Drug Mart, Food Basics — for gift cards of any value to hand out to the sick. Deputy Crown Attorney David Rows told Skowronski that Hofmans would buy the gift cards with SPH cheques and sign them “Charles Paton,” the same surname as one of his best friends. From January to April, there weren’t many towns and cities in the region he didn’t hit — Chatham, Dorchester, Ingersoll, St. Marys, Aylmer, London, Stratford, St. Thomas, Amherstburg. Leamington, Simcoe, Tillsonburg, Woodstock and Exeter. Some centres were hit more than once. Hofmans would buy $1,000 worth of cards here, $900 worth there. The cheques were for bank accounts that were closed. In the middle of the spree, he got caught in Petrolia in February 2016 trying to buy $950 in gift cards at a store and was sentenced in Sarnia to a total of three weeks in jail and ordered to stay out of Lambton County. Within days, he was back at the scam. Related From romance scams to fake lottery winnings: The top 10 frauds Canadians need to watch out for Sometimes, for effect, Hofmans would wear hospital scrubs while he pitched his cancer charity to unsuspecting store managers. Once, a Shoppers Drug Mart manager in Dorchester got suspicious and found information online identifying Hofmans and SPH Cancer Foundation as frauds. Another suspicious manager at a Chatham Shoppers Drug Mart, concerned about the cheque for $1,000 for a pre-paid Visa card, began to investigate when Hofmans fled the store. His image was caught on surveillance video. He also activated three President Choice Mastercards using stolen identification from other people and withdrew about $8,000 from CIBC bank terminals in London. Sometimes, he grew very emboldened. In January 2016, he stopped into a Jiffy Lube franchise in Brantford, wanting to pay for a recent car service with gift cards and have charges from days earlier put back on his debit card. He pushed open the door to a manager to complain when he didn’t get his way. The manager said any transaction would take time. Days later, Hofmans sent a letter to the store, writing from “the Law Office of Charles Hunter” and posing as the fake lawyer in London demanding the charges be reversed or he’d to the media, the Brantford chamber of commerce and others about a “blatant disregard for Canadian business ethics.” His defence lawyer, Nick Cake, made a pitch that all of Hofmans’ criminal activity was really a cry for help after an abusive childhood at the hands of his father. Hofmans agreed to participate in a pre-sentence report for the first time and Cake said it gives insight that could set Hofmans on the road to rehabilitation. This has got to stop. A line in the sand has to be drawn. For that reason, Cake suggested time served and 12 months of house arrest followed by three years of probation. Hofmans has a poor sense of self-worth, Cake said, because his father said “he was going to be a loser.” Hofmans has tried since to prove him wrong by trying to amass material wealth and “be a high roller.” Instead, Hofmans believes he has “fulfilled his father’s prophecy.” “Rehabilitation and counselling is a far greater benefit to society than having him in the penitentiary,” Cake argued. He’s employable, his lawyer said, and once ran his own call centre. He gave Cake $3,000 to put in trust for restitution, plus had money orders claiming he had paid others back. Hofmans also claimed he was sexually assaulted by a cellmate at the Elgin-Middlessex Detention Centre and had an injury to his genitals. Rows said police investigated the incident and there were “no grounds to lay charges whatsoever.” The Crown said Hofmans has shown no respect for any court orders, including Skowronski’s and should be sent to prison. The judge agreed and gave the exact sentence Rows suggested. “This has got to stop. A line in the sand has to be drawn,” he said. Find National Post on Facebook Twitter Google+ Reddit Email Typo? More Comments LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest Digg FarkIt StumbleUpon Topics: Canada, News, Crime, Fraud Canada Videos Powered by WordPress.com VIP Our Partners Infomart The Province Vancouver Sun Edmonton Journal Calgary Herald Regina Leader-Post Saskatoon StarPhoenix Windsor Star Ottawa Citizen Montreal Gazette Classifieds Remembering Celebrating Classifieds Marketplace Workopolis FlyerCity Classifieds Self-Service Services Advertise with us Subscribe Subscriber Services ePaper Newsletters Site map Legal Privacy Terms Contact us Copyright & permissions Connect with Us Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest © 2017 National Post, a division of Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved. Unauthorized distribution, transmission or republication strictly prohibited. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia Inc. Privacy FAQ
Sections News Photo Store Archives 100 Years Ago Obituaries Senior Scene Cops and Courts Business National World Sports Penn State Joe Maddon Fall Preview 2016 Wildlife Best Of PNC Field Video National Opinion Editorials & Columns Letters Capitol Matters John Cole cartoons Community Calendar Out & About Our Towns Parade Games Arts Calendar Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace Contact Presspass Become a carrier Activate Contact Us My Subscription E-EDITION Print Advertising e-Edition Subscribe ALL ACCESS SUBSCRIPTION A Standard-Speaker All Access subscription gets you complete access to both our print and digital publications, delivered to your home, desktop and mobile devices 7 days a week. Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Standard-Speaker on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at standardspeaker.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device or email, read the e-Edition, sign up for daily newsletters, activate your all access, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. Sign In News • Sports • Opinion • Community • Classifieds • Contact • e-Edition • Marketplace Police, March 3 From staff reports / Published: March 3, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     Woman charged after wreck A Freeland woman involved in a January crash in Butler Township reportedly asked a bystander to throw away a bag of drug paraphernalia prior to police arrival, court papers say. A man in the area called Luzerne County 911 around 4 p.m. Jan. 4 to report the crash on Woodside Drive and when police arrived he said the driver, who was pinned in the vehicle, asked him if he was a cop and then told him to take a bag from her vehicle and get rid of it, arrest papers state. He told police he was alerted to the crash after hearing a loud bang and seeing the vehicle about 85 feet into the woods off the road. The man handed an officer the bag he was asked to ditch, according to police, who said it contained spoons, a syringe, a crack pipe, several small tubes and a small plastic container. Jill M. Grebey, 43, was found by officers in the driver’s seat, court papers state, and told them she couldn’t remember the crash because she blacked out. She was extricated by firefighters and flown to Lehigh Valley Hospital-Cedar Crest. After investigating police said they determined Grebey veered off the road while westbound on Woodside Drive and her vehicle hit a utility pole before proceeding back onto the road, where it went airborne into woods and hit multiple trees. Her blood tested positive for amphetamine, methamphetamine, lorazepam and other substances, police wrote, and she was charged with driving under the influence of a controlled substance, driving under the influence general impairment, five counts use or possession of drug paraphernalia, all misdemeanors, and three summary traffic violations. The charges were filed against her Feb. 27. Pair charged with $1G retail theft Two people from Lansford face charges after a Dec. 16 theft of over $1,000 in merchandise in Rush Township. Ahmad Fuad-Talal Hamash, 21, faces retail theft and conspiracy at retail theft while Jessica S. Evans, 28, Lansford, was charged with two counts conspiracy at retail theft and driving without a license. Hamash was arraigned Feb. 1 by Magisterial District Judge Stephen Bayer and was taken to jail when unable to post $5,000 bail, while Evans was arraigned by Bayer Feb. 22 and released on her own recognizance. Arrest papers state a concerned citizen told police a male pushed a shopping cart with unpaid merchandise, out of Wal-Mart, Hometown and a female was helping him place the items in the trunk of a vehicle. As police approached the store parking lot, court papers state, they spotted the pair and stopped them. Evans was operating the vehicle without a license, police wrote. A Kline Township officer assisting at the scene brought the $1,080.96 worth of merchandise found in the vehicle back to the store, arrest papers state. Man wanted for robbery caught A Freeland man who borough police were searching for in relation to a Dec. 24 robbery was apprehended. Scott D. Navar, 39, was arraigned Feb. 23 by Magisterial District Judge Joseph Spagnuolo Jr., Plains Township, on felonies for two counts robbery and one count each aggravated assault, burglary and criminal trespass. He was also charged with terroristic threats, harassment and disorderly conduct. Unable to immediately post $250,000 bail, he was taken to jail. Court papers state one of the victims was treated at Lehigh Valley Hospital-Hazleton for injuries after several masked people entered his home at 409 Ridge St. and pistol-whipped him around 3 a.m. As police began their investigation they found a large amount of Xanax and cash inside the victim’s home, allegedly belonging to a juvenile, police said. An unknown amount of cash was taken, arrest papers state. One of the suspects was identified as Navar after dropping his mask during the encounter, court papers state. Woman found in possession of drugs Police say drugs were found on a Tamaqua woman when state constables took her into custody at her home on a warrant Monday. Kathy D. Tonkin, 21, faces charges of manufacture, delivery or possession with intent to deliver a controlled substance, possession of a controlled substance and use or possession of drug paraphernalia by Tamaqua police Tonkin was taken to jail after failing to immediately post 10 percent of $25,000 bail set by Magisterial District Judge Stephen Bayer, Tamaqua, during her preliminary arraignment Monday. Court papers state that constables were at Tonkin’s home, 315 E. Broad St., to take her into custody on a warrant and when they found a bag in Tonkin’s possession which contained nine syringes, one of them containing fentanyl, they contacted Tamaqua police. Also in the bag were a crystal rock weighing 2.6 grams, crystallized powder weighing 1.2 grams which tested positive for methamphetamine, a purple bag containing an unknown matter labeled “fresh,” 42 stamped wax bags stamped “selfie” which tested positive for fentanyl and $141 in cash, arrest papers state. Threat charge for Tamaqua woman A Tamaqua woman faces charges, court papers say, after a Feb. 19 physical altercation. Cory Matalavage, 36, was charged with terroristic threats, simple assault and harassment by borough police. Arrest papers state she grabbed a woman by the arm and neck and threatened to kill her inside 305 W. Broad St., Feb. 19 around 9 a.m. Police said Matalavage also admitted to being on methamphetamine. We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 21 North Wyoming Street Hazleton, PA 18201 1-570-455-3636 CONTACT US Copyright ©2017 The Standard Speaker PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS COMMUNITY BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND HAZLETON JOBS Facebook Twitter      
Contact Us Contests News Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 5, 2017 7:03 AM ESTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 3, 2017 7:00 PM ESTPlayStation VR’s ‘Aim’ gun controller is coming in May Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 6:09 PM ESTAirbnb introduces Trips feature in Toronto after initial rollout last ... Mar 3, 2017 5:41 PM ESTAmazon to reportedly reveal Alexa-powered devices that can make phone ... Carriers Mar 5, 2017 7:03 AM ESTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 4:47 PM ESTMTS president and CEO Jay Forbes to depart when Bell acquisition closes Mar 3, 2017 3:06 PM ESTTelus, Bell and Rogers offering 7GB and 10GB Quebec promo plans beginn... Mar 3, 2017 8:39 AM ESTFreedom offering $100 credit on LTE plan to select upgrade customers Mar 2, 2017 9:04 PM ESTCRTC releases data on device unlock revenue made by Canadian carriers Mar 2, 2017 11:34 AM ESTMobileSyrup is now selling unique, Canadian-focused carrier t-shirts! Mar 2, 2017 10:17 AM ESTVirgin and Bell cut the no-contract price of the Samsung Galaxy S7 by ... Manufacturers Mar 2, 2017 8:58 PM ESTThis is the BlackBerry Aurora, runs Android 7.0 with a 5.5-inch touchs... Mar 2, 2017 8:04 PM ESTGoogle-branded Chromebooks aren’t actually dead, says hardware exec Mar 2, 2017 5:04 PM ESTBlackBerry’s Jim Mackey has left the company Feb 28, 2017 9:02 PM ESTGoogle exec says company has ‘no plans’ to continue making... Feb 28, 2017 10:30 AM ESTSamsung to use technology built by Canada’s NewNet to build its ... Feb 28, 2017 9:47 AM ESTSouth Korean authorities have formally charged Samsung heir Lee Jae-yong Feb 27, 2017 4:54 PM ESTMediaTek starts production on its 10nm Helio X30 processor Feb 27, 2017 10:44 AM ESTZTE unveils the world’s first 5G smartphone, the Gigabit Phone Phones Mar 3, 2017 10:16 AM ESTGalaxy S8 screen to be called ‘Infinity Display,’ accordin... Mar 3, 2017 9:15 AM ESTPixel 2 is coming later this year and staying ‘premium,’ a... Mar 2, 2017 2:20 PM ESTGoogle launches new ‘Playables,’ allowing users to test ou... Mar 2, 2017 11:14 AM EST‘Really Blue’ Google Pixel and Pixel XL are now available ... Mar 2, 2017 9:29 AM ESTBlackBerry’s latest licensed device will be called Aurora, revea... Mar 1, 2017 3:08 PM ESTOnePlus starts Android 7.1.1 beta test Mar 1, 2017 1:56 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy S8 photos show slim bezels and 3.5mm headphone jack Mar 1, 2017 10:55 AM ESTSamsung’s Galaxy S6 is now end-of-life at Bell and Virgin Tablets Mar 3, 2017 1:48 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab S3 now available for pre-order at Best Buy Canada Feb 27, 2017 10:43 AM ESTSamsung and Microsoft announce partnership on new Galaxy Book 2-in-1 a... Feb 26, 2017 1:43 PM ESTSamsung’s Galaxy Tab S3 is coming to Canada for $799 Feb 17, 2017 7:18 PM ESTAndroid Nougat now available on LG G Pad III 8.0 tablets on Fido Feb 6, 2017 10:14 AM ESTThe price is right with Lenovo’s thin new Yoga A12 2-in-1 Feb 1, 2017 10:09 AM ESTSamsung announces MWC keynote, likely to reveal Galaxy Tab S3 Jan 24, 2017 11:05 AM ESTDetachable Chrome OS tablets with Android app compatibility could be i... Jan 17, 2017 1:11 PM ESTMicrosoft drops prices on the Surface Pro 4 by up to $350 Wearables Mar 3, 2017 7:00 PM ESTPlayStation VR’s ‘Aim’ gun controller is coming in May Feb 28, 2017 11:22 AM ESTVirtual Rabbids and three other games set to launch on Google’s ... Feb 27, 2017 8:28 PM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – VR Porn is coming Feb 27, 2017 3:29 PM ESTSony’s PlayStation VR has sold 915,000 units since October Feb 27, 2017 2:37 PM ESTHTC’s Vive Deluxe Audio Strap is set to launch in June for $99 Feb 26, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSamsung reveals new Gear VR with included controller Feb 23, 2017 5:56 PM ESTHuawei Watch 2 images leak ahead of Mobile World Congress Feb 22, 2017 7:33 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – The future through eSight’s wea... Virtual Reality Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM ESTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM ESTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM ESTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM ESTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM ESTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Feb 10, 2017 2:29 PM ESTVR comes to Google Chrome Feb 9, 2017 11:43 AM ESTMolson Canadian and Sportsnet bring 360 VR to NHL broadcasts Feb 1, 2017 4:43 PM ESTSony to release more PlayStation VR bundles this month Apps/Games Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 3, 2017 6:09 PM ESTAirbnb introduces Trips feature in Toronto after initial rollout last ... Mar 3, 2017 4:51 PM ESTNintendo has plans to improve its cumbersome Friend Code system Mar 3, 2017 1:15 PM ESTNetflix to start airing Dave Chappelle specials on March 21st Mar 3, 2017 1:06 PM ESTMixed reality content coming to Xbox One and Project Scorpio in 2018 Mar 3, 2017 11:42 AM ESTCapcom is bringing more of its classic games to Android and iOS, inclu... Mar 3, 2017 2:58 AM ESTHere’s where you can buy the Nintendo Switch online in Canada Mar 2, 2017 7:29 PM ESTTwitter to livestream ESL and DreamHack eSports tournaments Automotive Feb 28, 2017 7:34 PM ESTVideo shows Uber CEO Kalanick arguing with driver over decreasing fares Feb 24, 2017 7:30 AM ESTQualcomm joins ‘Towards 5G’ to help make cars communicate Feb 23, 2017 7:01 PM ESTAlphabet-owned Waymo sues Uber for allegedly stealing driverless car tech Feb 23, 2017 8:30 AM ESTJaguar launches in-car payments feature in partnership with Shell Feb 21, 2017 4:47 PM ESTTesla continues Canadian expansion with additional dealership and R... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Feb 14, 2017 5:48 PM ESTHyundai Canada adds Apple CarPlay to three 2017 cars Accessories Mar 3, 2017 5:41 PM ESTAmazon to reportedly reveal Alexa-powered devices that can make phone ... Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 26, 2017 12:33 PM ESTMotorola announces Gamepad, Alexa and other new mods for its Moto Z se... Feb 19, 2017 2:11 PM ESTThis ballpoint pen doubles as an up to 1,000mAh battery charger Feb 14, 2017 8:21 PM ESTNest Cams are now able to detect what a door is Feb 10, 2017 8:33 PM ESTMotorola’s ‘Transform the Smartphone’ Moto Mods chal... Feb 10, 2017 8:39 AM EST$179.95 Beats X wireless headphones now available in Canada Feb 7, 2017 4:18 PM ESTApple’s wireless Beats X headphones set to launch on February 10th Reviews Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM ESTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Phones Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM ESTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Jan 30, 2017 9:06 AM ESTBlackBerry’s Mercury smartphone to include the same camera senso... Jan 27, 2017 9:30 AM ESTAxon 7 Mini Hands-on: Small phone, big sound Dec 27, 2016 8:02 PM ESTHTC 10, six months later Dec 17, 2016 1:09 PM ESTOnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap Tablets Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM ESTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM ESTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EST9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM ESTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM ESTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Nov 20, 2015 9:01 AM ESTSurface Pro 4 review: Microsoft perfects the laptop/tablet hybrid formula Wearables Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM ESTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM ESTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM ESTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM ESTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM ESTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 May 5, 2016 4:40 PM ESTFitbit Alta review: The perfect Fitbit for almost everyone Accessories Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM ESTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Dec 10, 2016 10:00 AM ESTNative Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging Oct 3, 2016 11:25 AM ESTMoto Mods review: Decent start Sep 19, 2016 6:33 PM ESTAirPods Review: Welcome to the wireless future Sep 4, 2016 12:33 PM ESTSamsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye Aug 31, 2016 11:30 AM ESTVancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone int... Automotive Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM ESTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM ESTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EST2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EST2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM ESTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EST2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Dec 31, 2015 10:02 AM ESTAndroid Auto review Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM ESTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM ESTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM ESTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM ESTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM ESTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM ESTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM ESTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM ESTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM ESTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM ESTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM ESTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM ESTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM ESTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM ESTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Aug 6, 2016 2:30 PM ESTKeep tabs on Canada’s Olympic progress with CBC Rio 2016 [App of... Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM ESTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM ESTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM ESTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM ESTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM ESTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EST2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM ESTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM ESTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM ESTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM ESTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EST7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EST10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM ESTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM ESTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM ESTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM ESTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EST3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM ESTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM ESTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM ESTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM ESTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement Nov 17, 2016 2:00 AM ESTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full o... App/Game of the Week Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] Feb 20, 2017 3:01 PM ESTCringe harder than ever before with the Fifty Shades chatbot [Bot of t... Feb 19, 2017 6:17 PM ESTNever make a packing list again with PackPoint [App of the week] Feb 18, 2017 6:28 PM ESTMontreal-developed Ok Golf is refined to a tee [Game of the Week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM ESTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM ESTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM ESTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 23, 2017 3:25 PM ESTEverything you need to know about the ‘Netflix Tax’ Feb 22, 2017 4:01 AM ESTCanada ranks 12th in the world for overall data speed, says Open Signal Feb 20, 2017 6:00 PM ESTResident Evil 7 is an impressive return to the series’ terrifyin... Feb 20, 2017 1:48 PM ESTHorizon Zero Dawn features one of gaming’s most fascinating worl... Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Resources Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster How-to's Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster Rate Plans Business Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM ESTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Mar 1, 2017 5:16 PM ESTSnap prices IPO between $21 and $23 per share Mar 1, 2017 11:10 AM ESTBMO introduces free Interac e-transfer for personal banking customers Carriers Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM ESTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Feb 2, 2017 8:31 AM ESTBell Q4 2016 Earnings: Subscriber base now at 8,468,872, $1.88b in rev... Feb 2, 2017 8:22 AM ESTTelus registers Digital City trademark to expand IoT focus Jan 26, 2017 12:15 PM ESTRogers Q4 2016 earnings: Average postpaid subscriber bill increases by... Jan 18, 2017 3:16 PM ESTBell’s residential service rates are increasing Jan 12, 2017 8:57 AM ESTShaw Q1 2017: Shaw quarterly profit cut in half due to Shomi shutdown Jan 12, 2017 7:44 AM ESTRogers registers ‘Other People’s Business’ trademark... Jan 11, 2017 7:11 PM ESTShaw launches new BlueSky IPTV platform to compete with Telus’ O... Security & Privacy Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages Feb 24, 2017 3:39 PM ESTCineplex Entertainment encourages password changes following thefts on... Feb 16, 2017 12:00 PM ESTYahoo may be warning users about another potential data breach Feb 13, 2017 4:17 PM ESTReports of data breaches in Canada to go up in 2017, say experts Feb 13, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBlackBerry forms new partnership with Isara to promote secure quantum ... Feb 7, 2017 3:05 PM ESTBlackBerry launches BBM Enterprise software development kit Feb 3, 2017 12:28 PM ESTCSIS unsure how many Canadians affected by illegal data program Jan 26, 2017 6:27 PM ESTD-Wave has a customer for its $15 million quantum computer Infrastructure Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM ESTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM ESTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM ESTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM ESTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM ESTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM ESTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Dec 6, 2016 1:48 PM ESTSaskTel expands LTE coverage in southwestern Saskatchewan Nov 23, 2016 12:17 PM ESTVirgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec Cloud Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM ESTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM ESTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM ESTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Jan 25, 2017 9:00 AM ESTCanadian AI innovators, your time is now Jan 24, 2017 7:31 AM ESTIntuit launches QuickBooks app for iOS and Android to help Canadians f... Jan 18, 2017 8:03 PM ESTIBM and Bell Canada partner to offer enterprise apps for iPhone users Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM ESTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM ESTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM ESTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM ESTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM ESTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM ESTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM ESTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... Jun 22, 2015 10:56 AM ESTHow smartphones are being used to make healthcare more accessible General Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 1, 2017 11:10 AM ESTBMO introduces free Interac e-transfer for personal banking customers Mar 1, 2017 7:41 AM ESTSAP and Apple to release software developer kit for iPhone and iPad Feb 28, 2017 7:06 PM ESTSoundCloud goes after Spotify with new $6.99 CAD monthly subscription Feb 28, 2017 12:21 PM ESTMastercard announces Qkr with Masterpass expansion is coming to Canada Feb 27, 2017 9:43 PM ESTSAP, Amazon Web Services, and Deloitte launch digital transformation a... Syrup Community Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES SyrupCast Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES SyrupShop Lexar Professional 633x 64GB SDXC UHS-I Card AUKEY 40W / 8A 4 Port USB Travel Wall Charger Adapter SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions News PREVIOUS|NEXT Here’s where you can buy the Nintendo Switch online in Canada By Patrick O'Rourke Mar 3, 2017 2:58 AM EST 11 comments While the Nintendo Switch is available in-store at major retailers like Best Buy, WalMart, EB Games and basically any store that sells video game products in Canada, there are a number of online retailers releasing what are expected to be limited quantities of the console. For example, at 3am EST (midnight PST) on Friday, March 3rd, the Switch is set to go on sale on Amazon.ca, exclusively to Prime members as a ‘Prime Perk.’ Free two-day shipping will be available to all subscribers, with free same-day shipping only being available in Vancouver and Toronto. Free one-day shipping is available in Montreal. Best Buy is also selling the Nintendo Switch on BestBuy.ca on Friday, March 3rd at 12 Noon EST (9am PST). It’s likely that both these online sales will sell out rather quickly, so if you’re interested in picking up the console, your best bet is to have your finger sitting on the purchase button at one of the above times. As more Nintendo Switch units go on sale online in Canada, we’ll update this post. Here is a list of games and accessories for sale: 1-2-Switch The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild – Switch Edition The Legend of Zelda: Breath of the Wild Special Edition Joy-Con (L-R) – Neon Blue – Left and Right Edition Nintendo Switch Carry Case & Screen Protector Nintendo Switch Pro Controller Super Bomberman R – Switch – Edition Source: Amazon Canada Find our full review of the Nintendo Switch here. Facebook Twitter Google+ Linkedin Reddit Featured Articles Telus, Bell and Rogers offering 7GB and 10GB Quebec promo plans beginning at $62 Airbnb introduces Trips feature in Toronto after initial rollout last November Pixel 2 is coming later this year and staying ‘premium,’ according to Google’s ... Sony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Galaxy S8 screen to be called ‘Infinity Display,’ according to Samsung trademark appl... Sign-up for MobileSyrup news sent straight to your inbox Thank you for your subscription Related Articles News Mar 1, 2017 12:07 PM ESTNintendo announces over 60 indie games for the Switch Reviews Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today News Feb 24, 2017 12:45 PM ESTNintendo Switch adds indie game Snipperclips to launch lineup News Mar 1, 2017 12:18 PM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today [Video] Comments Chris Hernandez Just ordered mine on Amazon. I stayed up to make sure I got one. Tuesday can’t come quick enough. ComebackKid777 It’s 6am est. and there is still the grey one in stock on Amazon. There’s stock on ebgames also. AMB_07 I guess that’s proof that Nintendo got their act together as far as stock goes. Shogun Yea and what’s amazing is that manufacturing this is far more complex than the NES Classic would’ve been and yet they seriously dropped the ball on that thing. Still can’t find one anywhere unless you want to shell out scalper prices. AMB_07 NES Classic was supposed to be in limited supply, I guess theh underestimated just how popular it would get. Shogun Limited supply? I think when you find you can’t buy one anywhere its a little more than just ‘limited supply’ None were available from day one so what would’ve made sense is for these to be in abundance at release leading up to Christmas and today perhaps in more limited availability. Instead, its been totally limited from day one so I chalk it up to the typical incompetence that Nintendo has become known for. AMB_07 That is literally the definition of “Limited Supply” my friend, this was meant to be a temporary thing and there are already rumours that they’ve stopped production. Had we been talking about the Switch I would wholeheartedly agree with you but this is just a side niche product that’s probably dead now. I realize it’s popular enough to not be considered niche but I guess Nintendo saw it as niche. Nachotech $480 + tax to get the system plus Zelda. I guess if you’re a HUGE Zelda fan it’s worth it, but I wouldn’t pay that, especially with no other compelling games coming out anytime soon. Nintendo always creates an artificial shortage to try and create hype. Wait two weeks and you’ll find Switch systems everywhere; wait several months and there’ll be more than one game worth buying and possibly there’ll be a price drop if the system doesn’t sell well. Shogun I think you can pretty much count on a price drop within the next 6 months on this thing. Right now this just isn’t worth buying given the dearth of content and the fact this unit has little functionality beyond strictly playing games. monkeymo Nintendo is marketing this a games console first and foremost. Only Microsoft can actually push the the non gaming side on their console. Regarding price, its $299 USD, realistically we can see maybe a $20 discount NEXT YEAR, because they arent gonna drop it for the holidays especially since Mario is coming out in September. The price sucks in Canada, we can only hope for our dollar to shoot up (hahahaha) and maybe Nintendo won’t screw us on the conversion, though look at the other non-american regions, Australia has this priced at $469, or 280 POUNDS in the UK. Nintendo seriously priced this thing ridiculous outside the US. Alex Suleiman I wasn’t given the option for same/2 day shipping in Vancouver when I ordered at midnight.. did anyone else get it? Categories News Reviews Features Resources Business Syrup Community Contact us About Us / Tips Contests Social Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Google+ Reddit Newsletter Signup Thank you for your subscription © 2017 mobilesyrup.com Privacy. Terms of use. Menu News Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 5, 2017 7:03 AM ESTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 3, 2017 7:00 PM ESTPlayStation VR’s ‘Aim’ gun controller is coming in May Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 6:09 PM ESTAirbnb introduces Trips feature in Toronto after initial rollout last ... Mar 3, 2017 5:41 PM ESTAmazon to reportedly reveal Alexa-powered devices that can make phone ... All News Carriers Mar 5, 2017 7:03 AM ESTTop Canadian mobile stories from the past week Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 4:47 PM ESTMTS president and CEO Jay Forbes to depart when Bell acquisition closes Mar 3, 2017 3:06 PM ESTTelus, Bell and Rogers offering 7GB and 10GB Quebec promo plans beginn... Mar 3, 2017 8:39 AM ESTFreedom offering $100 credit on LTE plan to select upgrade customers Mar 2, 2017 9:04 PM ESTCRTC releases data on device unlock revenue made by Canadian carriers Mar 2, 2017 11:34 AM ESTMobileSyrup is now selling unique, Canadian-focused carrier t-shirts! Mar 2, 2017 10:17 AM ESTVirgin and Bell cut the no-contract price of the Samsung Galaxy S7 by ... Manufacturers Mar 2, 2017 8:58 PM ESTThis is the BlackBerry Aurora, runs Android 7.0 with a 5.5-inch touchs... Mar 2, 2017 8:04 PM ESTGoogle-branded Chromebooks aren’t actually dead, says hardware exec Mar 2, 2017 5:04 PM ESTBlackBerry’s Jim Mackey has left the company Feb 28, 2017 9:02 PM ESTGoogle exec says company has ‘no plans’ to continue making... Feb 28, 2017 10:30 AM ESTSamsung to use technology built by Canada’s NewNet to build its ... Feb 28, 2017 9:47 AM ESTSouth Korean authorities have formally charged Samsung heir Lee Jae-yong Feb 27, 2017 4:54 PM ESTMediaTek starts production on its 10nm Helio X30 processor Feb 27, 2017 10:44 AM ESTZTE unveils the world’s first 5G smartphone, the Gigabit Phone Phones Mar 3, 2017 10:16 AM ESTGalaxy S8 screen to be called ‘Infinity Display,’ accordin... Mar 3, 2017 9:15 AM ESTPixel 2 is coming later this year and staying ‘premium,’ a... Mar 2, 2017 2:20 PM ESTGoogle launches new ‘Playables,’ allowing users to test ou... Mar 2, 2017 11:14 AM EST‘Really Blue’ Google Pixel and Pixel XL are now available ... Mar 2, 2017 9:29 AM ESTBlackBerry’s latest licensed device will be called Aurora, revea... Mar 1, 2017 3:08 PM ESTOnePlus starts Android 7.1.1 beta test Mar 1, 2017 1:56 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy S8 photos show slim bezels and 3.5mm headphone jack Mar 1, 2017 10:55 AM ESTSamsung’s Galaxy S6 is now end-of-life at Bell and Virgin Tablets Mar 3, 2017 1:48 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab S3 now available for pre-order at Best Buy Canada Feb 27, 2017 10:43 AM ESTSamsung and Microsoft announce partnership on new Galaxy Book 2-in-1 a... Feb 26, 2017 1:43 PM ESTSamsung’s Galaxy Tab S3 is coming to Canada for $799 Feb 17, 2017 7:18 PM ESTAndroid Nougat now available on LG G Pad III 8.0 tablets on Fido Feb 6, 2017 10:14 AM ESTThe price is right with Lenovo’s thin new Yoga A12 2-in-1 Feb 1, 2017 10:09 AM ESTSamsung announces MWC keynote, likely to reveal Galaxy Tab S3 Jan 24, 2017 11:05 AM ESTDetachable Chrome OS tablets with Android app compatibility could be i... Jan 17, 2017 1:11 PM ESTMicrosoft drops prices on the Surface Pro 4 by up to $350 Wearables Mar 3, 2017 7:00 PM ESTPlayStation VR’s ‘Aim’ gun controller is coming in May Feb 28, 2017 11:22 AM ESTVirtual Rabbids and three other games set to launch on Google’s ... Feb 27, 2017 8:28 PM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – VR Porn is coming Feb 27, 2017 3:29 PM ESTSony’s PlayStation VR has sold 915,000 units since October Feb 27, 2017 2:37 PM ESTHTC’s Vive Deluxe Audio Strap is set to launch in June for $99 Feb 26, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSamsung reveals new Gear VR with included controller Feb 23, 2017 5:56 PM ESTHuawei Watch 2 images leak ahead of Mobile World Congress Feb 22, 2017 7:33 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly – The future through eSight’s wea... Virtual Reality Mar 1, 2017 8:41 AM ESTWaterloo-based VR arcade planning expansion across Canada Feb 28, 2017 4:13 PM ESTGoogle marks Mobile World Congress with several announcements about AR... Feb 28, 2017 10:49 AM ESTIkea invites Canadians to flip pancakes in a virtual reality kitchen Feb 21, 2017 10:30 AM ESTMicrosoft HoloLens AR headset successor reportedly coming in 2019 Feb 11, 2017 10:22 AM ESTNew Sony Playstation VR patent outlines HTC Vive-like tech Feb 10, 2017 2:29 PM ESTVR comes to Google Chrome Feb 9, 2017 11:43 AM ESTMolson Canadian and Sportsnet bring 360 VR to NHL broadcasts Feb 1, 2017 4:43 PM ESTSony to release more PlayStation VR bundles this month Apps/Games Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 3, 2017 6:09 PM ESTAirbnb introduces Trips feature in Toronto after initial rollout last ... Mar 3, 2017 4:51 PM ESTNintendo has plans to improve its cumbersome Friend Code system Mar 3, 2017 1:15 PM ESTNetflix to start airing Dave Chappelle specials on March 21st Mar 3, 2017 1:06 PM ESTMixed reality content coming to Xbox One and Project Scorpio in 2018 Mar 3, 2017 11:42 AM ESTCapcom is bringing more of its classic games to Android and iOS, inclu... Mar 3, 2017 2:58 AM ESTHere’s where you can buy the Nintendo Switch online in Canada Mar 2, 2017 7:29 PM ESTTwitter to livestream ESL and DreamHack eSports tournaments Automotive Feb 28, 2017 7:34 PM ESTVideo shows Uber CEO Kalanick arguing with driver over decreasing fares Feb 24, 2017 7:30 AM ESTQualcomm joins ‘Towards 5G’ to help make cars communicate Feb 23, 2017 7:01 PM ESTAlphabet-owned Waymo sues Uber for allegedly stealing driverless car tech Feb 23, 2017 8:30 AM ESTJaguar launches in-car payments feature in partnership with Shell Feb 21, 2017 4:47 PM ESTTesla continues Canadian expansion with additional dealership and R... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Feb 14, 2017 5:48 PM ESTHyundai Canada adds Apple CarPlay to three 2017 cars Accessories Mar 3, 2017 5:41 PM ESTAmazon to reportedly reveal Alexa-powered devices that can make phone ... Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 26, 2017 12:33 PM ESTMotorola announces Gamepad, Alexa and other new mods for its Moto Z se... Feb 19, 2017 2:11 PM ESTThis ballpoint pen doubles as an up to 1,000mAh battery charger Feb 14, 2017 8:21 PM ESTNest Cams are now able to detect what a door is Feb 10, 2017 8:33 PM ESTMotorola’s ‘Transform the Smartphone’ Moto Mods chal... Feb 10, 2017 8:39 AM EST$179.95 Beats X wireless headphones now available in Canada Feb 7, 2017 4:18 PM ESTApple’s wireless Beats X headphones set to launch on February 10th Reviews Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM ESTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS All Reviews Phones Feb 27, 2017 11:41 PM ESTLG G6 Hands-on: An imperfect step up Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XZ Premium Hands-on: Smart camera package, shiny look Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTSony Xperia XA1 and Xperia XA1 Ultra Hands-on: A look at Sony’s ... Feb 11, 2017 3:49 PM ESTHP Elite X3 Review: A super phablet that’s stuck with a faltering OS Jan 30, 2017 9:06 AM ESTBlackBerry’s Mercury smartphone to include the same camera senso... Jan 27, 2017 9:30 AM ESTAxon 7 Mini Hands-on: Small phone, big sound Dec 27, 2016 8:02 PM ESTHTC 10, six months later Dec 17, 2016 1:09 PM ESTOnePlus 3T Mini Review: Victory lap Tablets Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTSurface Book i7 Review: One for the pros Aug 9, 2016 3:32 PM ESTAcer Switch Alpha 12 review: Not the affordable Surface Pro 4 alternat... May 25, 2016 5:30 PM ESTSamsung Galaxy Tab Pro S review: An overpriced first crack at the 2-in... May 4, 2016 2:10 PM ESTKindle Oasis review: The best e-reader is not worth the price of a hig... Mar 21, 2016 5:20 PM EST9.7-inch iPad Pro Hands-on: Same tablet, smaller build Feb 8, 2016 12:31 PM ESTAre big tablets the future of small TVs? Samsung thinks so Dec 8, 2015 1:00 PM ESTGoogle Pixel C tablet lightning review Nov 20, 2015 9:01 AM ESTSurface Pro 4 review: Microsoft perfects the laptop/tablet hybrid formula Wearables Feb 3, 2017 4:27 PM ESTAsus ZenWatch 3 Review: Finally, another great Android Wear device Jan 31, 2017 7:31 AM ESTW|W: The Wearable Weekly — Google is just happy to be nominated Jan 11, 2017 2:39 PM ESTLowdown Focus Hands-on: Toronto’s Interaxon and Safilo join forces Nov 13, 2016 2:12 PM ESTFitbit Flex 2 review: The barebones tracker for the fitness rookie Oct 12, 2016 12:53 PM ESTCharge 2 Review: Fitbit’s best tracker yet may not be the best f... Aug 2, 2016 1:00 PM ESTSamsung Gear VR Hands-on: A minor facelift Jul 5, 2016 12:26 PM ESTSamsung Gear Fit 2 review: Surprisingly feature-rich at $250 May 5, 2016 4:40 PM ESTFitbit Alta review: The perfect Fitbit for almost everyone Accessories Mar 4, 2017 12:26 PM ESTBragi Dash review: too much, too fast Feb 27, 2017 2:45 AM ESTXperia Touch Hands-on: Sony’s Android-based projector Jan 5, 2017 10:18 AM ESTLinksys Velop router hands-on: Mesh Wi-Fi of the future Dec 10, 2016 10:00 AM ESTNative Union’s Dock+ charging stand review: High-end charging Oct 3, 2016 11:25 AM ESTMoto Mods review: Decent start Sep 19, 2016 6:33 PM ESTAirPods Review: Welcome to the wireless future Sep 4, 2016 12:33 PM ESTSamsung Gear 360 review: Spherical eye Aug 31, 2016 11:30 AM ESTVancouver-based Hitcase’s rugged cases transform your iPhone int... Automotive Feb 20, 2017 2:00 PM ESTCarr-E Hands-on: A look at Ford’s ‘last mile’ gizmo Jan 25, 2017 10:52 AM ESTChevrolet Bolt EV Hands-on: Charging forward Jan 3, 2017 6:44 PM ESTIn-car video streaming options are poised to grow Dec 28, 2016 3:04 PM EST2017 Lexus RX infotainment Review: Staying the course Nov 26, 2016 12:06 PM EST2017 Cadillac CT6 Sedan Hands-on: Checking out Cadillac’s new connec... Nov 8, 2016 10:38 AM ESTAndroid Auto 2.0 review: Google bridges the infotainment gap Jul 16, 2016 11:48 AM EST2016 Honda Civic infotainment review: CarPlay and Android Auto take over Dec 31, 2015 10:02 AM ESTAndroid Auto review Games Mar 1, 2017 9:00 AM ESTNintendo Switch Review: Forward looking, but not ready today Jan 28, 2017 12:26 AM ESTNintendo Switch Hands-on: Compelling concept with few games to back it up Jan 7, 2017 1:22 PM ESTRun (or speed-walk) for your life with Zombies, Run! [Game of the Week] Jan 1, 2017 5:27 PM ESTBring in the New Year with Table Tennis [Game of the Week] Dec 24, 2016 9:29 AM ESTRollerCoaster Tycoon Classic faithfully recreates the classic PC game ... Dec 19, 2016 4:24 PM ESTSuper Mario Run Review: Nintendo nails its mobile landing Dec 17, 2016 10:33 AM ESTNintendo finally takes mobile seriously with Super Mario Run [Game of ... Dec 11, 2016 5:55 PM ESTRetro Winter Sports 1986 is a Commodore 64 throwback [Game of the Week] Apps Oct 20, 2016 1:02 PM ESTAeronaut is the prettiest memory game you ever did see [Game of the Week] Oct 4, 2016 9:02 AM ESTHands-on with the Gears of War 4 Limited Edition Xbox One S bundle Oct 3, 2016 9:03 AM ESTFacebook introduces new Messenger ‘Lite’ app for Android a... Sep 11, 2016 10:00 AM ESTScience News & Discoveries keeps you up-to-date on the world of s... Sep 3, 2016 10:26 AM ESTManage your smartphone addiction with Forest [App of the Week] Aug 21, 2016 2:36 PM ESTSquare Enix Montreal does it again with Deus Ex Go [Game of the Week] Aug 7, 2016 12:44 PM ESTDots & Co lets you connect the dots [Game of the week] Aug 6, 2016 2:30 PM ESTKeep tabs on Canada’s Olympic progress with CBC Rio 2016 [App of... Virtual Reality Jan 8, 2017 2:00 PM ESTIntel’s Project Alloy Hands-on: Shooting drones in merged reality Jan 4, 2017 10:32 AM ESTA look at Lenovo’s VR headset and Windows Holographic VR Dec 5, 2016 10:00 AM ESTOculus Rift with Touch Review: The Vive meets its match Nov 10, 2016 9:00 AM ESTGoogle Daydream View Review: Beyond Cardboard Oct 5, 2016 8:04 AM ESTPlayStation VR review: High-end virtual reality goes mainstream Sep 1, 2016 5:42 PM ESTPlayStation VR is high-end virtual reality’s best chance at main... Carriers Nov 25, 2016 9:31 AM EST2016 MacBook Pro with Touch Bar review: The future creates difficultie... Features Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] All Features Carriers Feb 14, 2017 1:59 PM ESTDevice unlocking takes centre stage at CRTC Wireless Code review Jan 26, 2017 6:00 AM ESTTelus leads Rogers and Bell in network speeds, according to OpenSignal Jan 18, 2017 10:55 AM ESTHow fast is Freedom Mobile’s LTE network in Toronto? Jan 16, 2017 12:52 PM ESTBlackBerry discusses the future of BB10 Jan 14, 2017 1:40 PM EST7 wearable trends at CES 2017 Jan 11, 2017 8:30 AM EST10 AR and VR trends at CES 2017 Jan 10, 2017 7:37 AM ESTHonda and Visa aim to soon let you pay for things from inside your car Jan 9, 2017 1:51 PM ESTQi sees ‘the finish line’ in wireless charging arms race Editorials Feb 14, 2017 1:28 PM ESTGoogle Pixel revisited: Does it live up to the hype? Feb 1, 2017 12:02 PM ESTThe Switch should be competing with the iPad, not the Xbox One or PS4 Jan 14, 2017 6:03 PM EST3 takeaways from Nintendo’s Switch keynote presentation Dec 29, 2016 12:54 PM ESTEvery Android owner should check out the OnePlus Bullets V2 headphones Dec 10, 2016 1:02 PM ESTWhy I switched from a DSLR to Panasonic’s G85 mirrorless micro f... Nov 30, 2016 11:00 AM ESTCan Apple’s iPad Pro actually replace a laptop? Nov 19, 2016 11:00 AM ESTWhy I settled on LG’s Stylo 2 Plus as my Galaxy Note 7 replacement Nov 17, 2016 2:00 AM ESTApple’s MacBook Pro Touch Bar is a fascinating experiment full o... App/Game of the Week Mar 5, 2017 6:51 PM ESTFind the funny pages in your DMs with ComicBot [Bot of the Week] Mar 5, 2017 4:16 PM ESTJoin the pixelated ‘Adventures of Pip’ [Game of the Week] Mar 4, 2017 9:58 AM ESTBuild your own universe with Space [App of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 5:08 PM ESTLet the world help you make decisions with Swelly Bot [Bot of the Week] Feb 25, 2017 1:31 PM ESTGet lit in ‘Lit the Torch’ [Game of the Week] Feb 20, 2017 3:01 PM ESTCringe harder than ever before with the Fifty Shades chatbot [Bot of t... Feb 19, 2017 6:17 PM ESTNever make a packing list again with PackPoint [App of the week] Feb 18, 2017 6:28 PM ESTMontreal-developed Ok Golf is refined to a tee [Game of the Week] Buyers' Guide Nov 1, 2016 4:34 PM ESTAmazon opens Black Friday Store with discounts on thousands of items Jun 17, 2016 11:23 AM ESTFather’s Day Gift Guide for the Fitness dad Jun 15, 2016 3:09 PM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Entertainment Dad Jun 14, 2016 11:44 AM ESTFather’s Day gift guide for the Gamer Dad Dec 2, 2015 4:45 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Wearables Dec 1, 2015 5:20 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Tablets Nov 30, 2015 6:15 PM ESTHoliday Gift Guide 2015: Smartphones Aug 19, 2015 4:29 PM ESTThe Best Wearables for Back To School General Mar 4, 2017 4:33 PM ESTThe Last Guardian – A Boy and his Bird-Dog [This Week in Gaming] Mar 1, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBluetooth use on Canadian airlines is still up in the air Feb 27, 2017 9:16 AM ESTWhat the P10 launch in Canada means for Huawei Feb 23, 2017 3:25 PM ESTEverything you need to know about the ‘Netflix Tax’ Feb 22, 2017 4:01 AM ESTCanada ranks 12th in the world for overall data speed, says Open Signal Feb 20, 2017 6:00 PM ESTResident Evil 7 is an impressive return to the series’ terrifyin... Feb 20, 2017 1:48 PM ESTHorizon Zero Dawn features one of gaming’s most fascinating worl... Feb 20, 2017 11:00 AM ESTInfotainment now playing bigger role at the Canadian AutoShow Resources Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster All Resources How-to's Mar 3, 2017 12:23 PM ESTHow to use APN settings for Canadian carriers Feb 20, 2017 1:43 PM ESTHow to do a factory reset in Windows 10 Mobile or Windows Phone 8.1 Feb 14, 2017 1:07 PM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save data on iOS Feb 10, 2017 3:04 PM ESTHow to watch the Grammy Awards in Canada Feb 8, 2017 3:32 PM EST4 tips to help new Fire Emblem Heroes players get the most out of the ... Feb 8, 2017 11:32 AM ESTHow to avoid bill shock and save mobile data on Android Feb 3, 2017 2:12 PM ESTHow to watch Super Bowl LI in Canada Feb 1, 2017 6:22 PM ESTTwo long press tips that make Twitter for iOS faster Rate Plans Business Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 6:48 PM ESTCRTC claims there’s no link between ads decision and Super Bowl ... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM ESTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Mar 1, 2017 5:16 PM ESTSnap prices IPO between $21 and $23 per share Mar 1, 2017 11:10 AM ESTBMO introduces free Interac e-transfer for personal banking customers All Business Carriers Feb 3, 2017 3:12 PM ESTThis is the last day to get Public Mobile’s late-2016 promo plan... Feb 2, 2017 8:31 AM ESTBell Q4 2016 Earnings: Subscriber base now at 8,468,872, $1.88b in rev... Feb 2, 2017 8:22 AM ESTTelus registers Digital City trademark to expand IoT focus Jan 26, 2017 12:15 PM ESTRogers Q4 2016 earnings: Average postpaid subscriber bill increases by... Jan 18, 2017 3:16 PM ESTBell’s residential service rates are increasing Jan 12, 2017 8:57 AM ESTShaw Q1 2017: Shaw quarterly profit cut in half due to Shomi shutdown Jan 12, 2017 7:44 AM ESTRogers registers ‘Other People’s Business’ trademark... Jan 11, 2017 7:11 PM ESTShaw launches new BlueSky IPTV platform to compete with Telus’ O... Security & Privacy Mar 2, 2017 11:52 AM ESTSlack fixes bug that granted hackers access to accounts and messages Feb 24, 2017 3:39 PM ESTCineplex Entertainment encourages password changes following thefts on... Feb 16, 2017 12:00 PM ESTYahoo may be warning users about another potential data breach Feb 13, 2017 4:17 PM ESTReports of data breaches in Canada to go up in 2017, say experts Feb 13, 2017 1:32 PM ESTBlackBerry forms new partnership with Isara to promote secure quantum ... Feb 7, 2017 3:05 PM ESTBlackBerry launches BBM Enterprise software development kit Feb 3, 2017 12:28 PM ESTCSIS unsure how many Canadians affected by illegal data program Jan 26, 2017 6:27 PM ESTD-Wave has a customer for its $15 million quantum computer Infrastructure Mar 2, 2017 8:44 AM ESTThe sharing economy is growing in popularity among Canadians, says fed... Feb 18, 2017 10:12 AM ESTThere is now free Wi-Fi at 54 TTC locations ahead of 2018 subway tunne... Jan 17, 2017 9:53 AM ESTCIRA accepting applications from web-based non-profits for funding grant Jan 13, 2017 7:36 AM ESTMiovision partners with U of T, launches lab to help cities make sense... Jan 10, 2017 3:27 PM ESTHTML500 aims to teach 2500 Canadians to code, expands to nine cities Jan 2, 2017 7:57 PM ESTRogers may be expanding ‘Rogers-EXT’ Dec 6, 2016 1:48 PM ESTSaskTel expands LTE coverage in southwestern Saskatchewan Nov 23, 2016 12:17 PM ESTVirgin Mobile’s home internet service expands to Quebec Cloud Feb 9, 2017 6:04 PM ESTSnap to buy $1 billion in cloud services from Amazon following rocky IPO Feb 9, 2017 8:42 AM ESTYork University launches two new data science certifications to fill e... Feb 8, 2017 5:17 PM ESTGoogle launches cloud search service for enterprise customers using G ... Feb 3, 2017 2:25 PM ESTSnap to invest $2 billion over five years into Google cloud infrastruc... Feb 2, 2017 2:21 PM ESTOntario investing $75 million over five years in big data initiatives Jan 25, 2017 9:00 AM ESTCanadian AI innovators, your time is now Jan 24, 2017 7:31 AM ESTIntuit launches QuickBooks app for iOS and Android to help Canadians f... Jan 18, 2017 8:03 PM ESTIBM and Bell Canada partner to offer enterprise apps for iPhone users Healthcare Feb 1, 2017 9:02 PM ESTHealth insurance startup League partners with GoodLife Fitness and Boo... Feb 1, 2017 7:32 AM ESTOver 70 percent of U.S. medical students use Toronto-based Figure 1 Oct 13, 2016 9:00 PM ESTReport shows most Canadian healthcare providers use electronic medical... Aug 6, 2016 10:42 AM ESTSun Life Financial launches new division to expand digital health cove... Jul 12, 2016 3:55 PM ESTMaRS and Sun Life Financial partner to expand health and fintech innov... Jul 12, 2016 12:07 PM ESTTelus report reveals that Canadians want to use tech to manage their h... Apr 11, 2016 9:59 AM ESTTelus investing $1 billion in Ontario to build out LTE networks, Healt... Jun 22, 2015 10:56 AM ESTHow smartphones are being used to make healthcare more accessible General Mar 5, 2017 11:58 AM ESTUniversity of Waterloo becomes the only Canadian school backed by Amaz... Mar 3, 2017 11:04 AM ESTFormer Rogers executive John Boynton hired as Torstar’s new CEO Mar 3, 2017 7:41 AM ESTToronto-based receipt management app Sensibill raises $17.3 million Mar 1, 2017 11:10 AM ESTBMO introduces free Interac e-transfer for personal banking customers Mar 1, 2017 7:41 AM ESTSAP and Apple to release software developer kit for iPhone and iPad Feb 28, 2017 7:06 PM ESTSoundCloud goes after Spotify with new $6.99 CAD monthly subscription Feb 28, 2017 12:21 PM ESTMastercard announces Qkr with Masterpass expansion is coming to Canada Feb 27, 2017 9:43 PM ESTSAP, Amazon Web Services, and Deloitte launch digital transformation a... Syrup Community Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES All Syrup Community SyrupCast Mar 3, 2017 2:26 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 110: MWC power rankings and prison mixtapes Feb 24, 2017 5:58 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 109: Qualcomm vs. everybody and Mobile World Congress Feb 17, 2017 2:44 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 108: Wireless Code wizardry and Manitoba merger Feb 10, 2017 4:34 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast Ep. 107: Owner of an ‘unlocked’ heart Feb 3, 2017 2:11 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 106: The Super Bowl of Android Wear is coming Jan 27, 2017 1:13 PM ESTSyrupCast Ep. 105: Will the Samsung Galaxy S8 still sell? Jan 20, 2017 2:14 PM ESTSyrupCast 104: ‘Switching’ to Freedom’s LTE network Jan 13, 2017 2:37 PM ESTSyrupCast Podcast 103: Automotive tech is the new darling of CES SyrupShop Lexar Professional 633x 64GB SDXC UHS-I Card AUKEY 40W / 8A 4 Port USB Travel Wall Charger Adapter SanDisk Ultra 64GB microSDXC UHS-I Card with Adapter Motorola 'Moto G4 PLUS' (XT1641) AmazonBasics Apple Certified Lightning to USB Cable - 6 Feet SyrupForum Recent Topics Carriers Platforms Manufacturers General Discussions Contact Us Contests
Skip to content MilTech pr@satprnews.com Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 3 March 2017 by Military News New Research: Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market Expected To Consume the Largest Market Share, By 2021 Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market Research Report covers the present scenario and the growth prospects of the Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Industry for 2016-2020. Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market, has been prepared based on an in-depth market analysis with inputs from industry experts. The report covers the market landscape and its growth prospects over the coming years and discussion of the key vendors effective in this market. To calculate the market size, the report considers the revenue generated from the sales of Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling globally. For further information on this report, please visit- http://www.marketreportsworld.com/10293219 The report contains a comprehensive market and vendor landscape in addition to a SWOT analysis of the key vendors. The study was conducted using an objective combination of primary and secondary information including inputs from key participants in the industry. Following Companies Are Key Players of the Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market: Applied Robotics SAS Automation ATI Industrial Automation Robotiq Other Prominent Vendors of Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market Are: ASS End of Arm Tooling Bastian Solutions EMI DESTACO Vacucom Robo-Tool FIPA Schunk Festo IPR Robotics Pneubotics Soft Robotics Motion Control Robotics Research Expert’s commented on the report: “The latest trend gaining momentum in the market is increase of robotic implementation in e-commerce industry. Growing online shopping has boosted the growth of the e-commerce sector over the last decade, especially in developing countries such as India where the government is focusing on smart cities and digital nation. The major e-commerce retailers such as the Amazon, Apple, Dell, and Walmart are struggling to adapt the fulfillment needs of the growing online ordering and delivering. Thus, they have started embodying smart robotics technology in the warehouse and delivering operations.” Ask Sample PDF of Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market Report @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/request-sample/10293219   According to the report, one of the major drivers for this market is growth in popularity of cobots. Traditionally, industrial robots used in packaging applications were kept behind barriers or cages to prevent contact from humans by accident. To ensure safety, multiple safety measures regulate the use of these robots, such as restricting their motion to the human-free territory with safety interlocks that halt the robot’s movements when humans enter those zones. Report also presents Geographical Segmentation analysis of Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling Market of Americas, APAC, EMEA region.   For Any Query, Contact Our Expert @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/enquiry/pre-order-enquiry/10293219 Further, the report states that one of the major factors hindering the growth of this market is high initial cost of robotic implementation. The high initial cost of robots and their implementation is a major challenge restricting the growth of the global robotic EOAT market. Plant automation will include industrial robot price; peripheral equipment such as sensors, safety barriers, programmable logic controller (PLCs), human machine interface (HMIs), and safety systems; and engineering costs such as programming, installation, commissioning. Key questions answered in Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling market report: What will the Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling market size be in 2020 and what will the growth rate be? What are the key market trends? What is driving Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling market? What are the challenges to Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling market growth? Who are the key vendors in Robotics End-of-Arm Tooling market space? What are the market opportunities and threats faced by the key vendors? What are the strengths and weaknesses of the key vendors?   No of Pages: 61 Price of Report: $ 2500 (Single User License) Purchase Report @ http://www.marketreportsworld.com/purchase/10293219 About Market Reports World: Market Reports World is the credible source for gaining the market research reports that will exponentially accelerate your business. We are among the leading report resellers in the business world committed towards optimizing your business. The reports we provide are based on a research that covers a magnitude of factors such as technological evolution, economic shifts and a detailed study of market segments. Contact– Mr. Ameya Pingaley Market Reports World +1 408 520 9750 Email – sales@marketreportsworld.com http://www.marketreportsworld.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsBest Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry Report, Best Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market Report, Business, Companies, Google News, Industry, Latest Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry Report, Latest Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market Report, Markets, Nation, Research, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry forecast, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry growth, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry Report, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry shares, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Industry size, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market Analysis, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market Growth, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market Report, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market shares, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market Size, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Market Trends, Robotics End-Of-Arm Tooling Report, satPRnews, World Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Latest Report Reveals Details about the Wider Scope and Stratified Research Methodology Offshore Oil and Gas Seismic Equipment and Acquisitions Market across the Globe By 2021 Next PostNext New Market Research Report: Global SBC and its Derivatives Market 2021 with Business Offerings Trends Analysis Quantitative Forecasting Search Recent Posts Allergy Partners Provides Tips About Dry, Itchy Winter Skin YPO’s annual EDGE conference makes global impact YPO’s annual EDGE conference makes global impact Indkaldelse til ordinær generalforsamling i Brøndbyernes I.F. Fodbold A/S Aktia tarjoaa kumppaneilleen uusia yhteistyömuotoja Proudly powered by WordPress
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Aqueduct crash leaves 1 dead; 2 injured, 1 possibly missing Thursday Mar 2, 2017 at 8:36 PM Mar 3, 2017 at 10:15 AM By Staff Reports HESPERIA — Authorities said one person died when a vehicle crashed into the California Aqueduct late Thursday, two others were rescued and a search was still underway for a possible fourth victim. The incident was initially reported as a crash with extrication on Main Street between Pyrite and Escondido avenues just before 7 p.m. Thursday, according to San Bernardino County Fire Department spokesman Eric Spies, who said fire personnel arrived and found that a young child had been ejected from the vehicle just before it fell into the aqueduct. The child reported that two others were still in the vehicle, prompting a response from both County Fire and San Bernardino County Sheriff’s Department officials. Jacob Robles, a Hesperia resident, said he was leaving the Walmart parking lot on Main Street when he saw a cloud of “dust and debris” from the crash. “It all happened so fast,” Robles said. “It looked like the vehicle swerved into the dirt (off the roadway), crashed through the fence and into the aqueduct.” Another witness, who declined to provide his name, said the vehicle was airborne and “went up like a rocket” just before it landed in the aqueduct. Robles and other passersby helped rescue the boy that was ejected from the vehicle. Robles said the boy informed them his mother and two younger brothers were still inside. “He was conscious, he knew who he was, but he had a deep gash over his left eye,” Robles said. Another witness shared the sentiment, while adding that the boy’s skull was showing from the gash. The child was taken to Loma Linda University Medical Center for treatment, Spies said, but further details on his condition weren’t available. The submerged vehicle, which appeared to be a red VW Beetle, was found by Sheriff’s dive team members around 7:30 p.m. One more child was rescued and was taken to a local hospital for treatment, Spies said. Officials didn’t have further details on the rescued victim’s condition Thursday night. Spies said the rescue was switched to a “recovery effort” after the vehicle was under water for about 2 hours. The vehicle was pulled out of the aqueduct just before 9 p.m., and a deceased adult was found. The identity of the deceased person is being withheld pending positive identification and notification of next of kin. Hesperia Sheriff’s Station Sgt. Ron Goddard said officials received “conflicting reports” about the number of passengers in the vehicle, and a possible fourth victim was believed to still be in the aqueduct. Dive team members continued their search late Thursday. Goddard said specifics on the crash were still being investigated and it wasn’t immediately clear how the crash occurred. The Hesperia Sheriff’s Station Major Accident Investigation Team was requested to conduct the investigation. Main Street was shut down in both directions between Pyrite and Escondido avenues following the incident. Goddard said the closure was expected to last for “several, several hours,” as the investigation and search continued. The incident remains under investigation by the Hesperia Sheriff’s Station. Paola Baker may be reached at 760-955-5332 or PBaker@VVDailyPress.com. Follow her on Twitter at @DP_PaolaBaker. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Advertise With Us Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Subscribe Now Print• Digital• Give A Gift Sections ▼ ▲ Today Magazine Writers Podcasts Books & Arts Newsletters Events Store Subscribe Now Print• Digital• Give a Gift Customer Service Online Access Renew Make A Payment Give A Gift Desktop View Login Logout Sections ▼ ▲ Today Magazine Writers Podcasts Books & Arts Newsletters Events Store Advanced Search March 13, 2017 Vol. 22, No. 26 ARCHIVES DOWNLOAD Editorial Critical but Not Serious The Courage Deficit Trump's Fake Defense Buildup The Right Way to Repeal Articles A Tale of Two Speeches The Adult in the Room Pioneering Press Critic An Opportunity for Environmentalists Are We Up to the Job? Features The Truth About Sweden The Power of the Presidential Pen Scrapbook Dem Response Pedestrian Cross-ing This Week in Trumpoplexy Fizzy Math Fish Story Pride of Place--Sort of Books & Arts Picture Imperfect Assault on Justice Hardy the Londoner Remains of the Day Joy in the Mourning 'Moonlight' Sonata Casual Mnemonic Possession Parody Just Another Burning Man William Kristol Fred Barnes Christopher Caldwell Jay Cost Terry Eastland Ethan Epstein Andrew Ferguson Stephen F. Hayes Mark Hemingway Jonathan V. Last Matt Labash Victorino Matus John McCormack Lee Smith Richard Starr Jim Swift Philip Terzian Kelly Jane Torrance Michael Warren Scroll down for next story THE MAGAZINE: From the March 13 Issue Pride of Place--Sort of The craft beer market continues to surge, and this being America, that means a burgeoning market for litigation. Among the lawsuits that have been brewing is a case filed last month accusing Walmart of peddling as “craft" beer the product of an industrial-scale brewer. Now comes another class-action writ, one accusing the Kona Brewing Co. of selling ostensibly Hawaiian-made beer—brews with names such as "Longboard Island Lager" and "Big Wave Golden Ale"—that are actually suds produced and bottled on the mainland. If so, Kona joins a prestigious list of prominent beers that are not from where they appear. If you have a taste for Japanese beer, you've probably noticed that your can of Sapporo is made in Canada. Mar 13, 2017 | By THE SCRAPBOOK The Weekly Standard Sorry, you've reached the limit on the articles you can view. Photo credit: Etsy The craft beer market continues to surge, and this being America, that means a burgeoning market for litigation. Among the lawsuits that have been brewing is a case filed last month accusing Walmart of peddling as “craft" beer the product of an industrial-scale brewer. Now comes another class-action writ, one accusing the Kona Brewing Co. of selling ostensibly Hawaiian-made beer—brews with names such as "Longboard Island Lager" and "Big Wave Golden Ale"—that are actually suds produced and bottled on the mainland. If so, Kona joins a prestigious list of prominent beers that are not from where they appear. If you have a taste for Japanese beer, you've probably noticed that your can of Sapporo is made in Canada. For the U.S. market that icon of British beer, Bass Ale, is made in New Hampshire. Guinness is setting up a brewery in Maryland. Of course, anyone who has lived in Hawaii knows that the real Hawaiian beer is a brand called Primo. As a youth, we're not too proud to admit, The Scrapbook learned the essential island craft of making hats by crocheting together sections of Primo cans. The Primo brewery long ago was shuttered—a victim of the brand being sold from one holding company to another. But now Primo is available again, part of the large stable of orphan brands owned by the Pabst group. Could it, at last, be real Hawaiian beer? Well, the Primo website doesn't exactly say where the stuff is brewed, but if you want more info, you're welcome to contact the Primo Brewing & Malting Company at their P.O. box—in San Antonio, Texas. Web Link: http://www.weeklystandard.com/article/2007064 Next Page Article Tagsbeer, The Scrapbook, Scrapbook Share Respond To THE SCRAPBOOK Like Us More Stories From The Issue of March 13, 2017 ▲ Picture Imperfect By Edward Short Critical but Not Serious By WILLIAM KRISTOL The Truth About Sweden By Paulina Neuding A Tale of Two Speeches By FRED BARNES The Adult in the Room By MICHAEL WARREN Pioneering Press Critic By PHILIP TERZIAN An Opportunity for Environmentalists By Irwin M. Stelzer Are We Up to the Job? By JAY COST Just Another Burning Man By Weekly Standard Dem Response By Michael Ramirez Pedestrian Cross-ing By THE SCRAPBOOK This Week in Trumpoplexy By THE SCRAPBOOK Fizzy Math By THE SCRAPBOOK Fish Story By THE SCRAPBOOK Pride of Place--Sort of By THE SCRAPBOOK The Courage Deficit By STEPHEN F. HAYES Trump's Fake Defense Buildup By Thomas Donnelly and Gary Schmitt The Right Way to Repeal By MARK HEMINGWAY The Power of the Presidential Pen By Adam J. White Assault on Justice By ALICE B. LLOYD Hardy the Londoner By William H. Pritchard Remains of the Day By Wray Herbert Joy in the Mourning By Andrew T. Walker 'Moonlight' Sonata By JOHN PODHORETZ Mnemonic Possession By Joseph Bottum ▼ THE MAGAZINE March 13, 2017 View All Issues Subscribe Today! Download The Weekly Standard http://assets.weeklystandard.com.s3.amazonaws.com/tws15/images/logo-large.png The Weekly Standard 2017 Washington, DC Politics 2017-03-03 March 13, 2017 http://www.weeklystandard.com/pride-of-place-sort-of/article/2007064 2017-03-03T01:55 2017-03-03T00:01 Pride of Place--Sort of The craft beer market continues to surge, and this being America, that means a burgeoning market for litigation. Among the lawsuits that have been brewing is a case filed last month accusing Walmart of peddling as “craft beer the product of an industrial-scale brewer. Now comes another class-action writ, one accusing the Kona Brewing Co. of selling ostensibly Hawaiian-made beer—brews with names such as Longboard Island Lager and Big Wave Golden Ale—that are actually suds produced and bottled on the mainland. If so, Kona joins a prestigious list of prominent beers that are not from where they appear. If you have a taste for Japanese beer, you've probably noticed that your can of Sapporo is made in Canada. For the U.S. market that icon of British beer, Bass Ale, is made in New Hampshire. Guinness is setting up a brewery in Maryland. Of course, anyone who has lived in Hawaii knows that the real Hawaiian beer is a brand called Primo. As a youth, we're not too proud to admit, The Scrapbook learned the essential island craft of making hats by crocheting together sections of Primo cans. beer, The Scrapbook, Scrapbook http://cdn.weeklystandard.biz/cache/280x280-723df77b55c71cbebface3c38da95a8d.jpg http://cdn.weeklystandard.biz/cache/280x280-723df77b55c71cbebface3c38da95a8d.jpg 280280 Login Logout Home Site▲ Magazine Today Podcasts Books & Arts Newsletter Events Store Search Magazine▲ Staff All Issues Editorials Features Articles Books & Arts Scrapbook Casual Parody Writers▲ William Kristol Fred Barnes Claudia Anderson Jeffrey H. Anderson Max Boot Joseph Bottum Christopher Caldwell Tucker Carlson Matthew Continetti Jay Cost Terry Eastland Noemie Emery Ethan Epstein Joseph Epstein Andrew Ferguson David Frum David Gelernter Reuel Marc Gerecht Michael Goldfarb Daniel Halper Mary Katharine Ham Stephen F. Hayes Mark Hemingway Brit Hume Thomas Joscelyn Frederick W. Kagan Charles Krauthammer Matt Labash Jonathan V. Last Yuval Levin Tod Lindberg Victorino Matus John McCormack Geoffrey Norman P.J. O'Rourke John Podhoretz Bill Roggio Gary Schmitt Stephen Schwartz Lee Smith Richard Starr Irwin M. Stelzer Jim Swift Philip Terzian Kelly Jane Torrance Michael Warren Advertise About Us Contact Us Subscribe © Copyright 2017 The Weekly Standard LLC - A Weekly Conservative Magazine & Blog. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy | Terms of Use × Respond to Author × Login Contact Us Loading ... Print subscribers, if you don't already have a WeeklyStandard.com account, click here to activate. × ... × Login to your account Sorry, your email/password combination was incorrect. Please correct and try again. You have successfully logged in. Please wait... Email Password Forgot your password? Sorry, we couldn't find your email. Please correct and try again. You have successfully reset your password. Please check your email for further instructions. Return to Login Email Print subscribers, if you don't already have a WeeklyStandard.com account, click here to activate.
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to sidebar News National More Ontario man jailed — again — for running ‘deplorable’ fake cancer charity scam Jane Sims, Postmedia Network  03.03.2017 Shaun Hofmans is no stranger to court, having just boosted his criminal record to more than 100 convictions, about three-quarters of them for fraud. ShareAdjustCommentPrint Fraudster extraordinaire Shaun Hofmans, who fleeced Southwestern Ontario businesses in a crime spree in the name of a fake cancer charity, stood in court and spoke in a voice a little louder than a whisper. “I’m just asking for one chance,” he said Thursday after pleading guilty to more than 20 charges, boosting his criminal record to more than 100 convictions, about three-quarters of them for fraud. “I have a very long record, I understand, but I can’t do this anymore,” he said. But like the boy who cried wolf way too many times, Hofmans ran out of chances. “He’s incorrigible,” said Ontario Court Justice John Skowronski, the same judge who sentenced Hofmans two years ago to eight months in jail for the same criminal nonsense that he ran out of his London basement apartment. “This has been his occupation. It’s sad but true,” the judge said. Scamming people for money in the name of a cancer charity, he said, is “brazen” and “deplorable.” “How can you trust anything this man says?” Skowronski asked. This time, instead of jail, the total sentence was four years in prison. How can you trust anything this man says? Factoring in time spent in custody since last April, Hofmans has two years and eight months left to serve. Within weeks of completing his 2015 sentence, and despite an order from Skowronski banning him from any charity work for five years, Hofmans, 37, hit the road with cheque books for his fake charity SPH Cancer Foundation and began to tap mostly grocery stores — Foodlands, No Frills, Real Canadian Superstores, Walmarts, Shoppers Drug Mart, Food Basics — for gift cards of any value to hand out to the sick. Deputy Crown Attorney David Rows told Skowronski that Hofmans would buy the gift cards with SPH cheques and sign them “Charles Paton,” the same surname as one of his best friends. From January to April, there weren’t many towns and cities in the region he didn’t hit — Chatham, Dorchester, Ingersoll, St. Marys, Aylmer, London, Stratford, St. Thomas, Amherstburg. Leamington, Simcoe, Tillsonburg, Woodstock and Exeter. Some centres were hit more than once. Hofmans would buy $1,000 worth of cards here, $900 worth there. The cheques were for bank accounts that were closed. In the middle of the spree, he got caught in Petrolia in February 2016 trying to buy $950 in gift cards at a store and was sentenced in Sarnia to a total of three weeks in jail and ordered to stay out of Lambton County. Within days, he was back at the scam. Sometimes, for effect, Hofmans would wear hospital scrubs while he pitched his cancer charity to unsuspecting store managers. Once, a Shoppers Drug Mart manager in Dorchester got suspicious and found information online identifying Hofmans and SPH Cancer Foundation as frauds. Another suspicious manager at a Chatham Shoppers Drug Mart, concerned about the cheque for $1,000 for a pre-paid Visa card, began to investigate when Hofmans fled the store. His image was caught on surveillance video. He also activated three President Choice Mastercards using stolen identification from other people and withdrew about $8,000 from CIBC bank terminals in London. Sometimes, he grew very emboldened. In January 2016, he stopped into a Jiffy Lube franchise in Brantford, wanting to pay for a recent car service with gift cards and have charges from days earlier put back on his debit card. He pushed open the door to a manager to complain when he didn’t get his way. The manager said any transaction would take time. Days later, Hofmans sent a letter to the store, writing from “the Law Office of Charles Hunter” and posing as the fake lawyer in London demanding the charges be reversed or he’d to the media, the Brantford chamber of commerce and others about a “blatant disregard for Canadian business ethics.” His defence lawyer, Nick Cake, made a pitch that all of Hofmans’ criminal activity was really a cry for help after an abusive childhood at the hands of his father. Hofmans agreed to participate in a pre-sentence report for the first time and Cake said it gives insight that could set Hofmans on the road to rehabilitation. This has got to stop. A line in the sand has to be drawn. For that reason, Cake suggested time served and 12 months of house arrest followed by three years of probation. Hofmans has a poor sense of self-worth, Cake said, because his father said “he was going to be a loser.” Hofmans has tried since to prove him wrong by trying to amass material wealth and “be a high roller.” Instead, Hofmans believes he has “fulfilled his father’s prophecy.” “Rehabilitation and counselling is a far greater benefit to society than having him in the penitentiary,” Cake argued. He’s employable, his lawyer said, and once ran his own call centre. He gave Cake $3,000 to put in trust for restitution, plus had money orders claiming he had paid others back. Hofmans also claimed he was sexually assaulted by a cellmate at the Elgin-Middlessex Detention Centre and had an injury to his genitals. Rows said police investigated the incident and there were “no grounds to lay charges whatsoever.” The Crown said Hofmans has shown no respect for any court orders, including Skowronski’s and should be sent to prison. The judge agreed and gave the exact sentence Rows suggested. “This has got to stop. A line in the sand has to be drawn,” he said. Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. x Share Ontario man jailed — again — for running ‘deplorable’ fake cancer charity scam Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google Linkedin Video Today's National News Best of Postmedia Updated: Ottawa police officer facing manslaughter charge in death of Abdirahman AbdiHis death sparked protests and vigils across the country. Now, more than seven months after Abdirahman Abdi, 37, died following a violent arrest on the steps of his Hintonburg apartment building, a rare charge of manslaughter is to be laid against an Ottawa police officer. The Special Investigations Unit, the civilian police oversight agency, said Monday […] 'Eddie the Eagle' gives a thumbs-up to Calgary bidding for the 2026 Winter OlympicsEddie the Eagle, the unlikely Olympic hero made famous during the Calgary 1988 Winter Games, says he’s all for the city putting together a bid for the 2026 Olympics. British ski jumper Michael Edwards, 53, more famously known as Eddie the Eagle, paid a special visit to Canada Olympic Park on Sunday, and said he was […] Telly With Melly: Jennifer Lopez’s drama Shades of Blue returnsJennifer Lopez is feeling Blue. But that’s a good thing. The singer-actress debuts the second season of her NBC/Global police drama Shades of Blue tonight and, she says, the return is explosive. “It starts off with a bang,” she recently […] Columnists Vaughn Palmer: Reading,'Riting and Repose in education, for a changeThe tentative agreement between teachers and the provincial government opens with a reassuring tone ... Daphne Bramham: If B.C. had data perhaps fewer patients would be collateral damageNearly a year ago, the B.C. College of Physicians and Surgeons deemed opioid over-prescribing such a... Ian Mulgrew: Big wage hike recommended for provincial judgesThe B.C. Judicial Compensation Commission says provincial court judges “deserve” a 12-per... Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Costco is hiking its membership fees Fortune Phil Wahba 4 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 10 tips for saving money at Costco and big box stores Donald Trump's superyacht and other billionaire boats Click to expand Replay Video Ivanka Trump tackles child care CNBC's Ylan Mui reports on Ivanka Trump's push for child care tax credits. CNBC Navigation apps are causing trouble for city planners The rise of navigation apps is causing problems for city planners due drivers being re-routed to residential areas. CNBC GM bets smaller is better Its sale of its European operations is the biggest step in GM's drive to become smaller but more profitable. Fred Katayama reports. Reuters SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Why It Will Cost You More to Shop at Costco Veuer See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Ivanka Trump tackles child care CNBC1:34 Navigation apps are causing trouble for city planners CNBC0:47 GM bets smaller is better Reuters1:28 Buying music vs. streaming: Which is better and why Wochit Tech0:38 Why Canada wants to move quickly on NAFTA talks Bloomberg4:15 Must-know credit card benefits The Wall Street Journal.0:39 Things that make your car insurance cost more MoneyTalksNews1:46 These toys are made in the US CNN Money1:16 India's gold imports surge on pent-up demand Reuters1:37 Four tips for tax season The Wall Street Journal.0:43 The wackiest certifications you can get The Washington Post1:48 Virtual currency is now worth more than gold Wochit Business0:56 A typo at Amazon caused the internet to crash Veuer0:43 Secret Uber program reportedly let drivers avoid authorities for years Newsy1:14 No bonus for Mayer after millions of Yahoo hacks Reuters0:50 The Rust Belt gave Trump his victory. Now these voters want jobs. CNN Money9:41 UP NEXT Costco Wholesale on Thursday announced a membership fee hike, even as it reported disappointing revenues and profit for its second fiscal quarter. Quotes in the article Costco Wholesale Corp COST ▼ 166.73 -3.53 -2.07% American Express Co AXP ▼ 79.50 -0.38 -0.48% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▼ 69.88 -0.15 -0.21% Visa Inc V ▲ 88.94 +0.15 +0.17% The company, the second-largest U.S. retailer after Walmart, will raise the price of its Gold Star membership by $5 per year to $60, and lift its Executive membership fee $10 a year to $120 as of June 1. Costco last increased the fee November 2011 and raises it about every five or six years. The hike was widely anticipated by Wall Street analysts and is revenue that will go straight to Costco's bottom line: Costco's 86.7 million card holders spent $2.6 billion on membership fees in fiscal 2016, essentially making up nearly three-quarters of its $3.6 billion in operating income. And the increase could prove to be a boon. Last year, Costco switched its Citi-issued membership credit card to Visa from American Express, making Costco membership available to far more households and vastly increasing Costco's potential customer base. In a research note earlier this week, UBS predicted consumers would not balk at an increase and noted that the increased incentives from the Visa card, which gives customers 2% cash back on Costco transactions, compared to 1% with the previous AmEx cards, mean that Costco credit card customers would need to spend just $500 in a year to break even on a $5 membership fee hike. The Wall Street Journal has reported thatJ.P. Morgan Chase projects a membership fee increase could add another three to five percentage points to annual earnings growth over the next two years. That would be a welcome boost for a company whose profit growth has slowed in recent years. Still, the news of hike were not enough to overshadow Costco's results, which sent its shares down 4% in after hours trading. Revenue in the quarter ended Feb. 12, was $29.13 billion, below Wall Street forecasts for $29.86 billion, while earnings per share were $1.17, compared to $1.36. Comparable sales were up 3%, missing expectations for a 3.5% increases. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from Fortune The World’s Most Powerful Women: March 7 Fortune Boeing Offers a Larger Variant of the 737 MAX, But Some In the Industry Are Doubtful Fortune The Ford Mustang Steve McQueen Drove in Bullitt Has Been Found In a Mexican Junkyard Fortune Fortune View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Remaking The Q Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Bill Livingston Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards comments Woman backs car into two others and hits building Print Email Joan Rusek, special to cleveland.com By Joan Rusek, special to cleveland.com Sun News on March 02, 2017 at 10:05 PM, updated March 02, 2017 at 10:10 PM comments BAINBRIDGE TOWNSHIP, Ohio - A Bainbridge woman, 87, backed her vehicle out of a parking space and hit two parked cars before striking the Heinen's store building 11:30 a.m. Feb. 25. She told police she thought her foot was on the brake, but it was on the gas pedal. Minor damage was done to the store and to the two vehicles she hit. The driver complained of injuries and was transported to the Twinsburg Cleveland Clinic. Joan Rusek/Special to cleveland.com  Suspicious, Market Place Drive: A teenage boy was spotted cocking a black pistol as he sat in the backseat of a parked car 6:42 p.m. Feb. 26. After police questioned the Reminderville boy, he was cited for shoplifting the pellet gun and pellets from Walmart. He will face juvenile court. Citizen Dispute, Canterbury Court: A woman complained 12:26 p.m. Feb. 27 that her neighbor repeatedly parks in front of her mailbox and the post office will not deliver mail with the vehicle there. An officer arrived and found the vehicle blocking access to the mailbox. The vehicle owner was told to move it. Theft, Chagrin Road: Someone stole a woman's handicapped placard from her vehicle. On March 1, she said the theft occurred in Willoughby, but police there told her she had to report it to her hometown police. Fraud, Bainbridge Road: Someone used a man's employer issued credit card number to make two cash withdrawals. He reported the problem Feb. 28. Suspicious, Aurora Road: A man attempted to cash a $150 check from his father's account shortly before 10 a.m. Feb. 27 at a PNC bank. He told a bank employee he does not drive, but he was observed exiting a vehicle from the driver's side. When reached for verification, the man's father said he did not sign nor authorize the check. Other PNC bank branches were alerted. Harassment, Bainbridge Road: After her daughter received threatening text messages from another girl at Kenston High School, the victim's mother reported it to police Feb. 27. She had also reported it at the school and was told school officials would handle the problem, however, she wanted a police report on file. Connect with your Community Share your community events, stories, events & more Sun News letters to the Editor: How to submit cleveland.com on YouTube Subscribe to our YouTube channel Get the latest news, sports, and entertainment videos you need to see now! ... Subscribe now» Neighborhood Dining Essential Cleveland Dining Cleveland's a big-league foodie town and we've got the news and reviews you need to navigate all of the area's dining-out options, plus a growing collection of essential dining guides. THE GUIDES A-List: Cleveland's Top 100 Restaurants Best of Downtown Best of Ohio City Best of Little Italy Best of Tremont More dining guides & reviews » West Geauga news in your inbox Sign up for our West Geauga newsletter Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for your subscription We look forward to sharing with you some of the great content found on cleveland.com. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. West Geauga HS Sports Latest West Geauga HS News | Latest Chagrin Falls HS News | Latest Kenston HS News About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
