Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Good News for Twitter, Chipotle, and iRobot Investors On this episode of Market Foolery , host Chris Hill is joined by Motley Fool analysts David Kretzmann and Aaron Bush to discuss some of the many companies releasing earnings reports this week. Between Chipotle (NYSE: CMG) , Twitter (NYSE: TWTR ) , and iRobot (NASDAQ: IRBT) , the trio of companies all gave shareholders reasons to smile. A full transcript follows the video. 10 stocks we like better than Wal-Mart When investing geniuses David and Tom Gardner have a stock tip, it can pay to listen. After all, the newsletter they have run for over a decade, the Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the market.* David and Tom just revealed what they believe are the ten best stocks  for investors to buy right now… and Wal-Mart wasn’t one of them! That’s right — they think these 10 stocks are even better buys. Click here  to learn about these picks! *Stock Advisor returns as of April 3, 2017 The author(s) may have a position in any stocks mentioned. This video was recorded on April 26, 2017. Chris Hill: It’s Wednesday, April 26th. Welcome to Market Foolery ! I’m Chris Hill, joining me in studio today from Rule Breakers and Supernova , David Kretzmann and Aaron Bush. Happy Wednesday, gents! David Kretzmann: Hey, Chris! Aaron Bush: Happy Wednesday. Hill: This is one of those days when we have three companies we’re going to talk about today. We could easily talk about ten other companies. That’s how many companies are reporting today. But, we have to choose, because we’re not doing an hour long show. Kretzmann: We could. I don’t know if anyone would listen. [laughs] Hill: Two things would happen if we did an hour long show. Long-time listeners, to your point, would just cut out, they would just be like, I’m done. Once they hit the 35 minute mark, they’d pull the plug. The other thing is, Kristine Harjes is coming in in a little bit to host Industry Focus , and we don’t want to incur the wrath of Kristine Harjes and the Industry Focus crew. Bush: She’ll boot us out. Hill: So, let’s start with signs of life — I can’t believe I’m saying this — signs of life from Twitter. Shares are up 11% this morning after a first quarter report that included, Aaron, a rise in monthly active users. The revenue fell, for those of you who actually pay attention to money. The revenue fell, but that seems to matter less than the fact that monthly active users are on the rise. Bush: Yeah, I think the 10% pop in the stock today is a little misplaced, in my opinion. I don’t really think it was that great of a quarter, to be honest with you, Chris. I think you could say it was a mixed bag. Revenue was down, margins and cash flow were up, users were up. But ultimately, I do think, when you piece it all together, the news is more bad than it is good. Hill: Wow, really? Bush: I think so. On one hand, it’s clear that Twitter is slowly making changes. They’re slow, they’re ungodly slow when it comes to handling user issues like abuse and improving the actual timeline. But they are improving their cost, free cash flow is growing, the user base is growing, daily active users was up 14% year over year, which is actually pretty great. And I do think that’s because of some of these efforts they put in place from the product perspective. That said, revenue, you can’t just ignore that. That’s huge. It’s down 8% over the last year, and this is the 11th quarter in a row of a deceleration. The first quarter that it’s down. That’s pretty bad. I think the moral of the story here is pretty simple. Twitter’s ads are currently not competitive with Facebook and Google, not even close. And it’s a huge undertaking for them to become competitive. So, you can celebrate all these other wins, but at the end of the day, this is the business. Turning the ship around is still a multi-year process, and the slower they move, the higher the odds of them getting whacked. Hill: So, the people who are on Twitter itself, but also reporting in the media, etc, who are saying, among other things that CEO Jack Dorsey has bought himself some time, this was a good quarter, let’s quiet down the drumbeat of, he needs to choose between being CEO of Twitter and being the CEO of Square . You’re saying „No”. Bush: I think this is beyond him. This is beyond what any one person can change at this point. I do think a lot of the changes that he has put into place have been positive, but revenue, you can’t overlook that. Kretzmann: Yeah, Aaron mentioned the competition from Google and Facebook. As far as digital sales go, those are definitely the big giants in the room. But then, as Twitter is doubling down on its live video strategy, they’re starting to compete more with Snap , which has a very engaged user base. The growth there has slowed a little bit, it’ll be interesting to see what Snap’s metrics look like, and how those compare to Twitter, as far as ad engagement and user growth. But, yeah, it’s not a good combination when you have users going up, but ad revenue going down. And Twitter said they expect that disconnect to continue for the rest of the year. This probably won’t be the last quarter that revenue goes down. In the meantime, their pace of stock-based compensation has receded a little bit, but their diluted share count increased over 1% just from the last quarter. So, in the process, as revenue has completely decelerated and now is declining, their share count has climbed up. So I went back and looked, if Twitter wanted to bring its share count back to the same level it was in 2014, a few months after it went public, they would have to spend $1.9 billion just to get back to that break even level with the share count. What that shows is, the bar that they have to cross at some point to reward shareholders is perpetually getting higher as they continue to dilute shareholders. So, that’s not a good trend to have when your revenue is dropping. Hill: And share-based compensation, that’s one of those things that, if you’re the average investor, it’s understandable if your eyes gloss over, and it’s easy to dismiss it and focus on the more headline-oriented things like revenue and monthly active users. But when we talk about some of these tech companies potentially putting themselves up for sale, you need to recognize that share based compensation is a huge factor in that, the fact that they’re going out and hiring people and convincing them to stay on board and not jump ship, a lot of that has to do with, „Look, we’re going to give you more shares.” Go back and look at LinkedIn being acquired by Microsoft . As much as anything, it was the share-based compensation within LinkedIn that made the leaders of that company go, „We have to figure something out quick.” Kretzmann: Yeah, because that’s one of the main currencies they have for paying their employees. And competition between employers in Silicon Valley is not going to disappear. I think that’s a dangerous thing for Twitter shareholders and something to watch. At first glance, on the balance sheet, it does look pretty strong. We have net cash of $2.2 billion, as Aaron mentioned, you have free cash flow, which is going up, but stock based compensation is still a huge component for that positive cash flow production. So, the balance sheet, to me, is not as strong as it looks on the surface, because $1.9 billion just to break even with your share count two years ago, that takes up most of their net cash today. The investments that they’ve been making up to this point are not paying off. At some point, that trend has to reverse for shareholders to be rewarded. Bush: One other thing that David and I were talking about earlier today is how slow they move, and what that really means when you look long term. I think it’s easy to look at these incremental changes and think about where things should go. But the pace that they move, these larger tech companies like Facebook and Google, they could do it at the snap of a finger, what these guys take six months to do. Hill: I was going to ask you about that. It’s, in some ways, an unfair question because unless you’re spying on headquarters at Twitter, there’s no way for you to have the information to answer this question, but I’m going to ask it anyway. Why do you think that is? I’ve seen you write about this, I’ve seen other people touch on it. The popular image that we have of Silicon Valley is, among other things, it’s a fast culture, it’s a nimble culture. The way things move at Twitter, they might as well be the U.S. Department of whatever. When you think of bureaucracy, you think of Washington D.C. When you think of fast and nimble and cutting-edge, you think of Silicon Valley. Twitter’s lack of speed is really astonishing. Bush: I do think I know one big reason behind it. I think a lot of it stems from the very early days of the company. They never had to struggle to reach product/market fit. So, never in their journey to figure out how to improve what they’re doing, they never had an issue. They just threw something out there and it worked. So then, they just kept on capitalizing on what worked, but never really changed the product itself. Now that they’re up competing against these companies that have been changing their platform at pretty innovative speeds for years now, they’re finding that gap so much larger that it’s just, in comparison, it takes so much more time to get out of. Kretzmann: Yeah, it seems like Twitter just doesn’t have near the focus on the actual product. What is their platform, fundamentally, compared to Snap or Facebook, where you have leaders that are so product-driven, and it drives everything they do. From there, you find the business model that fits. But with Twitter, it seems like they’re very scattered trying to figure out the direction of the company and what their actual product is. Hill: All right, let’s move on to Chipotle. First quarter profits came in higher than expected. Same store sales were up 18%. I realize that is off of, go back a year in time, off a terrible quarter a year ago. Still, it’s nice to see that it’s up 18%. Stock up a little bit, not amazing, although it has risen about 30% in the last six months. So, I don’t know, maybe we shouldn’t expect too much of a pop off of this. Kretzmann: Yeah, I think the key for investors is, the metrics are moving in the right direction. I think you can safely say the turnaround has begun. As long as they can keep moving at this pace, I think good things are ahead for shareholders. But, it will still take time. It’ll probably be at least a year and a half, I think, before we get back to those pre-crisis levels, as far as metrics go. But, yeah, same-store sales up about 18%, their restaurant level operating margins are trending up. This quarter was almost at 18%, but that’s still quite a bit lower than the 28% restaurant level operating margin we saw right before the crisis hit in 2015. All those metrics like restaurant sales, sales as a whole across the company, margins, they’re moving in the right direction, it’s a definitive turnaround from where the company has been going for the past year and a half but still some work to do to get back to those pre-crisis levels. Bush: Yeah, when I was reading through the call, and what they’ve been doing to move back to the levels that they were, I think I was pretty impressed with what they were doing. If you look, for example, at the online sales, that increased 54% over the past year. I know that’s something in the past we’ve talked about. Chipotle is not very good at that compared to others. So, it seems like they’re moving in the right direction. Still have room to improve. They’re revamping their restaurant tour program, which also was a pain point. Hill: Is this the management program? Bush: Yes, this was their management program. Chipotle has always promoted internally. But, if you grow too fast and promote too quickly, that can lead to problems, especially if you incentivize poorly. So, they’ve been doing a lot of work around figuring out what metrics are best to incentivize their managers and field team leaders. It looks like that is improving. Just, how they’re interacting with consumers and turnover of their leaders. That’s good. They also just closed, this quarter, 15 ShopHouse locations. So, they’re moving past that — Kretzmann: Still sad about that, though. Bush: Yeah, it’s unfortunate for those of us, in the past, who were optimistic at some point. But it’s good that they are diverting those resources, now, to higher-impact endeavors. Hill: I’m a Chipotle shareholder. I’m glad they decided to pull the plug on ShopHouse, because I got tired of wondering when they were going to roll it out. The first couple of years, what you heard was a lot of, „They’re taking their time, they’re not going to rush it.” But at some point, you move so slowly that it’s natural to ask the question, „What is wrong with this concept?” Either it’s ready to be rolled out or it’s not. The fact that they said, „We’re packing it in on that, we’re going to focus on the main brand locations and go from there,” I’m glad. Kretzmann: Yeah, and on top of everything else Chipotle was dealing with for the past year, I think trying to work out issues at ShopHouse, it was just becoming a distraction. To me, that really was the theme of this quarter, it was very clear that Chipotle is refocusing. And I think part of that is boosted by Steve Ells taking over the sole leadership role as CEO. Monty Moran, who was co-CEO for a while, retired late last year. So I think you’re seeing that focus from Steve Ells. And in the call, he mentioned revamping that restaurant tour program, as Aaron mentioned. But the focus of that is a „relentless focus on customer experience.” So, sort of a Jeff Bezos-esque comment there, really trying to figure out what the priority is there for their management program. And they mentioned that they now have the lowest turnover with general managers in more than eight years. Hill: That’s great. Kretzmann: Yeah. A lot of things moving in the right direction. I think you’re seeing, internally, a refocus on prioritizing the guest experience. As they get traffic into the stores, their throughput should really be able to increase with digital orders, because they’re starting to launch kitchens in the back of the restaurants specifically for digital. That should theoretically take people out of that front line, more people can go through that front line. The restaurant, in other words, will be able to pump out more burritos, more orders. If they can get that traffic back to pre-crisis levels and hopefully beyond that, these stores could be much more profitable than they were a few years ago, and they were incredibly profitable then. Hill: Yeah. And that is, in some ways, the promise of this investment, if you’re a shareholder or a potential shareholder. Because the headlines have been so bad, and rightly so, for the last couple years. But you go back to 2013 and 2014, and they were putting up these type of same-store sales numbers, not off of a low base, off of a pretty high base. So, when they would come in with double-digit comp increases, that’s just breathtaking. So, the idea that they’re looking at what Panera has been doing and saying, „How can we do that? How can we up the people walking in and picking up their food and walking out? If we can get our throughput even higher, that’s great.” Bush: I think the biggest news out of all of this is they’re going to start testing two new desserts. Hill: [laughs] Is that the big news? What are the desserts they’re testing? Bush: They only announced one of them. It’s called buñuelos. It’s these fried tortilla strips with honey, cinnamon, and sugar. So, super healthy. Kretzmann: Fits right with their healthy ingredients theme. Hill: I hear that honey is supposed to be healthy, I’ve heard that from time to time. Kretzmann: Cinnamon, I think. Hill: Cinnamon is a spice. Kretzmann: Sugar … Bush: Just ignore that it’s fried. Hill: You know, it’s dessert, it’s not supposed to be healthy if it’s dessert. iRobot shares hitting an all-time high today after first quarter profit more than doubled expectations. Aaron, this is not a beat by a penny type situation, they crushed it. They also raised their guidance for the whole fiscal year. Holy cow. Bush: Roombas are taking over the world. That’s all you can really say. Yeah, they crushed expectations. I think what we’re seeing right now is they’re witnessing an inflection in demand of their Roombas, which is very impressive. Believe it or not, the Roomba last year was the most sold vacuum cleaner in the U.S., in terms of dollars spent. Yeah, wow. To me, that almost feels like the rise of the Roomba occurred somewhat stealthily. Looking at the product compared to past iterations, you really do see the improvements that have been coming through. They work better, they have more connected features, which will play a role more so as the connected homes inevitably start popping up more and more. The Roomba itself, obviously, is killing it. But, beyond the Roomba, there are other products and moves the company has made that also excites investors. The Braava, for one, that’s iRobot’s hardwood cleaner, right now, that’s still a tiny fragment of revenue, but it’s selling well. It also has these wipe consumables that consumers need to buy, so it adds a form of recurring revenue for the company, too, which is always good to see. iRobot just bought back its Asian distributors, which gives it more control in how it sells in that continent. That’s actually a pretty huge deal. I think later this year, we should expect Japan’s growth to accelerate. We’ll see them significantly ramp up business in China. That should be a huge deal. The Braava in particular could sell particularly well because hardwood floors are more of a norm over there. So, really giving that second product they have a huge boost. Then, lastly, the innovation machine that they have just keeps on running. They’re just as much as software company at this point as a vacuum cleaning robot company. So, new robots that perform new tasks, like lawn mowing, whatever else they have in store, should be expected. As time rolls on, these robots are going to do their jobs better and better. I think investors should expect more beats going forward. This is impressive. Hill: I was on their website and saw they also have a robot pool cleaner. I don’t have a pool, but I thought, I would 100% buy one. There are some people who actually enjoy mowing their lawn. I’m not one of them, but there are some people who are like, „It’s relaxing, I’m outside in nature,” that kind of thing. I can’t imagine anyone owning a pool and saying, „Oh, I’m looking forward to a day of Zen and relaxation of cleaning my pool.” No. Buy that thing, set it loose on the bottom of your pool, and you’re done. Kretzmann: I think our digital age has made people lazy enough that iRobot is hitting the inflection point, finally, where people just want to automate everything they can. Hill: Is 100% of their business just consumer? Do they have any sort of business-to-business relationship where they’re going to a hotel chain or something like that and selling them en masse? Kretzmann: I think now that they’re entirely a consumer goods, consumer-facing company. Last year they divested a defense or security division. I think they’re primarily selling to the U.S. military at that point. I think that makes sense, because the consumer market is sizable. In the U.S. alone, robot vacuum cleaners are about 20% of the total vacuum market. Just that robot vacuum cleaner portion, which is growing, is about $6 billion or so. So, there’s a sizable market there. And iRobot really is the dominant brand in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. So, I think doubling down and really focusing on that consumer market makes sense for them. Since they divested that security division last year, the stock has done really well. I don’t follow this closely enough I know if those two are completely related, or one caused the other. But to me, it makes sense for them to focus on that consumer market, because I think that’s where the majority of the growth is. Hill: Aaron, the stock is up about 15% today. We love it when a stock hits an all time high. But I have to ask, how expensive is this stock? When you look at it, do you think, „OK, this is great for shareholders, but right now, today, this is kind of a pricey stock?” Bush: It is a pretty pricey stock. I think it’s definitely earned it. Just seeing, today, the stock go up 15%, I think if this company continues to execute the way it has, and if this inflection point is real, then I don’t think it is as pricey as it may seem to a lot of investors. Kretzmann: Yeah, it’s still just a $2 billion company. I could see that bumping up, especially if they could maintain that brand leadership position, which they seem to have carved out pretty nicely. Hill: Before we get out of here, I should mention that Rule Breakers , the service started by David Gardner that both David and Aaron work on, the new issue of Rule Breakers  comes out today with two new stock recommendations from David Gardner and the team. You can check it out by going to podcasts.fool.com . Just scroll down to the bottom of the page, and you can kick the tires on Motley Fool Rule Breakers . Check out the new issue. Thanks for being here, guys. As, always, people on the program may have interests in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against, so don’t buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. That’s going to do it for this edition of Market Foolery . The show is mixed by Dan Boyd. I’m Chris Hill. Thanks for listening, we’ll see you tomorrow! Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Aaron Bush owns shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Facebook, and Twitter. Chris Hill owns shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill. David Kretzmann owns shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Facebook, and Twitter. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Chipotle Mexican Grill, Facebook, iRobot, and Twitter. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy . The views and opinions expressed herein are the views and opinions of the author and do not necessarily reflect those of Nasdaq, Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Rhino Resource Partners LP Announces Timing of First Quarter 2017 Earnings Release Date Next PostNext DMC Global Reports First Quarter Financial Results Search Recent Posts NZ exports rise 11% to 2-year high in March NZ residential building consents dip in March Lens World Promotes High Quality Lenses from CooperVision Play is Best – My Cubby Encourages Parents to Take Children Outdoors Patioland Offers Beautiful Pergolas Using Hunter Douglas Shademaster Products Proudly powered by WordPress
7NEWS Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + 7-Day Hourly Forecast Radar Radar & Maps Weather Alerts School Closings and Delays Consumer + Debbie's Deals ShopSmart Money Recalls Financial Fitness Zone Science & Tech Managing Your Money Spelling Bee Home Safety Traffic + Gas Prices I-25 Cams I-70 Cams Driving you crazy Health + Staying Healthy Flu Guide Whats Going Around Basics of Babies New Year Heart The Senior Resource Center Ask a Health Expert News + Local News National Denver7 Investigates Politics Unplugged Politics DecodeDC Trending The NOW Denver Archive News Tips Marijuana Denver News Podcast Election 2016 Election Results Domestic Violence Conquering Addiction Entertainment + Celebrity News TV Listings Contests Crossword Sudoku Horoscope The List Lifestyle + Pets Travel Discover Colorado Food Childhood Lead Poisoning Prevention Real Estate Video + Live Video Recent Videos Right This Minute YouTube Channel Newsy Photos + Recent Galleries Your Photos Submit Photos Sports + Broncos Avalanche Nuggets Rockies Fishing Colorado BolderBOULDER Orange First College Sports Community + Community Events Celebrate Colorado Making Things Possible Rachel's Challenge Books for Kids 7Everyday Hero Special Olympics 7NEWS Book Club 7Readers are Leaders Holiday Heroes Marketplace + Insights into Insurance Tailgate Grilling Academy Mile High Living Healthy Living Tips New Year New You About + Contact Us News Team Mobile RSS Feeds Advertise Support Current 40 Mostly Cloudy 3-Day Forecast HI: -° LO: 34° HI: -° LO: 34° HI: -° LO: 34° Full Forecast Traffic current alerts 1 More Traffic Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 8 Weather Alerts Winter Storm Watch issued April 27 at 10:19PM MDT expiring April 29 at 6:00PM MDT in effect for: Arapahoe, Boulder, Clear Creek, Douglas, Elbert, Gilpin, Jefferson, Larimer, Park Winter Storm Watch issued April 27 at 9:46PM MDT expiring April 30 at 6:00AM MDT in effect for: Cheyenne, Kit Carson Winter Storm Watch issued April 27 at 7:41PM MDT expiring April 30 at 3:00AM MDT in effect for: Alamosa, Chaffee, Conejos, Costilla, Custer, El Paso, Fremont, Huerfano, Lake, Las Animas, Mineral, Pueblo, Rio Grande, Saguache, Teller Winter Storm Watch issued April 27 at 5:55PM MDT expiring April 30 at 3:00AM MDT in effect for: Chaffee, Lake, Saguache Winter Storm Watch issued April 27 at 5:55PM MDT expiring April 30 at 3:00AM MDT in effect for: Alamosa, Chaffee, Conejos, Costilla, Custer, El Paso, Fremont, Huerfano, Lake, Las Animas, Mineral, Pueblo, Rio Grande, Saguache, Teller Freeze Warning issued April 27 at 1:18PM MDT expiring April 28 at 9:00AM MDT in effect for: Delta, Garfield, Gunnison, Mesa, Montrose Winter Storm Watch issued April 27 at 9:24AM MDT expiring April 30 at 3:00AM MDT in effect for: Las Animas Freeze Watch issued April 27 at 4:23AM MDT expiring April 28 at 9:00AM MDT in effect for: Delta, Garfield, Gunnison, Mesa, Montrose 8 Weather Alerts Which Denver grocery store is the cheapest? Walmart, Target vs King Soopers, Safeway Jace Larson, Robert Garrison 3:25 PM, Apr 27, 2017 2 hours ago denver | colorado | target | walmart | king soopers Share Article Previous Next Denver7 investigative reporter Jace Larson tells us how you can save money at the grocery store. (Photo by Justin Sullivan/Getty Images) Justin Sullivan Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next DENVER -- Everybody likes to save money, even if it’s just a couple of pennies. And there’s no better way of getting that feeling of accomplishment than saving money on your grocery bill, the third largest household expense. Denver7 wanted to find out which grocery store was the cheapest and also reveal some of the marketing techniques they use to try to get you to spend an even bigger chunk of your paycheck in their stores. We spent three weeks shopping Safeway, King Soopers, Walmart and Target with a common shopping list. The basics are there, like bread and milk, but items on the list are just a small fraction of what a busy family might purchase on a typical grocery trip. Who's the cheapest? It might not be a surprise to most savvy shoppers, but Walmart came out ahead. Our average three-week total at the nation’s largest retailer came to $26.71. Target came in second with an average total of $27.08 - that’s a difference of just a .37 cents! The slim margin between the two giant discounters was not much of a revelation. We came up with similar results when we compared Walmart and Target back in August. Our average three-week total for a basket of basics at King Soopers came to $28.50. Safeway, on the other hand, was the most expensive. The total at the bottom of our Safeway receipt read $32.53. But there are ways you can still save money at traditional grocery stores, like buying in bulk and shopping sales. Shopping expert Eva Fry told Denver7 that she follows three simple rules when grocery shopping. Create a grocery list based on sales and stick to the list when shopping Compare prices and shop at the single best store for your list that week. You can quickly and easily compare prices using the uGrocery app   Shop the sales and plan your meals around the sales Stock up when items are at their lowest in the sales cycle. Even if you don't need the item at the moment, if it's something that you regularly purchase, pick it up because you want to have the item in your pantry instead of picking it up five to six weeks from now when you need it and it's now on sale.   To stretch your dollar even more at traditional grocery stores like King Soopers and Safeway, Fry suggested the following: Stock up on 93% lean ground beef when it's $3.99/lb. or less Stock up on Oroweat Wheat Bread when the price is under $2.49 a loaf. Stock up on chicken drumsticks, thighs and whole chickens when they are under $.89/lb. Stock up on detergent – never pay more than $.09 a load.  Stock up on USDA Choice chuck roasts when they're under $3/lb.   Stock up on bone-in pork ribs when they're under $1.67/lb Stock up on cereal when the price is under $1.50 per box or less ($.12/oz) Stock up assorted bone-in pork chops when they're under $1.67/lb.  Stock up on a pound of butter when it's $2 or less Stock up on instant oatmeal packets when they're $1.99 or under for a box. Grocery store marketing techniques Fry started U-Grocery and monitors weekly prices at each of the four stores. She says the layout of a grocery store is designed to maximize revenue. “Grocery stores place the produce departments towards the front of the store, because the first thing it does is waken your senses,” explained Fry. “There’s bright colors, gorgeous fresh fruits and vegetables, and you are instantly salivating.” The rotisserie chickens near the entrance do the same thing. In the aisles, question anything at your eye level. “Often times these are premium placements by the manufacturers,” said Fry Fry says cereal manufacturers pay to have their products at eye level. The cheaper version takes searching. Grocery stores will also stock kids’ cereal on the lower shelves. “At their (kids) eyesight is where you’re going to find sugar cereals; you’re going to find fruit snacks; there are going to be Pop Tarts,” Fry said. Fry said shoppers also need to be aware of other ways supermarkets try to persuade you into buying more. Checkouts Candy and magazines at checkout promote impulse buys. Grab and go prepared foods Focus here is on convenience, not on price, so you will overpay for these items End-caps Brands often pay for premium placement on the end-caps to promote new products or ad items but not always. Some end-caps may have great deals, while others are not on sale at all. Tags Stores are using the yellow tags to draw people in when items are not on sale at all, and the yellow tags are promoting base prices. Coffee bar/deli Encourage customers to spend more time in a store so you will spend more money. Sampling stations Designed to get you to try a new product, get a coupon, buy something that wasn’t on your list Shelf layout Premium-priced items placed at eye level. Not necessarily the best sellers. Look at lower shelves for cheaper options. Kids snacks and cereals are placed at kids eye level, so if you want to avoid going home with the sugar cereal and fruit snacks, leave the kids at home. 10 for $10 It doesn’t mean you have to buy 10 items. Each item is on sale for $1.00. 2 for $5 Is just on sale for $2.50, except soda. You always have to buy 3 or 4 to get the soda sale price on 12 packs. Digital coupons Make you think that you could save even more, but you have to take the time to load the offer before checkout. Were these tips useful? Learn more of these helpful hacks by watching Jace Larson's story on Denver7 at 10.  Enjoy this content? Follow Denver7 on Facebook, Twitter, Instagram and download the Denver7 app on iOS and Android devices for continual access to breaking news, weather and sports. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story News Video Weather Traffic Consumer Sports Entertainment MarketplaceSupport 7NEWS & TheDenverChannel.com Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs News Staff Debbie's Deals TV Listings 7Everyday Hero Community Mile High Living RSS KMGH FCC Profile The Now Contests Mobile Apps 7NEWS Denver iPhone | iPad Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhone | iPadAndroid Laff Network Stay Connected  facebook twitter instagram youtube Email Alerts Google+ Scripps TV Station Group © 2015 The E.W. Scripps Co Site MapPrivacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
News Sports Go Gamecocks Go Columbia 73° Full Menu 73° Customer Service Customer Service E-Edition About Us Contact Us Archive Search Newsletters Photo Posters Obituaries News All News Local News Crime & Courts Business Politics Education Military State Nation/World Civil Rights Charleston Shootings Data, Weather and Traffic Databases Weather Traffic Politics All Politics The Buzz SC Salary Database GoGamecocks All GoGamecocks Football Recruiting Phil Kornblut Baseball Men's Basketball Women's Basketball Other Sports Columnists Josh Kendall David Cloninger Sports Sports GoGamecocks.com Clemson Tigers High School Sports College NFL NBA NASCAR MLB Golf Columnists Baxter's Blitz GoColumbia All GoColumbia Entertainment Celebrities Contests Events & Movies Events Calendar Movies Living All Living Food & Drink Pets Health Home & Garden Religion News Entertainment Books Social Place Announcement Features Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Special Sections Living Here Guide Opinion All Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter or Op-Ed Column Editorials Opinion Extra Columnists Cindi Ross Scoppe Robert Ariail Business Business National Business Technology Shop Around Shopping Classifieds Jobs Moonlighting Virtual Career Fair Cars Homes Place an ad Officers converge Wednesday afternoon on a Walmart on Bush River Road located between I-26 and I-20. Cynthia Roldán croldan@thestate.com Crime & Courts April 27, 2017 4:51 PM Police identify man accused of shooting at bystander, officers at Walmart By Cynthia Roldán croldan@thestate.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story COLUMBIA, SC Columbia police have named a man who was shot by police officers after he allegedly shot another man during an attempted carjacking and fired at officers at a local Walmart. Joseph Ryan Morin-Sevrie, 25, was shot and injured on Wednesday by two Columbia police officers in the parking lot of the Walmart on Bush River Read near the intersection of Interstates 20 and 26, according to a news release by Jennifer Timmons, spokeswoman for the Columbia Police Department. Morin-Sevrie has not been charged with a crime, according to the release. Timmons said agents of the State Law Enforcement Division continue to investigate the officer-involved shooting and possible charges that could be filed against Morin-Sevrie. She identified the officer involved in the shooting as D. Robinson, 27, and G. Starcher, 23. Robinson has worked at the agency since June 2015, while Starcher was sworn in last Friday. Both were dispatched on Wednesday to the Walmart around noon to reports of a man who was armed and acting erratically in the store, said Columbia Police Chief Skip Holbrook at the time. When the officers arrived, the man ran across the parking lot toward the Murphy Gas station in the same shopping complex, Holbrook said. The man, later identified as Morin-Sevrie, allegedly shot in the arm a 76-year-old man while attempting to steal his car, Timmons said. Though the elderly man was not identified in the release, Holbrook said he did not receive life-threatening injuries. Morin-Sevrie then turned to officers and allegedly fired his weapon, Timmons said. Both officers responded, striking Morin-Sevrie at least once, said Holbrook on Wednesday. A SLED background check showed Morin-Sevrie’s criminal history dates back to 2009, with charges raging from harassment and resisting arrest to domestic violence and burglary. He also has been arrested for unlawful carrying of a weapon and has faced several drug-related charges. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a day ago Dash and Body cam helped clear officers in Sumter shooting 1:30 a day ago Dash and Body cam helped clear officers in Sumter shooting 2:06 a day ago Officer involved shooting at Wal-Mart on Bush River Road 0:45 2 days ago Body camera footage shows shooting involving Sumter police officer View More Video Crime & Courts Man sentenced to five years on gun charge A volunteer firefighter wanted to see more action. So he made a hoax bomb threat. Deputies arrest man whose car is tied to shooting on grounds of Lexington hospital Pour House, owner named in lawsuit stemming from choking of USC student Officer-involved shooting reported at Columbia Wal-Mart, 2 injured Crime & Courts Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital & Home Subscriptions Digital Replica Edition Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Archive Search Newsletters Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Options Advertising Information Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping Special Sections More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 38° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Except for a few afternoon clouds, mainly sunny. High 56F. Winds WNW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Cloudy early with partial clearing expected late. Slight chance of a rain shower. Low 37F. Winds N at 10 to 15 mph. Updated: April 28, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell Close 1 of 3 Alan Diaz This Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, photo shows a Wal-Mart sign at a store, in Hialeah, Fla. Looking at which major U.S. companies pay the most tax and which pay the least, retailers and health insurers tend to pay more taxes than other companies because they do almost all their business in the U.S., where tax rates are higher. Wal-Mart gets about a quarter of its revenue outside the U.S. (AP Photo/Alan Diaz) Gregory Bull FILE - In this Tuesday, April 19, 2016, file photo, San Diego Padres third baseman Yangervis Solarte wears Nike cleats during batting practice before a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates, in San Diego. Looking at which major U.S. companies pay the most tax and which pay the least, retailers and health insurers tend to pay more taxes than other companies because they do almost all their business in the U.S., where tax rates are higher. Nike makes almost 60 percent of its sales in countries other than the U.S. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull, File) y.ozhou A look at the effective tax rates paid by some of the largest U.S. companies over the last five years. AP Retailers and insurers get taxed more, tech less By MARLEY JAY AP Markets Writer Apr 27, 2017 Updated 8 hrs ago 0 Alan Diaz This Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017, photo shows a Wal-Mart sign at a store, in Hialeah, Fla. Looking at which major U.S. companies pay the most tax and which pay the least, retailers and health insurers tend to pay more taxes than other companies because they do almost all their business in the U.S., where tax rates are higher. Wal-Mart gets about a quarter of its revenue outside the U.S. (AP Photo/Alan Diaz) Gregory Bull FILE - In this Tuesday, April 19, 2016, file photo, San Diego Padres third baseman Yangervis Solarte wears Nike cleats during batting practice before a baseball game against the Pittsburgh Pirates, in San Diego. Looking at which major U.S. companies pay the most tax and which pay the least, retailers and health insurers tend to pay more taxes than other companies because they do almost all their business in the U.S., where tax rates are higher. Nike makes almost 60 percent of its sales in countries other than the U.S. (AP Photo/Gregory Bull, File) y.ozhou A look at the effective tax rates paid by some of the largest U.S. companies over the last five years. NEW YORK (AP) — To understand taxes, you have to think about geography. Don't worry, this will make sense eventually. The U.S. has high corporate taxes compared with other developed countries. That means companies that make most of their money inside the U.S. pay more in taxes than companies that do a lot of business overseas. Retailers, utilities, health insurance companies have relatively high tax bills for those reasons, while technology companies, pharmaceuticals makers and energy companies can make a lot more money in other countries. On paper, the top federal corporate tax rate in the U.S. is 35 percent. Companies generally don't pay that much, but they can have dramatically different tax bills depending on where they make their money. RETAILERS Take Macy's, Wal-Mart and Nike, all retailers. Macy's, a department store operator, makes all of its revenue in the U.S., according to FactSet, while Wal-Mart gets about a quarter of its revenue outside the U.S. and Nike makes almost 60 percent of its sales in countries other than the U.S. That's one important reason Macy's pays higher taxes. FactSet says that over the last five years, Macy's average effective tax rate, or the percentage of its net income that it pays in state and federal taxes, has been more than 35 percent. Wal-Mart's tax rate was 31.5 percent and Nike's tax bill was around 23 percent. TECH AND DRUG COMPANIES Alphabet, Google's parent company, had an effective tax rate of 19 percent over that five-year period and IBM's rate was 18 percent. Both companies get most of their revenue outside the U.S. Prescription drug distributor AmerisourceBergen is also entirely U.S.-based, and it had a tax rate that topped 50 percent over that period, but Gilead Sciences, a biotech drug manufacturer that gets a lot of revenue from other countries, paid less than half that much. TAXING BY TERRITORY JPMorgan calculates that most corporations pay a rate closer to 20 percent because of a wide variety of tax credits, tax reduction strategies, and those lower taxes on earnings from outside the U.S. The Trump administration is proposing cutting the top corporate tax rate to 15 percent, and it wants a "territorial" system where only profits made in the U.S. are taxed. Because of the higher tax rates in the U.S., companies are motivated to say as much of their income is made outside the country as possible. If their products are made in another country, or assembled there, or will shipped there, or if they have a licensing deal with a non-U.S. company, the company may say that income comes from outside the U.S. so it can pay a lower tax rate. BRINGING IT HOME Companies that earn money overseas don't want to pay the U.S. rates on top of the foreign taxes they've already paid. As a result, money they earn overseas often stays parked in banks and businesses outside the country. Major companies like Apple have billions of dollars sitting outside the country, and the ability to bring that money back to the U.S. without worrying about a big tax bill might be far more significant than a tax cut. "The tax cut is very important for principally domestic companies, but for these multinationals it's not nearly as important as the repatriation opportunity," said Bob Willens, a CPA who teaches a course on corporate tax policy as Columbia Business School. If those companies pay a one-time tax on all of those earnings and then don't have to pay U.S. taxes on the money they make overseas in the future, they could invest in their businesses by buying more equipment, return money to investors by buying more stock and paying bigger dividends, or acquiring other companies. All of those moves could boost stock prices. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business General News Corporate Taxes Corporate News Government Taxation And Revenue Government Finance Government Business And Finance Government And Politics National Taxes National Governments Personal Taxes Personal Finance Retail Industry Retail And Wholesale Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Insurance Industry Financial Services Health Insurance Providers × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. loading... POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Steve Cahalan: Nosh opens in Valley View Mall food court Herberger's to expand into former Macy's location at Valley View Mall After four decades, Pearl Street Books owner still enjoys the business The Best U.S. Cities to Start a Business Abating bait: Decline in prized worms threatens way of life Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Passenger who was dragged off jetliner settles with United News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Admiral: N. Korea crisis at a critical point Pentagon scrutinizes ex-Trump adviser Some clarity in French election Democrats: Spending bill depends on repeal steps Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories After No. 1 Garrett, a lot of offense Guilderland girls' lacrosse tops Suburban foe Niskayuna Tanaka shutout extends mastery Late-game power lifts Cardinals Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Most teens take social media break United, man pulled from flight settle Stocks sway on tax plan release Honeywell eliminates healthcare for retirees Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of 2016 Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Rally backs Coulter after speech canceled Robbery was life changing 'Colossal' a large undertaking Picks Of The Week Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories Photos: Airbnb Finger Lakes getaways African American history museum in D.C. should include barbecue Sipping: Wine pick of the week Exhibit features 170 years of Capital Region photos at Albany Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives House of the Week: Craftsman in Greenfield Center Mark 3:25 “If a house is divided against itself, that house Nisky HOTW under contract Citing increased fatalities, Schneiderman launches anti-heroin TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ Devils face elimination-from-Albany game Outdoors: Parenting 'redirection' leads to happier trails Albany Devils goalie Scott Wedgewood happy to be back Asbestos delays arts center debut Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Craftsman in Greenfield Center Nisky HOTW under contract Realtors take pride in serving communities off the job High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Disney unveils “Free Dining” offer for 2017 Earth Day freebies and deals Tax Day freebies and deals for 2017 Birthday deals and freebies: More than 80 things you can get for MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/tuplus-business/article/Walmart-launches-online-grocery-ordering-and-11103861.php Walmart launches online grocery ordering and pickup Updated 8:26 pm, Thursday, April 27, 2017 Retail giant Walmart is launching its online grocery ordering system at three stores in the Capital Region next week. Starting Tuesday, the service will include the Walmarts at 279 Troy Road, East Greenbush; 1549 Route 9, Halfmoon; and 200 Dutch Meadows Lane, Glenville. Groceries can be ordered online at walmart.com/grocery or through a mobil phone app, and then picked up at the stores. The free service will cover about 30,000 items. Company spokeswoman Jennifer Constable said orders will be delivered to customers as they wait in their cars at specially designated parking spots. "Our customers are now able to complete their grocery shopping in a matter of minutes — between errands or on their way home from an after school activity — without even unbuckling their seat belts," she said. Customers will receive $10 off their first order of $50 or more by using the code: WOWFRESH during checkout, she added. — Staff report This is a TU+ story. Click for more information. Latest News Devils face elimination-from-Albany game Albany Devils goalie Scott Wedgewood happy to be back Amtrak work at Penn Station will cause summer delays,... Asbestos delays arts center debut River, mountain views selling points at Mohawk Harbor apartments Penzeys Spices now open at Stuyvesant Plaza Chemical investigation planned for East Greenbush dry cleaners Saratoga Springs printer seeks state OK for presses as yet... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
skip to main content Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto Sign In Sign in with Twitter Sign in with Facebook Sign in with Google+ Sign in with Yahoo! Sign in with AOL Sign in with LinkedIn Email Password Forgot your password? Need an account? Register here. WRAL.com News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Other News Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias National News The Latest: Attorney: Reports of execution 'horrifying' Education Police: Man in 40s fondled woman at UNC-CH library Sponsor @NCCapitol Cooper campaign promise tracker Find your lawmakers Crime and safety Interactive maps Recent mugshots NC Wanted: Report a tip WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains Weather Resources CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Weather Officials: Low-lying areas of Wilson wait to dry out from heavy rain Sponsor Weather Photos: High water closes roads throughout Triangle DUALDoppler5000 Durham Bulls News for baseball fans › Sports Sports Home Our Take All Columns Caulton Tudor Joe Ovies Adam Gold Lauren Brownlow Jeff Gravley Bob Holliday Mandy Mitchell NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers HighSchoolOT More Sports Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis More Schools Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw Carolina Panthers Panthers select Stanford RB Christian McCaffrey with No. 8 overall pick NFL Bears trade up, take QB Mitch Trubisky with No. 2 pick Sponsor Contests WRALSportsFan.com Auto Racing Challenge This week's on-air giveaways Win Tickets to Poison, Extreme & Jackyl Our Take Tudor: Early football signing period could be on the way Holliday: NCAA tournament gets the best refs, but what about chemistry? Manuel: UNC, NC State baseball rivalry returns to Chapel Hill The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Analysis Score one for RTP: CEO explains why he bolted Silicon Valley for the Triangle Venture/Innovation Jim Goodnight talks adversity, best memories, Triangle's future (WTW Insider) Sponsor Changing economy IBM confirms new layoffs as part of a talent 'remix' WRAL's 'State of Inequality' looks at economic differences across NC WRAL on Apple TV, Roku & Fire TV Now Streaming › Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons DRAUGHON DRAWS: Legislature's crossover Editorial: Not expanding Medicaid - morally bankrupt, fiscally inexcusable Editorial: NC legislature -- Stop rigging state's elections You don’t need the newspaper to get your Sunday Circulars Click & Save for Instant Savings › Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Business Southwest Airlines to end practice of overbooking flights 5 On Your Side Regular file backup one solution to ransomware threat Business Wegmans supermarket to anchor Cary's version of North Hills 5 On Your Side Use proper technique to paint rooms like the pros Check rooms thoroughly to avoid bringing bed bugs home from vacation Smart tips to prevent identity theft Resources WRAL SmartShopper Consumer recalls Get Out of Debt Guy File a consumer complaint >> Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Pets Family House & Home Food & Shopping Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Outdoors Mosquitoes may be attracted to you if ... Family Airman home from deployment surprises kids Sponsor Best of spring Day trips from Raleigh Find egg hunts, bunny visits Farmers Market guide Flu season Five new flu deaths reported in NC; season total now at 136 WRAL News and Weather Now available on Amazon Echo › Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • More O&A Shopping & Retail Arts Sports Families Pets Community Yard Sales Seasonal Lottery Nightlife Photos Contests Games Out and About Weekend best bets: Wing Fling, Midtown Music Fest Out and About 10 spring festivals to check out in the Triangle Sponsor Holiday Guide Weekend best bets Family fun Shop local Out & About Best Bets Calendar from Out & About Nightlife and Party Pics Submit your event The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Lottery Drawings Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Weather WRAL WeatherCenter Forecast Travel NC family passes down bassinet for 100 years Health Team TOPS program promotes losing weight safely, sensibly Contact Us People of WRAL Contact WRAL Watch WRAL, WRAL2 TV schedule On the Record WRAL documentaries The WRAL WeatherCenter is now on your device Download it for free › 72° View: 7-Day | Hourly | Currently Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Weather 72° Menu Video WRAL.com Feeds Sign In Home News News Home Local State @NCCapitol Education Traffic Investigations Nation World Politics Documentaries Public Records Obituaries Green Crime Strange Archives Fayetteville Noticias Weather Weather Home Current Conditions Hourly Map Center   • DualDoppler5000   • iControl Alert Center Hurricanes Beach & Mountains CBC Solar Farm Almanac Webcams Ask Greg Weather Center Blog Resources Robocams NC County Map Sports Sports Home All Columns NC State UNC Duke ECU Hurricanes Panthers Bulls NASCAR Golf Soccer MLB NBA NFL NHL Tennis Appalachian State Campbell NC Central St. Augustine's Shaw HighSchoolOT Business Business Home Market Summary Market News Stock Quotes Market Movers Tax Guide WRAL TechWire Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Blog Editorial Cartoons Consumer Consumer Home 5 On Your Side Restaurant Ratings Recalls Complaint Form SmartShopper Instant Savings Health & Life Health & Life Home Health Team Go Ask Mom Tar Heel Traveler Pets Family House & Home Food SmartShopper Healthy Recipes Grocery Cart Tracker Travel Entertainment Entertainment Home Out & About   • Voters Choice   • Restaurants   • Movies   • Music   • Out & About TV   • Shopping & Retail   • Arts   • Sports   • Families   • Pets   • Community   • Yard Sales   • Seasonal Lottery Celebrity Watch Nightlife Photos Contests Games Video Video Home Weather Forecast News Brief Day Pick 3, Pick 4 Eve. Pick 3, Pick 4 Powerball Mega Millions WRAL-TV Schedule NBC Shows Spotlight Noticias Instant Savings Classifieds Real Estate Auto About Us Advertising Privacy & Terms Mobile Apps & Services Closings 2 closings/delays reported. View all Weather 46 NC counties and 2 VA counties are under alert, including Johnston, Nash, Halifax, Edgecombe, and Mecklenburg, VA counties. Details Published: 2017-04-27 17:43:39 Updated: 2017-04-27 17:58:41 Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Business Retailers and insurers get taxed more, tech less Posted 5:43 p.m. yesterday Updated 5:58 p.m. yesterday Leave this field blank Your e-mail address:* Your friends e-mail addresses (comma separated):* Subject:* Message:*A friend wanted you to see this item from WRAL.com: http://wr.al/17wLw Get a new codeAre you human?* You must enter the characters with black color that stand out from the other characters By MARLEY JAY, AP Markets Writer NEW YORK — To understand taxes, you have to think about geography. Don't worry, this will make sense eventually. The U.S. has high corporate taxes compared with other developed countries. That means companies that make most of their money inside the U.S. pay more in taxes than companies that do a lot of business overseas. Retailers, utilities, health insurance companies have relatively high tax bills for those reasons, while technology companies, pharmaceuticals makers and energy companies can make a lot more money in other countries. On paper, the top federal corporate tax rate in the U.S. is 35 percent. Companies generally don't pay that much, but they can have dramatically different tax bills depending on where they make their money. RETAILERS Take Macy's, Wal-Mart and Nike, all retailers. Macy's, a department store operator, makes all of its revenue in the U.S., according to FactSet, while Wal-Mart gets about a quarter of its revenue outside the U.S. and Nike makes almost 60 percent of its sales in countries other than the U.S. That's one important reason Macy's pays higher taxes. FactSet says that over the last five years, Macy's average effective tax rate, or the percentage of its net income that it pays in state and federal taxes, has been more than 35 percent. Wal-Mart's tax rate was 31.5 percent and Nike's tax bill was around 23 percent. TECH AND DRUG COMPANIES Alphabet, Google's parent company, had an effective tax rate of 19 percent over that five-year period and IBM's rate was 18 percent. Both companies get most of their revenue outside the U.S. Prescription drug distributor AmerisourceBergen is also entirely U.S.-based, and it had a tax rate that topped 50 percent over that period, but Gilead Sciences, a biotech drug manufacturer that gets a lot of revenue from other countries, paid less than half that much. TAXING BY TERRITORY JPMorgan calculates that most corporations pay a rate closer to 20 percent because of a wide variety of tax credits, tax reduction strategies, and those lower taxes on earnings from outside the U.S. The Trump administration is proposing cutting the top corporate tax rate to 15 percent, and it wants a "territorial" system where only profits made in the U.S. are taxed. Because of the higher tax rates in the U.S., companies are motivated to say as much of their income is made outside the country as possible. If their products are made in another country, or assembled there, or will shipped there, or if they have a licensing deal with a non-U.S. company, the company may say that income comes from outside the U.S. so it can pay a lower tax rate. BRINGING IT HOME Companies that earn money overseas don't want to pay the U.S. rates on top of the foreign taxes they've already paid. As a result, money they earn overseas often stays parked in banks and businesses outside the country. Major companies like Apple have billions of dollars sitting outside the country, and the ability to bring that money back to the U.S. without worrying about a big tax bill might be far more significant than a tax cut. "The tax cut is very important for principally domestic companies, but for these multinationals it's not nearly as important as the repatriation opportunity," said Bob Willens, a CPA who teaches a course on corporate tax policy as Columbia Business School. If those companies pay a one-time tax on all of those earnings and then don't have to pay U.S. taxes on the money they make overseas in the future, they could invest in their businesses by buying more equipment, return money to investors by buying more stock and paying bigger dividends, or acquiring other companies. All of those moves could boost stock prices. Copyright 2017 by The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Triangle Area Special Offers UNC Core Program for Active Duty Military Personnel Myrtle Beach Spring Deals - Save Up to 40% Click to See All CONTESTS available from WRAL.com The "as low as" rate is at 3.96% APR (30 yr.) Enter To Win A $12,000 Bathroom Remodel Comments Increase Text Size Print this story Close Comments Comments Please sign in with your WRAL.com account to comment on this story. You also will need a Facebook account to comment. Oldest First Newest First View all Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Weather Photos: High water closes roads throughout Triangle Out and About Nightlife Photos Pets Pet Photos April 2017 National News The Latest: Attorney: Reports of execution 'horrifying' Local News Police: Death of man pulled from Neuse River not related to flood Outdoors Google Earth timelapse shows changing NC coastline Travel NC family passes down bassinet for 100 years National News Boy suspended for having too many lines shaved into hair Local News Large confederate flag getting attention along I-95 National News Pile of snakes found in Arkansas Walmart parking lot Business How United selects passengers for involuntary bumping Out and About Fayetteville Dogwood Festival Out and About New movies this week: The Circle, How to Be a Latin Lover Out and About 10 spring festivals to check out in the Triangle Out and About Weekend best bets: Wing Fling, Midtown Music Fest Our Take NC State v. UCLA: ACC's biggest NCAA game ever Documentaries Bitty & Beau's Coffee Carolina Panthers Five players Panthers should consider at No. 8 in NFL Draft Entertainment McDonald's new uniforms: inspired by Star Wars or '50 Shades of Gray'? Go Ask Mom Art, music, tarot cards, meditation: Museum's ArtScene offers free activities for teens Local News Gala celebrates group that provides professional support for women Weather Photos: High water closes roads throughout Triangle WRAL TV Thursday at 6: How scammers use ransomware to seize your data Out and About Art of Cool Fest offers mix of free programming Entertainment Berkeley protests peaceful as hundreds rally over Coulter Education Police: Man in 40s fondled woman at UNC-CH library National News The Latest: Attorney: Reports of execution 'horrifying' Local News Orange County approves plan to move Durham-Orange Light Rail Transit project forward Local News Nourishment project prepares Atlantic Beach for summer SmartShopper Giveaway: FREE Hungry Howie's Pizzas SmartShopper What's for dinner Thursday? @NCCapitol Cooper does end run around GOP court reduction plan @NCCapitol Senate OKs elections changes @NCCapitol Police body cameras still sensitive topic for lawmakers SPONSOR Popular Recommended Discussed Local News Wake Arrests Weather Photos: High water closes roads throughout Triangle Out and About Nightlife Photos Pets Pet Photos April 2017 National News The Latest: Attorney: Reports of execution 'horrifying' Local News Police: Death of man pulled from Neuse River not related to flood Outdoors Google Earth timelapse shows changing NC coastline Travel NC family passes down bassinet for 100 years National News Boy suspended for having too many lines shaved into hair Local News Large confederate flag getting attention along I-95 National News Pile of snakes found in Arkansas Walmart parking lot Business How United selects passengers for involuntary bumping Out and About Fayetteville Dogwood Festival Out and About New movies this week: The Circle, How to Be a Latin Lover Out and About 10 spring festivals to check out in the Triangle Out and About Weekend best bets: Wing Fling, Midtown Music Fest Our Take NC State v. UCLA: ACC's biggest NCAA game ever Documentaries Bitty & Beau's Coffee Carolina Panthers Five players Panthers should consider at No. 8 in NFL Draft Entertainment McDonald's new uniforms: inspired by Star Wars or '50 Shades of Gray'? Go Ask Mom Art, music, tarot cards, meditation: Museum's ArtScene offers free activities for teens Local News Gala celebrates group that provides professional support for women Weather Photos: High water closes roads throughout Triangle WRAL TV Thursday at 6: How scammers use ransomware to seize your data Out and About Art of Cool Fest offers mix of free programming Entertainment Berkeley protests peaceful as hundreds rally over Coulter Education Police: Man in 40s fondled woman at UNC-CH library National News The Latest: Attorney: Reports of execution 'horrifying' Local News Orange County approves plan to move Durham-Orange Light Rail Transit project forward Local News Nourishment project prepares Atlantic Beach for summer SmartShopper Giveaway: FREE Hungry Howie's Pizzas SmartShopper What's for dinner Thursday? @NCCapitol Cooper does end run around GOP court reduction plan @NCCapitol Senate OKs elections changes @NCCapitol Police body cameras still sensitive topic for lawmakers WRAL.com RALEIGH • DURHAM FAYETTEVILLE About Us Help Contact Us Advertising CBC Digital Elements Ad Choices Mobile Privacy Terms of Use FCC Public File Closed Captioning Contests ©2017 Capitol Broadcasting Company, Inc. Follow us on Facebook Twitter
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: Do feds really get paid more?•Hiring freeze at VA HQ•Think twice before a buyout Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Retailers and insurers get… Retailers and insurers get taxed more, tech less By MARLEY JAY and The Associated Press April 27, 2017 5:43 pm 3 min read Share NEW YORK (AP) — To understand taxes, you have to think about geography. Don’t worry, this will make sense eventually. The U.S. has high corporate taxes compared with other developed countries. That means companies that make most of their money inside the U.S. pay more in taxes than companies that do a lot of business overseas. Retailers, utilities, health insurance companies have relatively high tax bills for those reasons, while technology companies, pharmaceuticals makers and energy companies can make a lot more money in other countries. On paper, the top federal corporate tax rate in the U.S. is 35 percent. Companies generally don’t pay that much, but they can have dramatically different tax bills depending on where they make their money. White House ends hiring freeze, mandates workforce, mission restructuring Advertisement RETAILERS Take Macy’s, Wal-Mart and Nike, all retailers. Macy’s, a department store operator, makes all of its revenue in the U.S., according to FactSet, while Wal-Mart gets about a quarter of its revenue outside the U.S. and Nike makes almost 60 percent of its sales in countries other than the U.S. That’s one important reason Macy’s pays higher taxes. FactSet says that over the last five years, Macy’s average effective tax rate, or the percentage of its net income that it pays in state and federal taxes, has been more than 35 percent. Wal-Mart’s tax rate was 31.5 percent and Nike’s tax bill was around 23 percent. TECH AND DRUG COMPANIES Alphabet, Google’s parent company, had an effective tax rate of 19 percent over that five-year period and IBM’s rate was 18 percent. Both companies get most of their revenue outside the U.S. Prescription drug distributor AmerisourceBergen is also entirely U.S.-based, and it had a tax rate that topped 50 percent over that period, but Gilead Sciences, a biotech drug manufacturer that gets a lot of revenue from other countries, paid less than half that much. Read all of our coverage on the potential government shutdown. TAXING BY TERRITORY JPMorgan calculates that most corporations pay a rate closer to 20 percent because of a wide variety of tax credits, tax reduction strategies, and those lower taxes on earnings from outside the U.S. The Trump administration is proposing cutting the top corporate tax rate to 15 percent, and it wants a “territorial” system where only profits made in the U.S. are taxed. Because of the higher tax rates in the U.S., companies are motivated to say as much of their income is made outside the country as possible. If their products are made in another country, or assembled there, or will shipped there, or if they have a licensing deal with a non-U.S. company, the company may say that income comes from outside the U.S. so it can pay a lower tax rate. BRINGING IT HOME Companies that earn money overseas don’t want to pay the U.S. rates on top of the foreign taxes they’ve already paid. As a result, money they earn overseas often stays parked in banks and businesses outside the country. Major companies like Apple have billions of dollars sitting outside the country, and the ability to bring that money back to the U.S. without worrying about a big tax bill might be far more significant than a tax cut. “The tax cut is very important for principally domestic companies, but for these multinationals it’s not nearly as important as the repatriation opportunity,” said Bob Willens, a CPA who teaches a course on corporate tax policy as Columbia Business School. If those companies pay a one-time tax on all of those earnings and then don’t have to pay U.S. taxes on the money they make overseas in the future, they could invest in their businesses by buying more equipment, return money to investors by buying more stock and paying bigger dividends, or acquiring other companies. All of those moves could boost stock prices. Related Topics All News Business News Government News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Retailers and insurers get… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1822: Ulysses S. Grant born Fed Photo of the Day Navy trainer works with a dolphin Top Stories Yearly defense acquisition reform bill coming soon Top Story 1 day until CR ends: Congress aims for Friday vote on bill to avoid shutdown Government Shutdown New CBO report fuels 'are feds paid too much?' debate Pay & Benefits 4 things to remember about your pay/benefits during a government shutdown Government Shutdown Accountability executive order first of many reforms coming to VA, Trump says Veterans Affairs THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER Apr 27, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.8282 0.0023 1.73% L 2020 25.4040 0.0031 2.91% L 2030 28.2871 0.0033 4.13% L 2040 30.4513 0.0034 4.73% L 2050 17.4588 0.0017 5.28% G Fund 15.3031 0.0010 0.59% F Fund 17.7377 0.0180 0.93% C Fund 33.1470 0.0220 6.07% S Fund 43.7732 0.0065 4.57% I Fund 27.1250 -0.0296 7.35% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution News By Tag * Small Business * Retail * Jobs * More Tags... Industry News * Business * More Industries... News By Place * San Francisco   California   United States * More Locations... Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News April 2017 Fr Th We Tu Mo Su Sa 28 27 26 25 24 23 22 Pacific Community Ventures and Aspen Institute To Create Quality Jobs At Retail Small Businesses Pacific Community Ventures will participate in Reimagine Retail to investigate strategies for collaborating with employers on job quality and worker advancement.     Spread the Word Listed Under Tags: • Small Business • Retail • Jobs Industry: • Business Location: • San Francisco - California - US Subject: • PartnershipsSAN FRANCISCO - April 27, 2017 - PRLog -- The Aspen Institute Economic Opportunities Program announced today that it has awarded a grant $200,000 to Pacific Community Ventures to take part in Reimagine Retail, a project made possible through a $5.5 million grant awarded by the Walmart Foundation to the Aspen Institute in 2016. Over a two-year period, Pacific Community Ventures will engage retail employers and explore strategies to improve job quality and support advancement for retail workers. Workforce development organizations, retail businesses, and other partners have potential to collaborate to improve the quality of jobs for workers in entry-level positions, create pathways for advancement in retail and related sectors, and increase employee engagement, productivity, and retention. To explore open questions about how to expand opportunities for working people, leaders in these fields will need to build capacity, experiment with new and innovative strategies, and learn from their experiences. Through Reimagine Retail, the Aspen Institute Economic Opportunities Program (EOP), Pacific Community Ventures, and five additional local partners across the country will investigate approaches that aim to improve job quality and worker advancement opportunities in retail and related sectors. Over the next two years, Pacific Community ventures will pilot, and publish, a quality jobs toolkit focused on retail small businesses. Small businesses are a big part of the US retail sector. 98% of retail businesses have fewer than 50 employees, and small retail businesses are one-third of all retail jobs. The quality jobs toolkit has the potential to enable meaningful improvements in job quality in an industry that relies on a significant number of frontline workers and operates with limited resources — and once it's proven out across the retail industry, it can be adapted to restaurants, health services, and on and on. Over a two-year period, EOP will offer Pacific Community Ventures and other local partners opportunities to experiment with new ideas, learn from their peers, and participate in research activities to explore the outcomes of their work. We look forward to learning alongside this group and sharing findings with a broader community. EOP will share findings from partners' work broadly to advance promising practices for expanding economic opportunities for workers in retail and adjacent sectors. "As part of our vision to make quality job creation the norm, we believe that we must equip small businesses with the practical tools and resources they need to offer higher quality jobs in a way that balances their business needs and bottom lines with better wages and benefits for their employees," said Mary Jo Cook, President and CEO of Pacific Community Ventures. "We know that small businesses want to provide good employment opportunities for their workers – but they are often uncertain of how to do so in ways that make sense for their business.  We're committed to enabling them to succeed – and believe a simple, practical quality jobs toolkit will help spur them to action." "We have found that learning and evaluation methods that engage program leaders and other stakeholders in the process have been critical to developing a practical understanding of why and how specific initiatives achieve their outcomes, building practical knowledge about efforts that address complex economic and social challenges," said Maureen Conway, vice president for policy programs and executive director of the Economic Opportunities Program at the Aspen Institute. "We are excited about bringing this engagement approach to Reimagine Retail so that the lessons we learn about this emerging area of practice can be applied and adapted in other communities." Reimagine Retail is one of several interrelated projects supported by a $5.5 million grant provided by the Walmart Foundation to the Aspen Institute as part of Walmart and the Walmart Foundation's Opportunity initiative, a five-year, $100 million sector-wide effort aimed at strengthening the transferability of skills of the US retail workforce and developing ways to make it easier for front-line workers to advance their careers. "Through our collaboration with the Aspen Institute, we aim to further strengthen the retail workforce ecosystem by creating greater opportunities for workers to build long-lasting careers," said Kathleen McLaughlin, president of the Walmart Foundation and chief sustainability officer for Walmart. "By engaging six local partners in communities around the country, our work together will help ensure that frontline workers have access to the training and tools needed to achieve upward mobility." More information about Reimagine Retail and each of the six local partners is available online at: http://as.pn/reimagineretail. Pacific Community Ventures is a nonprofit social enterprise that engages small businesses, investors and policymakers to build an economy that works for everyone. To achieve our mission we provide small businesses working in underserved communities with access to capital and mentoring, test new approaches to creating quality jobs which can be scaled through partnerships, and conduct research and evaluation so that impact investors will deploy more capital more effectively to underserved communities. The Aspen Institute is an educational and policy studies organization based in Washington, DC. Its mission is to foster leadership based on enduring values and to provide a nonpartisan venue for dealing with critical issues. The Institute is based in Washington, DC; Aspen, Colorado; and on the Wye River on Maryland's Eastern Shore. It also has offices in New York City and an international network of partners. The Economic Opportunities Program (EOP) advances promising strategies, policies, and ideas to help low- and moderate-income Americans connect to and thrive in a changing economy. Over its 25 years of work, EOP has focused on expanding individuals' opportunities to connect to quality work, to start businesses, and to build assets and economic stability. Contact Patrick Duggan ***@pcvmail.org End Source : Pacific Community Ventures Email : ***@pcvmail.org Tags : Small Business, Retail, Jobs Industry : Business Location : San Francisco - California - United States Subject : Partnerships Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse Trending News KirkpatrickPrice Announces New PCI Educational Resources Harland Simon completes upgrade of Press Controls at Arizona Republic, AZ Tech-Startup Attorney, Brent Levison To Speak At Upcoming Miami Marlins Game 2017 Business Women's Forum (BWF) To Feature Randi Zuckerberg, CEO of Zuckerberg Media Nearly 200 High School Students Face Off in Stock Market Challenge Top Daily News United Premier Soccer League Announces Florida Sunbelt Conference Expansion - 384 views Nka Foundation Announces the Winners of 2017 Land Art Competition for Ghana - 296 views Final Fantasy XV Warp Strikes Into The World Of Terra Battle - 281 views GZA Named Grand Award Winner by ACEC for their Foundation Design of the $3.98B New NY Bridge - 210 views East and Greenwell Insurance Agency earns top Allstate national, state and regional honors - 143 views Top Weekly News EY announces Sam Bakhtiar, CEO, and Alejandra Font, Co-Founder of The Camp TC, as EY Entrepreneur Of The Year 2017 Greater Los Angeles semifinalists - 5899 views University of Alabama Entrepreneur Launches Company Poised to Redefine Fencing in Huntsville - 3829 views HRO Today Announces Finalists of 2017 CHRO of the Year Awards - 1495 views Meet the Contestants Vying for the Title of Mrs. Pennsylvania America 2017! - 1458 views 5-time Olympian Tony Azevedo To Attend Illinois State Finals And Offer Elite Chicago Clinic - 1149 views Top Daily News United Premier Soccer League Announces Florida Sunbelt Conference Expansion - 384 views Nka Foundation Announces the Winners of 2017 Land Art Competition for Ghana - 296 views Final Fantasy XV Warp Strikes Into The World Of Terra Battle - 281 views GZA Named Grand Award Winner by ACEC for their Foundation Design of the $3.98B New NY Bridge - 210 views East and Greenwell Insurance Agency earns top Allstate national, state and regional honors - 143 views Top Weekly News EY announces Sam Bakhtiar, CEO, and Alejandra Font, Co-Founder of The Camp TC, as EY Entrepreneur Of The Year 2017 Greater Los Angeles semifinalists - 5899 views University of Alabama Entrepreneur Launches Company Poised to Redefine Fencing in Huntsville - 3829 views HRO Today Announces Finalists of 2017 CHRO of the Year Awards - 1495 views Meet the Contestants Vying for the Title of Mrs. Pennsylvania America 2017! - 1458 views 5-time Olympian Tony Azevedo To Attend Illinois State Finals And Offer Elite Chicago Clinic - 1149 views PTC News New Altair Irvine Masterplan To Offer Guard-Gated Entry - 423 views Lennar's Vistas Community Opens Three New Models on May 6th - 334 views Doctor Who, Buffy, Sheen Q&As, Creative Panels At Wizard World Comic Con Minneapolis, May 5-7 - 183 views Sheen, Brown, Simmons Among Top Celebrities At Wizard World Comic Con Philadelphia, June 1-4 - 157 views Sheen, Cain, Marsters Among Top Celebrities At Wizard World Comic Con Des Moines, May 19-21 - 146 views Apr 27, 2017 News SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
Press Release Distribution   PR Home Latest News News Feeds Subscribe Submit Free Press Release For Bloggers PR Newswire Distribution Country(s) United States Australia India Hong Kong England - - - More Countries Industry News April 2017 Fr Th We Tu Mo Su Sa 28 27 26 25 24 23 22 CARA B Naturally® Arrives In Select Walmart Stores across Four States CHARLOTTE, N.C. - April 27, 2017 - PRLog -- CARA B Natural Products, Inc., the company that launched the authentic and trusted CARA B Naturally® brand of all natural personal care skin and hair care products formulated especially for ethnic babies and children in 2009, is now available in select Walmart stores. Select Walmart stores across North and South Carolina, Georgia, and Alabama are excited to launch CARA B Naturally on their shelves in the multicultural aisle! Since its introduction in 2009, CARA B Natural Products, Inc. has developed a reputation as one of the best emerging ethnic personal care lines on the market and the only line specifically formulated for ethnic children to be certified all-natural by the Natural Products Association. With a steady climb in sales and a loyal following developed through focused grassroots marketing initiatives, CARA B Naturally's launch in select Walmart stores will allow for even broader exposure and solidify the brand as one of the first affordable, all-natural, ethnic personal care lines available in a big box retailer. "We're very excited about where our company and brand is today," says the Company's Chief Executive Officer, Landra Booker Johnson. "Our customers want the option to find CARA B Naturally online from their home or office, on their phones, and in the stores when running Saturday errands. We're pleased to deliver more opportunities to find CARA B Naturally as we partner with Walmart stores to carry our line." CARA B Naturally can now be found in select major retail stores and online – Amazon.com, Walgreens.com, Target.com, Walmart, and the company's website, mycarab.com, where you can also find exclusive product bundles and gift baskets perfect for baby showers. CARA B Naturally products are formulated to enhance and promote the natural beauty of babies and children with varying skin types and hair textures, while avoiding the use of any synthetic chemicals that can harm delicate skin and hair. The line is made entirely with all natural plant-based ingredients and is free of parabens, petrolatum, phthalates, sulfates, mineral oil, and artificial fragrances, colors and preservatives. The Company's newest retail expansion positions the company for a year of rapid growth. "As a self-funded small business, we have been grinding since 2009, spreading the word, selling online and knocking on retailer doors. The strength of our brand and our commitment to providing the best natural products for our children and parents has kept us focused on our mission and now positioned to grow again," says Johnson. About CARA B Natural Products, Inc. Co-founded in 2009 by Landra Johnson, CEO, and her sister Kristi J. Booker, Chief Marketing Officer, this minority-owned business is committed to promoting positive images and messages for ethnically diverse children. CARA B Naturally is devoted to celebrating natural beauty and is eager to help foster healthier attitudes about how kids view themselves. From the company mission and all-natural product formulations, to the high customer service standards and charitable giving program - everything at CARA B Natural Products, Inc. is based on the belief that Children Are Always Beautiful, Naturally®. To learn more about CARA B Natural Products, Inc., please visit www.mycarab.com. Contact Kristi J. Booker (Chief Marketing Officer) CARA B Natural Products, Inc. ***@mycarab.com End Source : CARA B Natural Products, Inc. Email : ***@mycarab.com Posted By : ***@mycarab.com Tags : Natural Products, Baby Care, Natural Hair Care, Baby Products, Minority Owned, Family Owned, Woman-owned, Personal Care Products, Walmart, E-commerce Industry : Beauty, Family, Manufacturing, Retail, Shopping Location : Charlotte - North Carolina - United States Subject : Partnerships Account Email Address     Account Phone Number     Disclaimer     Report Abuse CARA B Natural Products, Inc. PRs CARA B Natural Products, Inc. a Select Minority Supplier At National Urban League Conference CARA B Naturally® Featured on The Michael Baisden Show CARA B Naturally® Exhibiting at Natural Products Expo West Charlotte-Based Company Now Available in Retail Stores CARA B Natural Products, Inc. Earns Minority Business Enterprise Certification SiteMap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice About Advertise Like PRLog? 9K2K1K
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 1 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest The Best HDR TVs of 2017 These are the best HDR TVs you can buy right now Post to Facebook The Best HDR TVs of 2017 These are the best HDR TVs you can buy right now  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2ppTLde {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Reviews Deals Electronics Home & Outdoors The Best HDR TVs of 2017 Lee Neikirk , Reviewed.com 11:40 a.m. ET April 27, 2017 22 Shares The Best HDR TVs of 2017  (Photo: Reviewed.com) — Our editors review and recommend products to help you buy the stuff you need. If you make a purchase by clicking one of our links, we may earn a small share of the revenue. Our picks and opinions are independent from any business incentives. Our top recommended HDR TV right now is the LG C7 OLED series, the most widely available HDR/4K OLED from 2017. However, it's understandable if you can't drop $3,000 on a TV, so we've put together a big list of the best. But first, a bit about HDR. HDR, or High Dynamic Range, is the latest tech upgrade for the best TVs on the market. HDR is no red-and-blue lens gimmick but is a fully fledged ecosystem transformation. Basically, Hollywood and its ilk are mastering HDR content and taking advantage of a TV's full horsepower via better use of brightness, a wider range of colors, a fuller color palette, and—of course—native 4K resolution. That's not to say every HDR TV looks the same. Each one's efficacy depends on how bright it can get, and how much color it can display (which is usually tied to how expensive it is). But that doesn't mean you need to hawk your arm and/or leg to get in on the HDR revolution. Yes, a lot of the really jaw-dropping HDR TVs carry jaw-dropping price tags, but there are plenty that will still sweep you off your feet for less. LG C7 Series - Best Overall LG's C7 series is a 2017 4K/HDR OLED option that outperforms a vast majority of last year's HDR OLEDs and compares so favorably to the $8,000 "wallpaper" flagship OLED that we simply had to call it best overall. While it's still not cheap—the 55-inch will run you around $3,000, and the 65-inch another couple thousand more—it's still the brightest, most colorful 2017 OLED that's readily available. Just keep in mind you're paying for more here than just great HDR performance. The C7 is a stellar TV, period. From design, to features, to non-HDR content, it does everything with the flourish that ought to justify its price tag. That said, we're expecting the price to drop later in 2017, and caution interested viewers to exercise patience. Read our full review. Where to Buy: Buy now at Amazon $2,999.99 at Best Buy $2,996.99 at Walmart  (Photo: Reviewed.com / Lee Neikirk) Samsung KS8000 Series - Best Value Samsung's 2016 KS8000 series blew me away when I saw it last year. It possessed almost the same level of brightness and sheer color performance as the 2016 flagship, the KS9800 series, but at less than half the price. You can get the 55-inch KS8000 for around $1,300 right now, which is an awesome price for a big, beautiful 4K/UHD smart TV with HDR performance this good. That might still seem like a good chunk of money for a "best value" pick, but you have to see this thing in full HDR glory to understand what a deal you're getting. It looks almost the same as a $3,000 TV, and while a couple other series come close, nothing has topped this price-to-performance ratio where HDR is concerned. Read our full review. Where to Buy: Buy now at Amazon $1,299.99 at Best Buy $1,497.99 at Walmart Samsung KS9800 Series The KS9800 was Samsung's flagship HDR TV last year, and it remains one of the more impressive TVs I've ever seen, though it has the price tag to match. The 65-inch KS9800 is still fairly pricy at around $3,000 (the same as the 55-inch C7 OLED from this year), but not only do you get a bigger screen for that price, you get one of the outright brightest TVs we've ever seen. Where HDR is concerned, premium performance is split along a line between LED TVs like the KS9800, and OLEDs like the C7. The C7 produces lightless black levels, giving it the huge dynamic range to make awesome HDR. The KS9800 instead opts to simply get insanely bright, hitting well over 1,000 nits of brightness, which is sunglasses-level shine. In fact, closely imitating the KS9800's performance is the key reason why the more affordable KS8000 took our "best value" pick above. But if you want to go all the way on super bright, colorful HDR, the KS9800 is currently king. Read our full review. Where to Buy: Buy now at Amazon $2,999.99 at Best Buy $2,997.99 at Walmart LG B6 Series The 2016 B6 OLED series continues to stand out as an awesome HDR TV for a bunch of reasons. For one, it's simply an awesome performer, delivering an excellent HDR experience as well as great features and reliable all-around performance. But it also continues to be simply the most affordable HDR OLED around, with the 55-inch going for $1,000 less than the C7, our best overall pick. The only problem? This model's becoming a bit harder to find as the 2017 OLEDs pepper into the market. If you want to save as much as you can without compromising on picture quality, better snap up a B6 stat. Read our full review. Where to Buy: $1,997.00 at Amazon $1,999.99 at Best Buy $1,996.99 at Walmart Vizio P Series (2016) Last year's P Series is an excellent HDR choice if you want a good look into the brightness/color advances the mode offers, but don't want to spend thousands of dollars. You can get the 55-inch P Series for around $1,000, making it that much more affordable than our "best value" KS8000. On the other hand, it doesn't offer quite the same level of performance. You're not getting the "holy smokes, HDR is crazy!" experience, but you are getting super close with something that's also just a great TV. While Vizio's updating the P Series with a 2017 version pretty soon, the 2016 series remains a great choice in the meantime. Read our full review. Where to Buy: $1,299.99 at Best Buy $998.00 at Walmart Vizio M Series (2016) Most simply, the M Series is a more affordable and slightly less finely tooled version of the P Series. The design isn't as nice, it doesn't perform quite as well, and even the included Android tablet (for Vizio's SmartCast system) is a downgrade compared to the one included with the P Series. The upside? The 55-inch 2016 M Series is only around $700, and for that you get a 4K/UHD TV with decent HDR specifications and a design that's pretty easy on the eyes, too. Read our full review. Where to Buy: $699.99 at Best Buy $698.00 at Walmart Samsung KU7000 Series The 2016 KU7000 series is a great option if you want a TV that delivers premium quality on most fronts—from a fancy design, to a finely tooled smart system, to newer tech like 4K/UHD resolution and, of course, HDR compatibility. However, at around $1,000 for the 55-inch, you're paying as much for that premium pedigree as you are for just an HDR TV. The KU7000's HDR performance is a bit underwhelming, but it's also a great choice if you just want a TV that's a good choice and also gives you a taste of HDR. Read our full review. Where to Buy: Buy now at Amazon $999.99 at Best Buy $1,197.99 at Walmart Sony X930D Series The X930D series is an interesting choice. As an HDR TV, it was one of the better premium options last year, delivering super high brightness. Though the 55-inch is still around $1,500, it's a winner where sheer HDR brightness output is concerned. Unfortunately, it isn't quite up to all of our standards in other areas. We found the local dimming process to be rough around the edges, and (most unfortunately) very inconsistent black levels that can be distracting during non-HDR content. Most notably, the color range is limited compared to similarly priced HDR TVs. Read our full review. Where to Buy: Buy now at Amazon $1,499.99 at Best Buy $1,246.24 at Walmart Samsung MU7000 Series The MU7000 series is the 2017 version of the KU7000 series, and it delivers about what you'd expect: similarly posh design and polished features, with even better HDR performance than last year's model. The 55-inch is a bit pricy at around $1,100 right now, but you're also getting reliable quality. The MU7000 has the same issue as the KU7000; while you're getting an HDR compatible TV, it doesn't make efforts to deliver a super appreciable amount of brightness the way some competing models do, barely getting brighter than the average non-HDR TV. Read our full review. Where to Buy: Buy now at Amazon $1,099.99 at Best Buy $1,097.99 at Walmart Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2ppTLde Most Popular The best 40-inch TVs you can buy right now 15 smart home essentials under $100 we absolutely love 6 ways to keep your home cool and your bills low this summer Why this award-winning chef thinks you should eat foraged greens Amazon's new Echo Look is a camera that judges your outfits 5 ways to get a deal on any Apple product at any time
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Walmart Grocery is a new Android app for all your food shopping needs Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/26 8:49am PDTApr 26, 2017 15 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 60 Share on Twitter Total Shares118 Applications Downloads News US retailer Walmart has just added another app to its burgeoning selection on the Google Play Store. The oft-maligned company already has several Android apps available with varying degrees of success. With Walmart Grocery, food shopping could be a whole lot easier. The new app allows you to select your items, make a payment, and organize delivery or collection. A similar experience can already be had at its regular, non-grocery stores with the Walmart app. The new app should be a pretty good replication of what you can already do on the Walmart Grocery website. As well as that, its seems to have the functionality of the Grocery Check-In app built in. With that, you could announce your arrival at the store to collect your shopping, and staff would bring it out to your car. From perusing the reviews it doesn't appear that the previous check-in app always worked that well, with some complaining of having to wait up to an hour for their goods to be brought out to them. It's unclear whether that's due to the app's failings or just the system itself not being that great. Hopefully the new grocery app will handle this function better and make the experience a little less frustrating.    It's promised that you'll get the same prices on the app as you would in store and you'll be able to alter your order later if you change your mind about something. In select US cities, express orders should be able to be delivered in as little as one hour and collection could be possible just 30 minutes after making an order. Delivery is also only available in certain parts of the US right now. You can enter your ZIP Code in the app to find out if you're one of the lucky ones. Download QR-Code Walmart Grocery Developer: Walmart Price: Free Tags app download Grocery walmart subscribe ... Previous Story Samsung releases kernel sources for the Exynos Galaxy S8 and S8+ ... Next Story Security firm Check Point says millions infected with botnet malware via Play Store Trending 259 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 97 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 104 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 Comments Jason Talbert As a previous Walmart employee, I can tell you that it's because the system is lacking and a number of people who are responsible for that sort of thing haven't been trained on how to use it or that it even exists. Tyler This is exciting. I LOVE the grocery pickup service. Walmart prices, without actually having to step into the store. Easy peasy. NooSH that's nice n all , but that means you are putting your trust in WALMART EMPLOYEES lol.. i mean , the article itself states people had to wait up to an hour to get their groceries to them.. that suffering should not be allowed.. that wait could used my time to do it myself , and probably do a better job , especially if it involves getting fresh produce. Tyler I've never had to wait more than 5-10 minutes. And where am I waiting? In my comfy car, rather than fighting the crowds in the store. All the groceries are kept in appropriate storage areas (frozen, cooled, etc), and I've never had any issues with my produce. On the few times they've not had what I wanted, they upgraded me to the next larger size for free. There are plenty of reasons to bash Walmart... but this isn't one of them. JohnnyRockets Totally agree. The Walmart Grocery automatic shopping and pickup experience is fantastic. NooSH fair enough .. can't really argue your own experience .. it guess for everyone it's a hit n miss depending on your location. yochanan You LOVE it? Then why don't you marry it? How much did you get paid for each of your obviously fake comments? Lisajbosworth My last paycheck was $22500 for working 12 hours a week online.Start earning $97/hour by working online from your home for few hours each day with GOOGLE... Get regular payments on weekly basis... All you need is a computer, internet connection and a litte free time... Read more here !sd234c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs524MarketInfoGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sd234c:....,...... Gabriel Macys You forgot to put a "Sponsored content" tag in this article. YuCMi I bet it tracks the hell out of you if you ever decide to enter the store, or a competitor's store. JohnnyRockets And does what? Suggest to me to buy something I've purchased before because I may have forgotten it? Which has happened before actually and I LIKE that. It was very helpful. Not sure why this is a problem. YuCMi Invasion of privacy is still an invasion of privacy regardless of intent. -Matoro Zeliph- So they will be able to deliver fresh food to my doorstep? Maybe I don't have to ever leave the house! -Matoro Zeliph- I found out that the Super Walmart that is 2 miles away from where I live isn't on board with the pickup and/or delivery groceries thing. That sucks! I wanted to be lazy! Tim Furdui So they DONT have online grocery shopping (via desktop or app) in US???? Cz people are acting so surprised/excited about this - come to UK - we have been doing it for a decade now Follow Android Police 1.5M 466k 142k 111k Latest Deals 16 [Deal Alert] Bose QuietComfort 25 down 25% to $225 on Amazon and eBay 2017/04/27 5:19am PDTApr 27, 2017 17 [Deal Alert] Get a Verizon/unlocked Galaxy S8 with warranty for just $699.99 ($56 off) from a reputable eBay seller 2017/04/26 3:46pm PDTApr 26, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Here are 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 18 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/26 3:44pm PDTApr 26, 2017 25 [Update: eBay too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/26 1:18pm PDTApr 26, 2017 38 [Update: Now it's cheaper] Deal Alert: Get a 75" Sony LED UHD Android TV from Best Buy for $2150 today ($650 off) 2017/04/24 7:35pm PDTApr 24, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 50 Sonos Playbase review: The speaker to rule the living room 2017/04/22 8:00am PDTApr 22, 2017 30 Synology DiskStation DS416play review: Cloud who? Personal servers can be cool and feature-filled too 2017/04/22 6:30am PDTApr 22, 2017 28 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 444 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 23 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 Latest Roundups 8 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/19/17 - 4/25/17) 2017/04/25 6:29pm PDTApr 25, 2017 0 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/18/17 - 4/24/17) 2017/04/24 1:15pm PDTApr 24, 2017 11 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 5 Robot Unicorn Attack 3 dashes onto the Play Store 2017/04/27 5:13pm PDTApr 27, 2017 6 Better late than never, an officially licensed Pictionary game is out on the Play Store 2017/04/27 2:31pm PDTApr 27, 2017 57 Facebook is making Messenger Lite available in 132 more countries, but not the US 2017/04/27 1:10pm PDTApr 27, 2017 5 SiriusXM has acquired Automatic, the car monitoring company 2017/04/27 12:46pm PDTApr 27, 2017 14 To no one's surprise, Disney has released a Star Wars themed match-3 puzzler 2017/04/27 11:16am PDTApr 27, 2017 Blast from the Past 296 1 Year Ago Today Evleaks Says HTC Is Building Two Nexuses - M1 And S1 - And We Think They're Codenamed Marlin And Sailfish 2016/04/27 11:45am PDTApr 27, 2016 83 2 Years Ago Today [Update: Set A Reminder As Well] Google's Desktop Search Also Lets You Set An Alarm Or Send A Note To Your Phone 2015/04/27 1:00am PDTApr 27, 2015 51 3 Years Ago Today Solid Explorer Updated With Limited Work-Around For KitKat SD Card Restrictions On Samsung Devices 2014/04/27 3:30pm PDTApr 27, 2014 6 4 Years Ago Today ASUS Transformer Pad 300 3G (TF300TG) Currently Getting Its Android 4.2.1 Update, Full ROM Download Already Available 2013/04/27 3:43pm PDTApr 27, 2013 4 5 Years Ago Today [The Android Police Podcast] Episode 7: Squirting Tidbits 2012/04/27 7:12pm PDTApr 27, 2012 31 6 Years Ago Today PSA: Take It Easy, AT&T Isn't Targeting Unauthorized Android Tethering (And May Never) 2011/04/27 10:49pm PDTApr 27, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today HTC Desire, Legend, And Possibly Incredible Rooted By MoDaCo.com Founder PaulOBrien 2010/04/27 11:31pm PDTApr 27, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 219 Google adds the Pixels to its end-of-life support page 2017/04/27 12:41pm PDTApr 27, 2017 75 How to customize Chrome's terrible New Tab page 2017/04/27 10:02am PDTApr 27, 2017 50 Google is looking into longstanding issues with Smart Lock's Trusted Places feature 2017/04/27 9:06am PDTApr 27, 2017 20 Now anyone can create a Google Classroom 2017/04/27 6:45am PDTApr 27, 2017 58 Facebook is making Messenger Lite available in 132 more countries, but not the US 2017/04/27 1:10pm PDTApr 27, 2017 Last 7 Days 104 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 314 Google's messaging mess is about money, not making your life easier (opinion) 2017/04/21 10:51am PDTApr 21, 2017 138 AT&T is the first carrier to say it has a "5G" network, which is complete bullshit 2017/04/25 8:54am PDTApr 25, 2017 52 Google App 7.1 beta is testing a search bar in the notification panel and may begin showing pollen counts [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:12am PDTApr 26, 2017 131 Opinion: Google should fix its erratic reminder system 2017/04/26 2:15pm PDTApr 26, 2017 Last 30 Days 259 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 97 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 104 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 314 Google's messaging mess is about money, not making your life easier (opinion) 2017/04/21 10:51am PDTApr 21, 2017 79 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 138 queries | 0.399s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Wal-Mart Tries Its Hand at Stunt Food With the Crotilla It's exactly what you think it is (croissant plus tortilla), and the company hopes you will be intrigued. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Apr 27, 2017 at 9:40AM There was a time when during "sweeps" rating periods -- a time once crucial to setting ad rates -- television shows would "stunt cast" just to get attention. That might mean the regular cast inexplicably bumping into one of the stars of the day (hey, it's Mr. T!). or even whole stunt episodes built around the surviving Gilligan's Island cast, or some of the The Brady Bunch showing up. In general, catchphrases would be said, laugh tracks were turned up to 11, and viewers would be happily duped into watching. The restaurant world has borrowed that phenomenon for stunt food. Starbucks (NASDAQ: SBUX) recently did it with the Unicorn Frappuccino, and chains like Burger King and Taco Bell have made events out of mashing up their menu staples with various snack chips. Stunt food, however, has become common enough that just because a chain tries something wacky does not mean the American public will care. For every Unicorn Frappuccino-level hit, there are at least a handful of Jack in the Box Brunchfasts or Burger King Satisfries that simply do not work. Even Starbucks struggled to establish a viral sensation with a stunt food offer. The chain tried numerous times before its Unicorn Frappuccino became a hit with equally ridiculous frozen drinks offered for a short time that simply did not connect with customers. Now, Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), a company that's hardly at the cutting edge of hip, has decided to take its own try at stunt food, launching what it calls the "Crotilla," which blends a croissant with a tortilla. The Crotilla is a cross between a croissant and a tortilla. Image source: Wal-Mart. What is Wal-Mart doing? The retailer is clearly trying to get attention with its new croissant/tortilla hybrid as it launched the product with a blog post headlined "Best Flatbread 4Evr: Meet the Crotilla, Your Bakery BFF." In the post, written by Wal-Mart Communications staff member Elizabeth Walker, the company says the bakery item "can be used for everything from breakfast sandwiches to Indian food." Wal-Mart clearly wants to push boundaries while staying familiar, which is not unlike what various Yum! Brands (NYSE: YUM) chains have done with their stunt food. When Taco Bell makes a taco out of Doritos or Pizza Hut stuffs hot dogs in its crust, it's different and people take notice, but it's also easy-to-understand for consumers. "We wanted to invent something innovative and exclusive to Wal-Mart. We worked with our supplier, Aryzta, to create a mash-up of two products the customer already understands, the croissant and the tortilla, similar to the Cronut sensation a few years back," Wal-Mart senior buyer Bradlee Underwood told Walker. Crotillas will be baked in Wal-Mart's bakeries each day. Underwood made it very clear what the business goal of the product is. "We know customers, especially millennial customers, are hungry for new food trends and cool ways to experience food, and we want to be a destination for that," he said. Will this work? Wal-Mart is jumping on a trend and loudly announcing that that's what it's doing. If the Crotilla tastes good, people may buy it. It's possible that existing Wal-Mart customers will be intrigued by the mash-up bakery item, but it's unlikely this will become a sensation that lures in new shoppers. Still, this is not a bad idea for Wal-Mart, though it's a sort of clumsy execution. It's not particularly hip to have a marketing team brazenly try to attach your brand to whatever the young kids like now. But sometimes it takes a lot of swings to hit a home run. If Wal-Mart builds a reputation for coming up with fun, new stuff, perhaps eventually the elusive millennial audience will come try it. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends SBUX. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Apr 27, 2017 at 9:40AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $75.44 up $0.01 (0.01%) Read More The Next Stock Warren Buffett May Sell Can Wal-Mart's Spending Spree Help Close the Gap With Amazon? Can Wal-Mart Compete With Amazon and Make Money? Why Wal-Mart Shareholders Have Something to Worry About Is Wal-Mart's New E-Commerce Acquisition Strategy Any Better Than Its Old One? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Wal-Mart Tries Its Hand at Stunt Food With the Crotilla @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT
Home Cold Cases Community Crime News Employment & Training Local News State News Calendar Business Directory Suggest a business Disclaimer Contact Stay Connected RSS for posts Connect on Facebook Credit Card Fraud Suspects Accused of Stealing Tens of Thousands of Dollars 04/27/2017 | Filed under: State News | Posted by: RACINE UNCOVERED In mid-March of 2017 Brown County Sheriff’s Office (BCSO) received reports from three separate victim’s reporting that their financial transaction cards had been used at various Wal-Mart locations throughout the State of WI. An additional victim made a similar report to the Green Bay Police Department (GBPD). None of the victims reported that they were actually missing their cards; therefore the card information is believed to have been stolen, possibly through a skimming type of a theft. It is further believed that re-encoded cards were used to commit the fraud. The cards belonging to the four victims were utilized at Wal-Mart locations in Appleton, Chilton, Sheboygan, Plymouth, De Pere, Hartford, Oshkosh, Green Bay and Fond du Lac. All the usages occurred between 03-18-17 and 03-21-17. Once the fraud was discovered, the cards were deactivated. A review of the transaction records revealed that the predominant expense was the purchase and/or funding of a Wal-Mart gift card. Transactions occurred at a self-checkout. Transaction records revealed that numerous other financial transaction cards were also either used or attempted to be used to purchase/fund Wal-Mart gift cards. A records check of several of those other financial transaction cards uncovered that they belonged to different individuals which are believed to be additional victims of fraud. Examination of the surveillance videos involving the aforementioned locations identified a black male (Subject #1) wearing camouflaged clothing (see included images) committing numerous fraudulent transactions at Wal-Mart locations in Sheboygan, Fond du Lac, Oshkosh, Appleton, Green Bay and De Pere on 03-18-17 and 03-19-17. No good surveillance images of the suspect vehicle were obtained. On 03-21-17 a light skinned male (Subject #2) (see included images) was identified committing numerous fraudulent transactions at Wal-Mart locations in Hartford, Plymouth, Chilton and Sheboygan. Subject #2 was identified to be in the company of a female (Subject #3) (see included images) who was also conducting transactions that were similar in nature and suspected to be fraudulent. Subject #2 and #3 were identified to be using a white truck. See included images. All three subjects are believed to be associated with one another and/or the criminal activity as one of the victim’s cards was first used by Subject #1 on 03-19-17 and later Subject #2 on 03-21-17. Ten Wal-Mart gift cards have been identified as associated with the group with six of them confirmed to have been at least partially funded and/or attempted to be funded by one of the known four victims’ accounts. Additionally, dozens of other financial transaction cards believed to belong to other victims were used to fund and/or attempt to fund the aforementioned ten Wal-Mart gift cards. Other additional gift cards and victims are believed to be involved with a loss estimated to be in the tens of thousands of dollars. Cursory examination of gift card transaction records have identified that they are being liquidated out of state such as IL, NC and FL. It is believed that third parties may be withdrawing funds. BCSO and the GBPD are looking for assistance in identifying the individuals outlined in this crime alert. This is being sent statewide due to the suspects committing fraudulent transactions throughout the state and knowledge that similar types of fraud have been identified around the state. If anyone has any information concerning this case please call the Brown County Sheriff’s Office at (920) 448-4230. Callers can remain anonymous and may be eligible for a reward by calling Crime Stoppers at (920)432-7867 or text GBTIP and your tip to 274637 (crimes).   Home Calendar Business Directory Suggest a business Disclaimer Contact RSS © Racine Uncoveredand www.racineuncovered.org , 2016. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of this material without express and written permission from this site’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Log in - Powered by WordPress - Designed by Gabfire Themes
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Aside From Amazon and Wal-Mart, Who Else Is Winning E-Commerce? With the conversation regarding online sales dominated by a few top companies, who else is taking advantage of the migration to a primarily e-commerce world? Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Apr 27, 2017 at 7:32AM When you think of website retail, the first name that probably comes to mind is Amazon.com, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMZN) -- and with good reason. According to Deloitte's 2017 Global Powers of Retailing Report, the e-commerce giant is the largest e-retailer in the world. Another company that likely comes to mind is discount leader Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT), which takes the spot as top retailer and sits fourth in e-commerce as it battles to expand its online sales in a market dominated by Amazon. While these two retail juggernauts catch most of the headlines, there are others quietly working to increase their online sales. E-commerce represented an estimated $322 billion in 2016, and that figure is expected to climb to $485 billion over the next five years, according to Statista.com. With that much up for grabs, it is not surprising that any number of companies would be vying for their share. eMarketer recently released data for the top e-commerce retailers in the U.S. While Amazon and Wal-Mart take some of the top spots, you may be surprised to know that other members of the old guard of retail are high on the list.  Best Buy heavily invested in e-commerce. Image source: Best Buy. Best Buy  Best Buy Co., Inc. (NYSE:BBY) was one of the first retailers to feel the pinch from the phenomenon of "showrooming" -- the practice of viewing items in a brick and mortar retail store, then buying those items later from an online retailer, often at a reduced price. The company fought back against this practice by investing heavily in its e-commerce business, which increased 17.5% and represented 15.6% of its domestic revenue in its most recent quarter. For the full year, the company increased online sales by 21%. Best Buy reported that a full 40% of orders placed online were picked up at its stores. This resulted in increased foot traffic and higher conversion rates. The Home Depot looks to e-commerce to drive growth. Image source: The Home Depot. Home Depot The Home Depot, Inc. (NYSE:HD) is a staple in the home improvement arena. It hosts more than 2,200 locations in North America, though it hasn't opened any new stores in the last three years and has increasingly focused on e-commerce to drive future growth. Over the last year, its e-commerce sales amounted to 5.9% of revenue, and the company has grown online sales by 19%. It might seem counterintuitive that a home-improvement retailer would rely on online customers to grow sales. By focusing on an interconnected retail strategy, Home Depot has been able to increase its sales per square foot by 5.5%, and it is notable that more than 45% of online orders are picked up at a store.  Macy's sees double digit online sales growth. Image source: Macy's. Macy's  Macy's, Inc. (NYSE:M) is known for its flagship Macy's and Bloomingdale's stores. The company has struggled with lower same-store sales, which were down 4% in the most recent quarter and 2.9% for the year. The company has also been working to close 100 stores, with 66 already closed and 44 more to go. The good news amid all the doom and gloom is that the company's online sales continued to exhibit double-digit growth. While Macy's didn't break it out in the most recent earnings release, eMarketer reports that Macy's e-commerce grew 12.5% and represented 17.9% of its total revenue over the last year. The company continues to tweak its mobile app and website to further accommodate and increase online sales. Danny Vena owns shares of Amazon. Danny Vena has the following options: short June 2017 $72.5 calls on Wal-Mart Stores, long January 2018 $57.5 calls on Wal-Mart Stores, long January 2018 $55 calls on Wal-Mart Stores, and short June 2017 $72.5 calls on Wal-Mart Stores. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool recommends Home Depot. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Danny Vena (TMFLifeIsGood) Daniel W. Vena, CPA, CGMA is long-term investor searching for intangibles that provide explosive growth opportunities in his investments. He served on active duty with the US Army and has a Bachelors degree in accounting. Follow @dannyvena Article Info Apr 27, 2017 at 7:32AM Technology and Telecom Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $918.38 up $9.09 (1.00%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $75.44 up $0.01 (0.01%) Best Buy NYSE:BBY $52.35 up $0.10 (0.19%) Home Depot NYSE:HD $156.12 up $1.90 (1.23%) Macy's NYSE:M $29.51 up $0.08 (0.27%) Read More 2 Ways Apple, Inc. May Benefit From Home Depot’s Massive Breach 3 Reasons Amazon Wishes It Were eBay Amazon.com Can’t Turn All of These Frogs Into Princes Investor Beat: October 8 Sprint Offers Free Cell Phone Plans to Students Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Aside From Amazon and Wal-Mart, Who Else Is Winning E-Commerce? @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $BBY, $HD, $M
null
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, April 28, 2017, 2 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / Sports / FLW Tour anglers ready for tournament By Flip Putthoff This article was published April 27, 2017 at 1:00 a.m. NWA Democrat-Gazette/J.T. WAMPLER Professional angler Charlie Evans of Berea, Ky., takes questions Wednesday from fifth-graders at Westside Elementary School in Rogers. Evans will be one of about 160 professionals who will compete this week in the FLW Tour at Beaver Lake. The bass fishing tournament starts today. Comments aAFont Size The FLW Tour at Beaver Lake presented by General Tire is Thursday through Sunday. Weigh-ins Thursday and Friday are 3 p.m. at Prairie Creek park. The public is welcome at no charge. Saturday and Sunday weigh-ins are at 4 p.m. at the Rogers Walmart store, 2001 W. Walnut St. The FLW fishing expo is at the store from noon to 4 p.m. Saturday and Sunday. FLW fishing derby for kids is 8:30 to 10:30 a.m. Saturday at Lake Bentonville. — Staff report The national spotlight for tournament fishing is on Beaver Lake this week, site of the annual Walmart FLW Tour bass competition that begins at 6:30 a.m. today. Bass anglers from around the globe will compete on the lake through Sunday. The tournament field includes 161 pro division anglers and 161 co-anglers who fish from the back deck of the pro's boat. Winner of the pro division gets $125,000. The top co-angler wins $25,000. Entry fee for the pro division is $4,500. Co-anglers pay an $800 entry. Weigh-ins today and Friday are at 3 p.m. at Prairie Creek park. The public is welcome at no charge. Saturday and Sunday weigh-ins are 4 p.m. at the Rogers Walmart, 2110 W. Walnut St. The full field of pro division anglers and co-anglers compete today and Friday. Co-angler competition ends with Friday's weigh-in. The top 20 pro division anglers compete Saturday. The field is cut to the top 10 for Sunday. Anglers may weigh five black bass each day. Black bass species include largemouth bass, spotted bass and smallmouth bass. Weights are accumulated each day. The pro with the heaviest four-day weight is the winner. Prize money of at least $10,000 is awarded for 50th place and higher in the pro division. This is the fifth tournament of the 2017 FLW Tour season and the 19th time the tour has competed on Beaver Lake. Rain last week has muddied the upstream end of the lake. Several miles of the reservoir are unfishable, said Greg Bohannan of Bentonville, an FLW pro. Muddy water is the norm south of Horseshoe Bend park. "That's actually made it a smaller lake for fishing, and Beaver isn't that big of a lake for 160 boats to fish," Bohannan said Tuesday. The water is clear from Prairie Creek park north to the dam. That gives anglers their choice of water clarity. Bohannan said bass fishing at Beaver is better now than it has been in the history of the lake. "This year it could turn into a power fishing tournament in the stained water," he said. Heavier line and bigger lures may be in order, including large spinner baits and chatter baits. Scott Canterbury of Springville, Ala., won last year with a four-day total of 20 bass that weighed 62 pounds, 7 ounces. Matt Arey of North Carolina is the only angler to win consecutive FLW tournaments at Beaver. He won in 2014 and 2015. "Beaver Lake is easily my favorite stop on the tour," Arey said. "This lake basically built the house that we live in right now, and I also love coming to the Ozarks this time of year. It's beautiful, and the lake has been on an upward trend the last few years. I expect it to be nothing less this time around." Sports on 04/27/2017 Print Headline: FLW Tour anglers ready for tournament Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Sports Wizards take Game 5, series lead USGA strict on giving pass without major Off the wire Arkansas St. men set hoops signing class FLW Tour anglers ready for tournament Softball: Heritage's Pollock making adjustmen... Arkansas' Smith looking at quality over quant... Naturals game rained out, rescheduled for Jun... Quintana, homers lead White Sox past Royals More Sports stories > Comments on: FLW Tour anglers ready for tournament To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Others say: Arkansas' example (1 comment) PHOTOS, VIDEO: Day care worker killed, 2 hurt in 2 separate drive-by shootings, Little Rock police say (9 comments) Police: Resident of Little Rock high-rise says gunfire exchanged during robbery attempt; teen killed (14 comments) Dead wrong (13 comments) Robber takes headphones from Best Buy in Arkansas, threatens to shoot employees, police say (8 comments) 1 killed in shooting inside high-rise apartment across from Little Rock mall (10 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  
Cleveland.com Menu Home News Politics Local News Opinion Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Videos Photos Akron News Place an Ad Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Metro The Plain Dealer Weather Health & Medical Crime Data Central Columnists Courts Nation World Special Reports Back to Main Menu Mark Naymik Michael McIntyre Phillip Morris Back to Main Menu At Any (Court) Cost A Critical Choice: Nursing home care Cleveland's Bike Life Justice for All: Bail reform Know the RX: Opioid addiction resources Remaking The Q Stolen in the Suburbs Back to Main Menu State Politics National Politics & Elections Cleveland City Hall Cuyahoga County Insider Special Report: Ohio Matters Back to Main Menu Akron Beachwood Berea Brecksville Brunswick Chagrin Falls Cleveland Heights Hillcrest Lakewood Lyndhurst-South Euclid Medina Parma Shaker Heights Solon Strongsville Westlake More East Side More West Side Back to Main Menu Letters to the Editor Jeff Darcy's Cartoons Kevin O'Brien More columnists Back to Main Menu Real Estate Energy Consumer Affairs Personal Finance Top Workplaces Back to Main Menu Browns Indians Cavaliers Ohio State Big 10 & Recruiting College Columns Monsters Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Sports Insider Videos Photos Back to Main Menu Bill Livingston Dennis Manoloff Terry Pluto Bud Shaw Back to Main Menu Boys Ice Hockey Girls Gymnastics Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Football Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Back to Main Menu Food/Dining Best Of Events Movies Music TV Books Arts Theater Friday! People Living Travel Style Essential CLE Comics Crossword & Puzzles Back to Main Menu Dining Guide Bars Cooking Top Restaurants Drinks Back to Main Menu Homes New Homes Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home Remodeling Place an Ad Back to Main Menu All Rentals Apartments & Communities Commercial Leases Place an Ad Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Videos Back to Main Menu cleveland.com Photos Community Photos Submit Your Photos Back to Main Menu Pets For Sale Garage Sales Celebrations Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place an Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Cleveland.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to Cleveland.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News Media Insider Rewards Data Central Ohio's largest 100 employers in 2017: Walmart tops the list Updated April 27, 2017 Posted April 27, 2017 Comment ohio-largest-employers.png CLEVELAND, Ohio - Walmart has replaced the Cleveland Clinic as Ohio’s biggest employer, according to a new list of the state's top 100 employers. Walmart, with 173 retail operations and five distribution centers, has 50,500 employees in the Ohio, according to the Ohio Development Services Agency. Cleveland Clinic, headquartered in Cleveland but with medical facilities concentrated throughout northern Ohio, is second in the 2017 rankings with 49,050 employees. A year ago, the Cleveland Clinic was first with 48,200, and Walmart was second with 46,600. The top 100 employers - actually 102 because of a three-way tie for No. 100 - are shown below. Not in the listing from the Development Services Agency is the state of Ohio. Federal employees are included by specific location, rather than as a group. - Rich Exner, cleveland.com Illustration - Rich Exner, cleveland.com best-buy.png No. 100 (tie) - Best Buy Co, Inc. - 3,000 jobs Best Buy Co, Inc., headquartered in Richfield, Minnesota, employs 3,000 people in Ohio. Sector: Retail: Electronics Stores. Covelli-Enterprises-450x122.png No. 100 (tie) - Covelli Enterprises, Inc. - 3,000 jobs Covelli Enterprises, Inc., headquartered in Warren, employs 3,000 people in Ohio. Sector: Hospitality: Restaurants. lexis-nexis.jpg No. 100 (tie) - RELX PLC /LexisNexis Group - 3,000 jobs RELX PLC /LexisNexis Group, headquartered in London, United Kingdom, employs 3,000 people in Ohio. Sector: Service: Information Retrieval. ArcelorMittal.jpeg No. 98 (tie) - ArcelorMittal SA - 3,100 jobs ArcelorMittal SA, headquartered in Luxembourg City, Luxembourg, employs 3,100 people in Ohio. Sector: Manufacture: Steel. About Us About Cleveland.com About Advance Ohio Advertise with us Audience FAQ Contact Us Career Opportunities Community FAQ Subscribe The Plain Dealer Sun News eNewsletters Subscriber Service Media Insider Rewards View My Profile Report a Delivery Issue Place a Vacation Hold Make a Payment Cleveland.com Sections News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Politics Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Deals and Coupons Local Businesses Deals in Your Area Your Regional News Pages Beachwood Brunswick Lakewood Parma & Parma Heights Strongsville More Communities Mobile Mobile Apps More on Cleveland.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Instagram | Pinterest Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Advance Ohio All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Advance Ohio Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
You're about to be redirected We notice you're visiting us from a region where we have a local version of Inc.com. READ THIS ARTICLE ON or remain on inc.com Startup Best Industries Funding Incubators Business Plans Naming Home-Based Business The UPS StoreView Grow MB Vans Strategy Operations Sales Marketing Customer Service Franchises Build Lead Company Culture Productivity Public Speaking Hiring HR/Benefits Women Entrepreneurs Rising Stars T-MobileView Innovate Creativity Invent Design Pivot Technology Cloud Computing Social Media Security Big Data Money Bootstrapping Crowdfunding Venture Capital Borrowing Business Models Personal Finance Inc. 5000 The 2016 US List The 2017 Europe List Apply Inc. 5000 US Special Reports Notes to My Younger Self Founders 40 Small Business Week The Inc. Life Icons of Entrepreneurship Hot Spots Spread the Wealth Vision 2020 Secrets of the Inspired Traveler Main Street Video Tip Sheet The Playbook Founders Forum Peak Performance Women Who Lead Notes to My Younger Self World's Coolest Offices How I Did It Lift Inc. Tested Drinks With… Origin Stories Inc. Live Events Full Schedule Inc. Women's Summit Inc.5000 Conference & Gala Iconic GrowCo Conference Inc. BrandView NEWSLETTERS MAGAZINE PARTNER CONTENT Inc. BrandView Inc. Branded Content Inc. Franchise PODCASTS SUBSCRIBE ADVERTISE INC. RADIO INC. BUSINESS HUB Inc. Verified Profile Inc. Plus Send Press Releases Plan for your business Secure Funding Get Published OTHER EDITIONS Inc. ASEAN Inc. Arabia SITEMAP PRIVACY PRESS QUERIES AD CHOICE Search Newsletters Follow Subscribe Today's Must Reads Inc. Events & Offers Inc. Partner Events & Offers Forgot Password? Enter your email to reset your password Or sign up using: New member? Sign up now. Sign in if you're already registered. MOST INNOVATIVE WOMEN Why Rent the Runway Co-Founder Jenny Fleiss Just Joined Wal-Mart The entrepreneur has been tapped to lead part of the retail giant's technology incubator, called Store No. 8. By Zoë Henry Zoë Henry is a staff reporter at Inc. and a graduate of Brown University. She lives in Brooklyn, New York. @ZoeLaHenry Reporter, Inc.@ZoeLaHenry WRITE A COMMENT CREDIT: Courtesy Walmart Advertisement Jenny Fleiss, the co-founder and former head of business development at Rent the Runway, is onto her second act. After helping to grow the fashion rental service to a reported $100 million in revenues in 2016--and finally turn a profit--she stepped down at the end of March, and has been eager to get back into startup mode. Fleiss has been tapped to head up Wal-Mart's Code 8, a stealth company based in Silicon Valley that aims to create more personal, one-to-one shopping experiences through artificial intelligence and machine learning. The startup falls under the umbrella of Store No. 8, the retail giant's first-ever technology incubator, created in an effort to compete with Amazon's e-commerce business. "I'm happiest and my best self in the early stages, when you're wearing lots of different hats," Fleiss tells Inc. of her decision to join the incubator. She adds that a fresh set of eyes are often helpful when disrupting an existing industry. "At the Rent the Runway, we didn't have fashion or technology backgrounds, and now at Wal-Mart, I'm working with a major retailers across many categories that are new [for me.]" The opportunity came via Marc Lore, Fleiss' long-time mentor and the founder of Jet.com. Lore was last year tasked with leading Wal-Mart's e-commerce division, when the retailer acquired Jet for $3.3 billion. Over the past several months, Lore has focused on capturing market share from Amazon, by acquiring retailers including ModCloth (fashion) and Moosejaw.com (outdoor gear.) The company is also reportedly in talks to purchase Bonobos, the men's clothing startup, for as much as $300 million. Also in an effort to ramp up e-commerce, Wal-Mart recently introduced a free two-day shipping service for orders of more than $35, and worked to increase the number of items available for purchase online to more than 35 million--up from just 8 million in 2016. Still, Wal-Mart trails Amazon by a lot. Last year, Amazon's product sales were $93.7 billion, while Wal-Mart saw just $14.4 billion, according to the research firm eMarketer. "We're behind," Lore admitted, speaking at the Code Commerce conference in Las Vegas last month. "We need to catch up." Thus the appeal of Store No. 8, which plans to nurture dozens of startups that--while notionally independent--will be wholly owned by Wal-Mart with access to its coffers. Although Fleiss wouldn't comment on what exactly her startup is working to build, or how it plans on generating revenue, she says she's been given carte blanche to hire her own team and run the business as she otherwise would. "Our world is flooded by a plethora of choice, where you look for a product and get so many items, and part of [this] is making it easier and more convenient," she says of the services she plans to build. Fleiss also admits that there's a certain amount of relief in working under the umbrella of a larger company that's flush with capital. When starting out, "the biggest pressure is funding, in that you need to reach a certain milestone before you run out of money," she says. "Your bank account is this ticking clock, and it drives decisions that might not be in the best long-term interest of the business." Fleiss declined to comment on how much funding Code 8 expects to receive from Wal-Mart, though says that the amount is substantial. Meet icons of entrepreneurship at this year's iCONIC Tour in NYC and LA! Speakers include Daymond John, Arianna Huffington, and Michael Dubin. To learn more visit iconic.inc.com. Published on: Apr 27, 2017 Advertisement
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Deniz Olmez Celebrates Milestone of Helping Almost 1,000 Clients Optimize Sales on Over 500,000 Products on Amazon & Walmart     NEW YORK, NY, April 27, 2017 /24-7PressRelease/ — Today, Deniz Olmez, a leading US-based Senior Amazon Consultant, Fulfillment by Amazon recognized Expert, and Walmart Consultant trusted by major brands worldwide, has confirmed that he has now assisted nearly 1,000 clients to achieve significant sales targets with Amazon, Walmart, and other top international marketplaces on over 500,000 separate product listings. The consultancy was founded to help brands, manufacturers, Amazon and Walmart sellers, and a multitude of other vendors and marketplaces across the prime target markets of North America, Europe, and Asia. After graduating in Business Management from Hacettepe University in Ankara, Turkey, Deniz Olmez built up a solid reputation and 12 years experience in the traditional commerce and e-commerce sectors. Today, the systems and methods that he carefully developed for himself and his 7-strong team help clients to grow their businesses in over 32 countries worldwide. „It’s a significant day in the life of our consultancy and Amazon Consulting Services. It’s been a privilege to help almost 1,000 clients to achieve their Amazon Seller Central, Walmart, and other marketplace goals in the most efficient manner possible on over 500,000 amazing products,” expressed, Deniz Olmez, Senior Amazon Consultant, Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) Expert, and Walmart Consultant. „It’s very rewarding to help clients to fully optimize not just their business but their entire sales process to make it more lucrative. It has always brought me joy to see some of my clients achieve their first 7-figure sales target.” The wide range of Deniz Olmez Amazon Consulting Services include: Amazon Business Design and Implementation, Project Management, Seller Central Account Management and Audit, Product Marketing and Amazon SEO, Amazon Sponsored Products Ads (PPC) Audit, New Campaign Creation and Management, Competitor Research and Analysis, Inventory Management, Brand Protection, Software and Strategy Selection, and Amazon Product Sourcing. Since 2012, the Deniz Olmez Amazon consultancy has earned a global reputation for world-class excellence in optimizing Amazon, Walmart, and a variety of other top marketplaces for our almost 1,000 clients. In this time, we have made over 500,000 products more attractive to buyers. We help online and multi-channel retailers and brand manufacturers succeed by super analyzing the competition, developing groundbreaking marketing and advertising strategies, and customizing business plans to make them a standout choice. To explore more, visit: http://olmezd.com/ CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Symbior Solar and Paragon Group Granted 10MWp Solar PV Project in Bangladesh as First in Their Joint Pipeline Next PostNext Global Bio-Sensors Market for non-clinical Applications 2016-2020 – Features Key Companies ( Biosensor Applications, DuPont, Remedios, Smiths Detection ) Search Recent Posts Audited annual information of Invalda INVL for 2016 Tamper Evident Packaging Market size in terms of volume and value 2016-2026 AB „Invalda INVL“ 2016 m. audituota metinė informacija Computer Cables Market 2017 Global Research Report By Application, Consumption, Share & Growth California’s Cody Meyer Leads Day One of FLW Tour at Beaver Lake presented by General Tire Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Member LoginRegister New Account My 24-7 Press Release Account Media Desk for Journalists, Bloggers & Readers Products & Services Press Release Distribution Pricing & Distribution Plans Why Choose 24-7 Press Release? Where Does Your News Go? Take a Tour Editorial/Submission Guidelines Press Release Writing Writing Services Agency PReferred Program What is Agency PReferred Become an Agency PReferred Client News Releases Select News Type Today's News News by Industry News with Video Search News News by Date News Releases 2017 News Releases 2016 News Releases 2015 News Releases 2014 News by RSS RSS Feed Top News Industry Arts & Entertainment Business Computer Consumer Education Environment Fashion Home & Family Home & Garden Industry Internet Law & Legal Lifestyle Medical Sports Technology Media Desk Journalists, bloggers, and readers can now access our exclusive Media Desk for enhanced, personalized news searching and tracking. Partners Become a Syndication Partner Real-Time News Content Hosted Content Delivery Solutions News Widget RSS Host Content on Your Server FTP/XML Data Feed Apply Now Knowledge Base FAQ We have all answers to your questions about our products and services. VIDEOS Watch our videos to learn about what we have to offer. ARTICLES Our articles will guide you in writing attractive and successful press releases. DOCUMENTS View our help documents for tips and resources. Company About Us About 24-7 Press Release Executive Team Clients Newsletter Newsletter Sign-Up Affiliate Program Become an Affiliate What's New Newsroom Blog Testimonials What Our Customers Say Submit a Testimonial Toll Free Telephone 1-888-880-9539 Hours of Business M-F 8:30am - 5:00pm PST Follow Us Through Social Media All Press Releases for April 27, 2017 » Email This Story Printer Friendly PDF Version RSS Feed Deniz Olmez Celebrates Milestone of Helping Almost 1,000 Clients Optimize Sales on Over 500,000 Products on Amazon & Walmart The Deniz Olmez Name has Now Become Synonymous with Helping Close to 1,000 Clients Optimize Sales on over 500,000 Products with Industry Giants Amazon & Walmart     NEW YORK, NY, April 27, 2017 /24-7PressRelease/ -- Today, Deniz Olmez, a leading US-based Senior Amazon Consultant, Fulfillment by Amazon recognized Expert, and Walmart Consultant trusted by major brands worldwide, has confirmed that he has now assisted nearly 1,000 clients to achieve significant sales targets with Amazon, Walmart, and other top international marketplaces on over 500,000 separate product listings. The consultancy was founded to help brands, manufacturers, Amazon and Walmart sellers, and a multitude of other vendors and marketplaces across the prime target markets of North America, Europe, and Asia. After graduating in Business Management from Hacettepe University in Ankara, Turkey, Deniz Olmez built up a solid reputation and 12 years experience in the traditional commerce and e-commerce sectors. Today, the systems and methods that he carefully developed for himself and his 7-strong team help clients to grow their businesses in over 32 countries worldwide. "It's a significant day in the life of our consultancy and Amazon Consulting Services. It's been a privilege to help almost 1,000 clients to achieve their Amazon Seller Central, Walmart, and other marketplace goals in the most efficient manner possible on over 500,000 amazing products," expressed, Deniz Olmez, Senior Amazon Consultant, Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) Expert, and Walmart Consultant. "It's very rewarding to help clients to fully optimize not just their business but their entire sales process to make it more lucrative. It has always brought me joy to see some of my clients achieve their first 7-figure sales target." The wide range of Deniz Olmez Amazon Consulting Services include: Amazon Business Design and Implementation, Project Management, Seller Central Account Management and Audit, Product Marketing and Amazon SEO, Amazon Sponsored Products Ads (PPC) Audit, New Campaign Creation and Management, Competitor Research and Analysis, Inventory Management, Brand Protection, Software and Strategy Selection, and Amazon Product Sourcing. Since 2012, the Deniz Olmez Amazon consultancy has earned a global reputation for world-class excellence in optimizing Amazon, Walmart, and a variety of other top marketplaces for our almost 1,000 clients. In this time, we have made over 500,000 products more attractive to buyers. We help online and multi-channel retailers and brand manufacturers succeed by super analyzing the competition, developing groundbreaking marketing and advertising strategies, and customizing business plans to make them a standout choice. To explore more, visit: http://olmezd.com/ # # # Comment on this story... Share This Story Contact Information Deniz Olmez Deniz Olmez Brooklyn, NY U.S.A Voice: (646) 431-0151 E-Mail: Email Us Here Website: Visit Our Website Blog: Visit Our Blog Like This Story? I like it! 0 Tweets Disclaimer If you have any questions regarding information in this press release, please contact the person listed in the contact module of this page. Please do not attempt to contact 24-7 Press Release Newswire. We are unable to assist you with any information regarding this release. 24-7 Press Release Newswire disclaims any content contained in this press release. Please see our complete Terms of Service disclaimer for more information. Pricing & Distribution Agency PReferred Program Syndicate Our News News Widget RSS Feeds Affiliate Program About Us Contact Us Today's News News by Industry FAQs Testimonials Business Directory Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Connect with 24-7 Press Release: Accelerate Business Exposure with 24-7 Press Release Service. © 2004-2017 24-7Pressrelease.com. All Rights Reserved.
CLOSE Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory E-Edition Weather Subscribe Contact Us Free Time Local Directory Magazines Buy Photos Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Magazines Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory On the Record Police, Fire – April 27 By Staff Reports - 4/26/17 6:32 PM Franklin Thefts 800 block of Hurricane Street: A woman reported at 3:50 p.m. Tuesday that several boxes of items were stolen after someone dropped her items off at her curb. Walmart, 2125 U.S. 31 North: An employee reported at 9:50 p.m. Tuesday that two men stole multiple bottles of alcohol. Police pulled them over and they were issued summons to appear in court. Identity theft 2800 block of U.S. 31: A man reported at 2:37 p.m. Tuesday that someone filed a tax return using his information. Counterfeiting Starbucks, 2279 U.S. 31 North: An employee reported at 3:19 p.m. Tuesday that someone passed a counterfeit $20 bill. Property-damage accidents 12:28 p.m. Tuesday — Commerce Parke Drive and U.S. 31. 7:43 a.m. Tuesday — 2600 block of Cumberland Drive. Greenwood Thefts 100 block of Greenwood Trail North: Police responded at 11:56 a.m. Tuesday to a report of vehicle theft. Walmart, 1133 N. Emerson Ave.: Police responded at 3:47 p.m. Tuesday to a report of theft. A person was issued a summons to appear in court. Beauty Brands, 745 U.S. 31 North: Police responded at 4:13 p.m. Tuesday to a report of shoplifting. 500 block of Remington Place: Police responded at 9:31 p.m. Tuesday to a report of theft. First block of Hidden Bay Drive: Police responded at 7:26 a.m. Wednesday to a report of theft of change, a purse and sunglasses. Johnson County Property-damage accident 10:12 p.m. Tuesday — 5900 block of Wakefield Road, Greenwood. Theft 2400 block of S. County Road 75W, Franklin: A man reported at 6:22 p.m. Tuesday that someone stole a propane tank from his property. Jail bookings The following people recently were arrested and booked into the Johnson County jail: William James Stevens, 48, Whiteland; arrested on charges of domestic battery, possession of paraphernalia and resisting an officer; held without bond. Douglas Lamont Holland, 27, 6337 Wood Knoll, Indianapolis; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; held on $350 bond. Leonard Lee Ragsdale, 54, homeless, Indianapolis; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court and a charge of probation revocation; held on $450 bond. Angela Nicole Tidwell, 35, 502 Lincoln St., Apt. 3, Edinburgh; arrested on a charge of leaving the scene of an accident; released on $250 bond. Karyn Rene Portocarrero, 41, 832 Spinney Lane, Whiteland; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; released on $350 bond. Irazay G. Rojas-Diaz, 33, 5574 Sweet River Drive, Indianapolis; arrested on a charge of driving without ever receiving a license; released on $1,250 bond. Daniel James Nations, 31, 887 E. Main St., Greenwood; arrested on charges of possession of marijuana/hashish, possession of paraphernalia and driving while suspended with a previous conviction; bond unavailable. Renee Wilkerson, 48, 509 W. Center Cross St., Apt. B, Edinburgh; arrested on a charge of battery; released on $1,000 bond. Patrick W. Belser, 33, 413 Franklin St., Edinburgh; arrested on warrants for failure to appear in court; held on $816 bond. Sharita Nicole Shannon, 28, 329 N. Oxford St., Indianapolis; arrested on a charge of criminal conversion; released on $250 bond. Charles Blake Dawson, 33, 3146 Bristlecone Court, Whiteland; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; released on $168 bond. David Wayne Walker, 40, 352 N. Main St., Frankfort; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; held on $600 bond. Taylor Wayne Davis, 49, 90 N. Water St., Monrovia; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; held on $1,500 bond. Amanda Anderson, 34, 940 Jefferson St., Indianapolis; arrested on an out of county warrant; held without bond. Shawn Patrick Arthur, 29, 1509 Douglas Drive, Franklin; arrested on a charge of probation revocation; held without bond. John Caleb Wiseman, 27, homeless, Greenwood; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; held on $500 bond. Sarah Michelle Banta, 26, Franklin; arrested on a charge of domestic battery; held on $1,000 bond. Martin W. Wituszynski, 20, 327 E. Broadway St.,Greenwood; arrested on a charge of possession, consumption or transportation of alcohol by a minor; held on $1,000 bond. Jacob S. Day, 20, 4805 E. Neitzel Road, Mooresville; arrested on a charge of possession, consumption or transportation of alcohol by a minor; held on $1,000 bond. Brandon Ezekiel Sodrel, 20, 5461 Travis Road, Greenwood; arrested on a charge of possession, consumption or transportation of alcohol by a minor; held on $1,000 bond. Alexa Ayleen Hicks, 25, homeless, Columbus; arrested on an out of county warrant and false identity statement; held without bond. The following person recently was arrested on a charge of driving while intoxicated and booked into jail: Kalob Mackenzie Norton, 20, 422 Westbrook Drive, Whiteland; also arrested on charges of public intoxication and possession of marijuana/hashish and possession of paraphernalia; released on $3,000 bond. STAY CONNECTED 12,324FansLike 3,722FollowersFollow ABOUT USNobody covers Johnson county and the surrounding areas like Daily Journal. Contact us: editorial@dailyjournal.net FOLLOW US © 2017 Daily Journal unless otherwise noted. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy Part of the AIM Media network
Breaking News Exclusive: Trump says 'major, major' conflict with North Korea possible, but seeks diplomacy Exclusive: 'If there's a shutdown, there's a shutdown,' Trump says Exclusive: Trump vows to fix or scrap South Korea trade deal, wants missile system payment Exclusive: Trump complains Saudis not paying fair share for U.S. defense Exclusive: Trump spurns Taiwan president's suggestion of another phone call Exclusive: Trump says he thought being president would be easier than his old life Tillerson to lay U.N. groundwork to boost North Korea sanctions Exclusive: Tesla's Klaus Grohmann ousted after clash with CEO Musk - sources Trump says was 'psyched to terminate NAFTA' but reconsidered Arkansas's fourth execution in eight days ends death chamber flurry Fri 28 Apr 2017 - 1 Shaban 1438 Editor-in-Chief Abdullah Al Shueili Home Head stories Local World Region Asia India Europe America Analysis Business Oman Motor Technology Market Sports Oman Sport Football Cricket Golf Tennis Features Books Entertainment Lifestyle People Spotlight Arts Travel Magazines Weekend National Day 45 Mazoon Duqm The Vision Oman Logistics Aqar Oman Opal Magazine More Main My Voice Blogs Weekend Health Environment Technology Culture Saturday Editor’s choice Gourmet Cartoon Ask your doctor WILDLIFE Auto Videos VACANCIES Archive 2016 2015 Home → Business → US retailers bet on Congress over Bolivia US retailers bet on Congress over Bolivia Wednesday 26th, April 2017 / 22:09 Written by Oman Observer in Business Nandita Bose – Target Corp, Wal-Mart Stores Inc and other retailers are shelving considerations to move supply bases closer to the United States in the face of a possible border tax, banking instead on killing support for the tax idea in Congress. President Donald Trump’s administration plans to impose a 20 per cent tax on imports, a levy that, industry officials said, could raise US consumer prices by as much as 25 per cent. Last week, the President said he favoured an ‘import tax’ that could be adjusted to reflect the country of origin’s tax rate for US products. The decision by retailers to forestall supply chain investment in countries such as Bolivia and Romania to focus on lobbying Congress shows how Trump’s ambitious agenda has instilled a new level of risk operating outside US borders. But the vagueness around Trump’s proposals and whether they may ever be implemented means retail industry executives are still not willing to change their operating infrastructure. The Retail Industry Leaders Association, which is leading the industry lobbying effort, has conducted 140 meetings with lawmakers since December, focusing on the costs of a new tax and encouraging lawmakers who oppose Trump’s idea. Prospects for a quick passage of a tax bill took a hit last month when the Republican attempt to overhaul the national healthcare law failed to get a vote in the US House of Representatives. Trump and Republican leaders have said they still intend to pass a healthcare reform law first, casting further doubt on when Congress may consider tax reform. The border tax proposal likely will be “as messy as the healthcare bill,” according to Brian Dodge, senior executive vice-president of public affairs for the retail lobby group. Target, for one, thinks the industry’s lobbying efforts are succeeding. “We are working on educating lawmakers and President Trump hasn’t embraced it yet, so we definitely think we are making progress,” a senior company official at Target said on condition of anonymity. There is good reason for retailers to fight the tax idea. RBC Capital Markets forecast such a levy could reduce profits of six large US retailers by as much as $13 billion in its first year, with Wal-Mart alone seeing its federal tax bill jump to $16.6 billion from $6.6 billion. For a graphic please click http://tmsnrt.rs/2oVlOPB Best Buy Co Inc, which relies heavily on electronics imports, could see its earnings completely wiped out, RBC warned. Best Buy declined to comment. Firms with less exposure to overseas suppliers — ranging from off-price chains like TJX Cos and Ross Stores to cosmetics seller Ulta Beauty — would feel less impact than heavy importers like Wal-Mart, Target and Costco Wholesale Corp, analysts and consultants said. TJX Companies and Ulta Beauty declined comment. Ross Stores and Costco did not respond to requests seeking comment. Steve Osburn, director of supply chain for retail consultancy Kurt Salmon, said it is more cost effective to spend on lobbying than on supply chain relocation at this point. Retailers also have other investment needs, especially around winning consumers who want to shop from home. “They are putting a lot of money in e-commerce initiatives to compete online so there are not a lot of funds to spare,” he said. One outlier is luxury handbag maker Rebecca Minkoff, which sells its own products and supplies other retailers, like Nordstrom Inc and Amazon.com Inc. The prospect of a Trump border tax factored into its recent decision to supply US customers from Europe as it mitigates logistics costs to supply to the United States, according to Uri Minkoff, the firm’s founder and CEO. “The process has intensified in the past six months,” said Minkoff. The decision to bank more on the lobby effort to kill support for the tax idea comes after retailers spent the last few months considering whether to move some of their production to supply bases like Bolivia, Brazil and other South American countries with low wage rates, as well as European countries like Hungary, Bulgaria and the Czech Republic, industry sources told Reuters. A return to the United States was also a consideration, the sources said. — Reuters About the author View all articles by Oman Observer ← Indonesia unlikely to repeat spending cuts this year Next Post → ← Previous Next → Search Recent Posts Recent HM thanked by Al Roya participants GCC states reject terror Orpic marks groundbreaking of LPIC’s $688m Fahud unit Israel missiles hit Damascus Read More ... Facebook Twitter 12 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: Activity levels in Oman’s oil & gas sector will be sustained at peak highs in an effort to build capacity @Mog_Oman /t… 12 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: An agreement signed by @almoujmuscat will add a new luxury property to Oman's leading lifestyle destination /t.co/8frJ… 12 hours agoRT @Oman_biz: The luxurious Shangri-La Al Husn Resort & Spa in Oman will be relaunched as a standalone resort in Oct @OmanTourism /t… Home Archives Sitemap Contact Us LATEST NEWS Editor’s choice Gourmet Entertainment 2016 © All right reserved for Oman Establishment for Press, Publication and Advertising (OEPPA)
Tip Us Android Police New Articles News Latest news Android O Nougat 7.0/7.1 Android OS Wearables Android TV Android Auto Development More News... Apps/Games Games Applications Roundups App Reviews Game Reviews More Apps/Games... Reviews All reviews Phone Reviews Tablet Reviews Wearable Reviews Other Reviews More Reviews... Devices Nexus Devices Samsung HTC Motorola Sony LG NVIDIA Huawei More Devices... Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us Prev Posts in the last 24 Hours 24 Hours 48 Hours 72 Hours sorted by Hottest Hottest Latest Comments Next Leaks Exclusives Downloads Deals Giveaways Features Editorials Podcast Tip Us ... Walmart Grocery is a new Android app for all your food shopping needs Scott Scrivens View All Posts 2017/04/26 8:49am PDTApr 26, 2017 15 Plus 1 on G+ 43 Share on Facebook 60 Share on Twitter Total Shares118 Applications Downloads News US retailer Walmart has just added another app to its burgeoning selection on the Google Play Store. The oft-maligned company already has several Android apps available with varying degrees of success. With Walmart Grocery, food shopping could be a whole lot easier. The new app allows you to select your items, make a payment, and organize delivery or collection. A similar experience can already be had at its regular, non-grocery stores with the Walmart app. The new app should be a pretty good replication of what you can already do on the Walmart Grocery website. As well as that, its seems to have the functionality of the Grocery Check-In app built in. With that, you could announce your arrival at the store to collect your shopping, and staff would bring it out to your car. From perusing the reviews it doesn't appear that the previous check-in app always worked that well, with some complaining of having to wait up to an hour for their goods to be brought out to them. It's unclear whether that's due to the app's failings or just the system itself not being that great. Hopefully the new grocery app will handle this function better and make the experience a little less frustrating.    It's promised that you'll get the same prices on the app as you would in store and you'll be able to alter your order later if you change your mind about something. In select US cities, express orders should be able to be delivered in as little as one hour and collection could be possible just 30 minutes after making an order. Delivery is also only available in certain parts of the US right now. You can enter your ZIP Code in the app to find out if you're one of the lucky ones. Download QR-Code Walmart Grocery Developer: Walmart Price: Free Tags app download Grocery walmart subscribe ... Previous Story Samsung releases kernel sources for the Exynos Galaxy S8 and S8+ ... Next Story Security firm Check Point says millions infected with botnet malware via Play Store Trending 259 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 97 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 104 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 Comments Jason Talbert As a previous Walmart employee, I can tell you that it's because the system is lacking and a number of people who are responsible for that sort of thing haven't been trained on how to use it or that it even exists. Tyler This is exciting. I LOVE the grocery pickup service. Walmart prices, without actually having to step into the store. Easy peasy. NooSH that's nice n all , but that means you are putting your trust in WALMART EMPLOYEES lol.. i mean , the article itself states people had to wait up to an hour to get their groceries to them.. that suffering should not be allowed.. that wait could used my time to do it myself , and probably do a better job , especially if it involves getting fresh produce. Tyler I've never had to wait more than 5-10 minutes. And where am I waiting? In my comfy car, rather than fighting the crowds in the store. All the groceries are kept in appropriate storage areas (frozen, cooled, etc), and I've never had any issues with my produce. On the few times they've not had what I wanted, they upgraded me to the next larger size for free. There are plenty of reasons to bash Walmart... but this isn't one of them. JohnnyRockets Totally agree. The Walmart Grocery automatic shopping and pickup experience is fantastic. NooSH fair enough .. can't really argue your own experience .. it guess for everyone it's a hit n miss depending on your location. yochanan You LOVE it? Then why don't you marry it? How much did you get paid for each of your obviously fake comments? Lisajbosworth My last paycheck was $22500 for working 12 hours a week online.Start earning $97/hour by working online from your home for few hours each day with GOOGLE... Get regular payments on weekly basis... All you need is a computer, internet connection and a litte free time... Read more here !sd234c: ➽➽ ➽➽;➽➽ http://GoogleFinancialCashJobs524MarketInfoGetPaid$97/Hour... ★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫★★★✫::::::!sd234c:....,...... Gabriel Macys You forgot to put a "Sponsored content" tag in this article. YuCMi I bet it tracks the hell out of you if you ever decide to enter the store, or a competitor's store. JohnnyRockets And does what? Suggest to me to buy something I've purchased before because I may have forgotten it? Which has happened before actually and I LIKE that. It was very helpful. Not sure why this is a problem. YuCMi Invasion of privacy is still an invasion of privacy regardless of intent. -Matoro Zeliph- So they will be able to deliver fresh food to my doorstep? Maybe I don't have to ever leave the house! -Matoro Zeliph- I found out that the Super Walmart that is 2 miles away from where I live isn't on board with the pickup and/or delivery groceries thing. That sucks! I wanted to be lazy! Tim Furdui So they DONT have online grocery shopping (via desktop or app) in US???? Cz people are acting so surprised/excited about this - come to UK - we have been doing it for a decade now Follow Android Police 1.5M 466k 142k 111k Latest Deals 16 [Deal Alert] Bose QuietComfort 25 down 25% to $225 on Amazon and eBay 2017/04/27 5:19am PDTApr 27, 2017 17 [Deal Alert] Get a Verizon/unlocked Galaxy S8 with warranty for just $699.99 ($56 off) from a reputable eBay seller 2017/04/26 3:46pm PDTApr 26, 2017 16 [Deal Alert] Here are 23 temporarily free, 2 cheap, and 18 on-sale apps for your Wednesday 2017/04/26 3:44pm PDTApr 26, 2017 25 [Update: eBay too] Deal Alert: Best Buy has the 16GB Moto G4 Plus for $160 in its Deal of the Day ($90 off) 2017/04/26 1:18pm PDTApr 26, 2017 38 [Update: Now it's cheaper] Deal Alert: Get a 75" Sony LED UHD Android TV from Best Buy for $2150 today ($650 off) 2017/04/24 7:35pm PDTApr 24, 2017 Latest Poll Inbox or Gmail? Gmail Inbox Both Neither View Results  Loading ... Discuss This Poll Recent Reviews 50 Sonos Playbase review: The speaker to rule the living room 2017/04/22 8:00am PDTApr 22, 2017 30 Synology DiskStation DS416play review: Cloud who? Personal servers can be cool and feature-filled too 2017/04/22 6:30am PDTApr 22, 2017 28 Synology RT2600AC review: A beast disguised as a router 2017/04/19 10:55am PDTApr 19, 2017 444 Galaxy S8 and S8+ review: Another pair of excellent mainstream smartphones from Samsung 2017/04/18 7:59am PDTApr 18, 2017 23 Fitbit Alta HR review: Compromising features for a slim profile and 7-day battery life 2017/04/15 4:00am PDTApr 15, 2017 Latest Roundups 8 22 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/19/17 - 4/25/17) 2017/04/25 6:29pm PDTApr 25, 2017 0 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/18/17 - 4/24/17) 2017/04/24 1:15pm PDTApr 24, 2017 11 17 new and notable (and 1 WTF) Android games from the last week (4/12/17 - 4/18/17) 2017/04/18 5:29pm PDTApr 18, 2017 19 11 new and notable Android apps from the last week (4/11/17 - 4/17/17) 2017/04/17 7:02pm PDTApr 17, 2017 5 19 new and notable Android games from the last week (4/4/17 - 4/11/17) 2017/04/11 3:45pm PDTApr 11, 2017 Recent Apps and Games 5 Robot Unicorn Attack 3 dashes onto the Play Store 2017/04/27 5:13pm PDTApr 27, 2017 6 Better late than never, an officially licensed Pictionary game is out on the Play Store 2017/04/27 2:31pm PDTApr 27, 2017 57 Facebook is making Messenger Lite available in 132 more countries, but not the US 2017/04/27 1:10pm PDTApr 27, 2017 5 SiriusXM has acquired Automatic, the car monitoring company 2017/04/27 12:46pm PDTApr 27, 2017 14 To no one's surprise, Disney has released a Star Wars themed match-3 puzzler 2017/04/27 11:16am PDTApr 27, 2017 Blast from the Past 296 1 Year Ago Today Evleaks Says HTC Is Building Two Nexuses - M1 And S1 - And We Think They're Codenamed Marlin And Sailfish 2016/04/27 11:45am PDTApr 27, 2016 83 2 Years Ago Today [Update: Set A Reminder As Well] Google's Desktop Search Also Lets You Set An Alarm Or Send A Note To Your Phone 2015/04/27 1:00am PDTApr 27, 2015 51 3 Years Ago Today Solid Explorer Updated With Limited Work-Around For KitKat SD Card Restrictions On Samsung Devices 2014/04/27 3:30pm PDTApr 27, 2014 6 4 Years Ago Today ASUS Transformer Pad 300 3G (TF300TG) Currently Getting Its Android 4.2.1 Update, Full ROM Download Already Available 2013/04/27 3:43pm PDTApr 27, 2013 4 5 Years Ago Today [The Android Police Podcast] Episode 7: Squirting Tidbits 2012/04/27 7:12pm PDTApr 27, 2012 31 6 Years Ago Today PSA: Take It Easy, AT&T Isn't Targeting Unauthorized Android Tethering (And May Never) 2011/04/27 10:49pm PDTApr 27, 2011 0 7 Years Ago Today HTC Desire, Legend, And Possibly Incredible Rooted By MoDaCo.com Founder PaulOBrien 2010/04/27 11:31pm PDTApr 27, 2010 What's Hot Last 24 Hours 219 Google adds the Pixels to its end-of-life support page 2017/04/27 12:41pm PDTApr 27, 2017 75 How to customize Chrome's terrible New Tab page 2017/04/27 10:02am PDTApr 27, 2017 50 Google is looking into longstanding issues with Smart Lock's Trusted Places feature 2017/04/27 9:06am PDTApr 27, 2017 20 Now anyone can create a Google Classroom 2017/04/27 6:45am PDTApr 27, 2017 58 Facebook is making Messenger Lite available in 132 more countries, but not the US 2017/04/27 1:10pm PDTApr 27, 2017 Last 7 Days 104 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 314 Google's messaging mess is about money, not making your life easier (opinion) 2017/04/21 10:51am PDTApr 21, 2017 138 AT&T is the first carrier to say it has a "5G" network, which is complete bullshit 2017/04/25 8:54am PDTApr 25, 2017 52 Google App 7.1 beta is testing a search bar in the notification panel and may begin showing pollen counts [APK Teardown] 2017/04/26 5:12am PDTApr 26, 2017 131 Opinion: Google should fix its erratic reminder system 2017/04/26 2:15pm PDTApr 26, 2017 Last 30 Days 259 These are all the apps and services that will work with Google Home [Continuously Updated] 2017/04/19 10:15am PDTApr 19, 2017 97 Google Photos v2.13 adds video stabilization, hints at possible Google+ integration [APK Download + Teardown] 2017/04/12 4:09am PDTApr 12, 2017 104 Google posts truly incredible night images captured by the Pixel and Nexus 6P 2017/04/25 11:28am PDTApr 25, 2017 314 Google's messaging mess is about money, not making your life easier (opinion) 2017/04/21 10:51am PDTApr 21, 2017 79 Google Assistant's screen search has been moved to a button 2017/04/14 9:02am PDTApr 14, 2017 Notice a bug? Let us know here. Link monetization by Skimlinks Privacy Policy | DMCA Disclaimer | About | Advertise | Contact 138 queries | 0.399s | nexus2 Android is a trademark of Google Inc. | © Illogical Robot LLC, 2009-2017
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Good News for Twitter, Chipotle, and iRobot Investors A rundown of their latest quarterly results with the Motley Fool. Chris Hill (TMFWizard) Apr 27, 2017 at 9:00PM On this episode of Market Foolery, host Chris Hill is joined by Motley Fool analysts David Kretzmann and Aaron Bush to discuss some of the many companies releasing earnings reports this week. Between Chipotle (NYSE:CMG), Twitter (NYSE:TWTR), and iRobot (NASDAQ:IRBT), the trio of companies all gave shareholders reasons to smile. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on April 26, 2017. Chris Hill: It's Wednesday, April 26th. Welcome to Market Foolery! I'm Chris Hill, joining me in studio today from Rule Breakers and Supernova, David Kretzmann and Aaron Bush. Happy Wednesday, gents! David Kretzmann: Hey, Chris! Aaron Bush: Happy Wednesday.  Hill: This is one of those days when we have three companies we're going to talk about today. We could easily talk about ten other companies. That's how many companies are reporting today. But, we have to choose, because we're not doing an hour long show. Kretzmann: We could. I don't know if anyone would listen. [laughs]  Hill: Two things would happen if we did an hour long show. Long-time listeners, to your point, would just cut out, they would just be like, I'm done. Once they hit the 35 minute mark, they'd pull the plug. The other thing is, Kristine Harjes is coming in in a little bit to host Industry Focus, and we don't want to incur the wrath of Kristine Harjes and the Industry Focus crew. Bush: She'll boot us out. Hill: So, let's start with signs of life -- I can't believe I'm saying this -- signs of life from Twitter. Shares are up 11% this morning after a first quarter report that included, Aaron, a rise in monthly active users. The revenue fell, for those of you who actually pay attention to money. The revenue fell, but that seems to matter less than the fact that monthly active users are on the rise. Bush: Yeah, I think the 10% pop in the stock today is a little misplaced, in my opinion. I don't really think it was that great of a quarter, to be honest with you, Chris. I think you could say it was a mixed bag. Revenue was down, margins and cash flow were up, users were up. But ultimately, I do think, when you piece it all together, the news is more bad than it is good. Hill: Wow, really? Bush: I think so. On one hand, it's clear that Twitter is slowly making changes. They're slow, they're ungodly slow when it comes to handling user issues like abuse and improving the actual timeline. But they are improving their cost, free cash flow is growing, the user base is growing, daily active users was up 14% year over year, which is actually pretty great. And I do think that's because of some of these efforts they put in place from the product perspective. That said, revenue, you can't just ignore that. That's huge. It's down 8% over the last year, and this is the 11th quarter in a row of a deceleration. The first quarter that it's down. That's pretty bad. I think the moral of the story here is pretty simple. Twitter's ads are currently not competitive with Facebook and Google, not even close. And it's a huge undertaking for them to become competitive. So, you can celebrate all these other wins, but at the end of the day, this is the business. Turning the ship around is still a multi-year process, and the slower they move, the higher the odds of them getting whacked. Hill: So, the people who are on Twitter itself, but also reporting in the media, etc, who are saying, among other things that CEO Jack Dorsey has bought himself some time, this was a good quarter, let's quiet down the drumbeat of, he needs to choose between being CEO of Twitter and being the CEO of Square. You're saying "No". Bush: I think this is beyond him. This is beyond what any one person can change at this point. I do think a lot of the changes that he has put into place have been positive, but revenue, you can't overlook that. Kretzmann: Yeah, Aaron mentioned the competition from Google and Facebook. As far as digital sales go, those are definitely the big giants in the room. But then, as Twitter is doubling down on its live video strategy, they're starting to compete more with Snap, which has a very engaged user base. The growth there has slowed a little bit, it'll be interesting to see what Snap's metrics look like, and how those compare to Twitter, as far as ad engagement and user growth. But, yeah, it's not a good combination when you have users going up, but ad revenue going down. And Twitter said they expect that disconnect to continue for the rest of the year. This probably won't be the last quarter that revenue goes down. In the meantime, their pace of stock-based compensation has receded a little bit, but their diluted share count increased over 1% just from the last quarter. So, in the process, as revenue has completely decelerated and now is declining, their share count has climbed up. So I went back and looked, if Twitter wanted to bring its share count back to the same level it was in 2014, a few months after it went public, they would have to spend $1.9 billion just to get back to that break even level with the share count. What that shows is, the bar that they have to cross at some point to reward shareholders is perpetually getting higher as they continue to dilute shareholders. So, that's not a good trend to have when your revenue is dropping. Hill: And share-based compensation, that's one of those things that, if you're the average investor, it's understandable if your eyes gloss over, and it's easy to dismiss it and focus on the more headline-oriented things like revenue and monthly active users. But when we talk about some of these tech companies potentially putting themselves up for sale, you need to recognize that share based compensation is a huge factor in that, the fact that they're going out and hiring people and convincing them to stay on board and not jump ship, a lot of that has to do with, "Look, we're going to give you more shares." Go back and look at LinkedIn being acquired by Microsoft. As much as anything, it was the share-based compensation within LinkedIn that made the leaders of that company go, "We have to figure something out quick." Kretzmann: Yeah, because that's one of the main currencies they have for paying their employees. And competition between employers in Silicon Valley is not going to disappear. I think that's a dangerous thing for Twitter shareholders and something to watch. At first glance, on the balance sheet, it does look pretty strong. We have net cash of $2.2 billion, as Aaron mentioned, you have free cash flow, which is going up, but stock based compensation is still a huge component for that positive cash flow production. So, the balance sheet, to me, is not as strong as it looks on the surface, because $1.9 billion just to break even with your share count two years ago, that takes up most of their net cash today. The investments that they've been making up to this point are not paying off. At some point, that trend has to reverse for shareholders to be rewarded. Bush: One other thing that David and I were talking about earlier today is how slow they move, and what that really means when you look long term. I think it's easy to look at these incremental changes and think about where things should go. But the pace that they move, these larger tech companies like Facebook and Google, they could do it at the snap of a finger, what these guys take six months to do. Hill: I was going to ask you about that. It's, in some ways, an unfair question because unless you're spying on headquarters at Twitter, there's no way for you to have the information to answer this question, but I'm going to ask it anyway. Why do you think that is? I've seen you write about this, I've seen other people touch on it. The popular image that we have of Silicon Valley is, among other things, it's a fast culture, it's a nimble culture. The way things move at Twitter, they might as well be the U.S. Department of whatever. When you think of bureaucracy, you think of Washington D.C. When you think of fast and nimble and cutting-edge, you think of Silicon Valley. Twitter's lack of speed is really astonishing. Bush: I do think I know one big reason behind it. I think a lot of it stems from the very early days of the company. They never had to struggle to reach product/market fit. So, never in their journey to figure out how to improve what they're doing, they never had an issue. They just threw something out there and it worked. So then, they just kept on capitalizing on what worked, but never really changed the product itself. Now that they're up competing against these companies that have been changing their platform at pretty innovative speeds for years now, they're finding that gap so much larger that it's just, in comparison, it takes so much more time to get out of. Kretzmann: Yeah, it seems like Twitter just doesn't have near the focus on the actual product. What is their platform, fundamentally, compared to Snap or Facebook, where you have leaders that are so product-driven, and it drives everything they do. From there, you find the business model that fits. But with Twitter, it seems like they're very scattered trying to figure out the direction of the company and what their actual product is. Hill: All right, let's move on to Chipotle. First quarter profits came in higher than expected. Same store sales were up 18%. I realize that is off of, go back a year in time, off a terrible quarter a year ago. Still, it's nice to see that it's up 18%. Stock up a little bit, not amazing, although it has risen about 30% in the last six months. So, I don't know, maybe we shouldn't expect too much of a pop off of this. Kretzmann: Yeah, I think the key for investors is, the metrics are moving in the right direction. I think you can safely say the turnaround has begun. As long as they can keep moving at this pace, I think good things are ahead for shareholders. But, it will still take time. It'll probably be at least a year and a half, I think, before we get back to those pre-crisis levels, as far as metrics go. But, yeah, same-store sales up about 18%, their restaurant level operating margins are trending up. This quarter was almost at 18%, but that's still quite a bit lower than the 28% restaurant level operating margin we saw right before the crisis hit in 2015. All those metrics like restaurant sales, sales as a whole across the company, margins, they're moving in the right direction, it's a definitive turnaround from where the company has been going for the past year and a half but still some work to do to get back to those pre-crisis levels. Bush: Yeah, when I was reading through the call, and what they've been doing to move back to the levels that they were, I think I was pretty impressed with what they were doing. If you look, for example, at the online sales, that increased 54% over the past year. I know that's something in the past we've talked about. Chipotle is not very good at that compared to others. So, it seems like they're moving in the right direction. Still have room to improve. They're revamping their restaurant tour program, which also was a pain point. Hill: Is this the management program? Bush: Yes, this was their management program. Chipotle has always promoted internally. But, if you grow too fast and promote too quickly, that can lead to problems, especially if you incentivize poorly. So, they've been doing a lot of work around figuring out what metrics are best to incentivize their managers and field team leaders. It looks like that is improving. Just, how they're interacting with consumers and turnover of their leaders. That's good. They also just closed, this quarter, 15 ShopHouse locations. So, they're moving past that -- Kretzmann: Still sad about that, though. Bush: Yeah, it's unfortunate for those of us, in the past, who were optimistic at some point. But it's good that they are diverting those resources, now, to higher-impact endeavors. Hill: I'm a Chipotle shareholder. I'm glad they decided to pull the plug on ShopHouse, because I got tired of wondering when they were going to roll it out. The first couple of years, what you heard was a lot of, "They're taking their time, they're not going to rush it." But at some point, you move so slowly that it's natural to ask the question, "What is wrong with this concept?" Either it's ready to be rolled out or it's not. The fact that they said, "We're packing it in on that, we're going to focus on the main brand locations and go from there," I'm glad. Kretzmann: Yeah, and on top of everything else Chipotle was dealing with for the past year, I think trying to work out issues at ShopHouse, it was just becoming a distraction. To me, that really was the theme of this quarter, it was very clear that Chipotle is refocusing. And I think part of that is boosted by Steve Ells taking over the sole leadership role as CEO. Monty Moran, who was co-CEO for a while, retired late last year. So I think you're seeing that focus from Steve Ells. And in the call, he mentioned revamping that restaurant tour program, as Aaron mentioned. But the focus of that is a "relentless focus on customer experience." So, sort of a Jeff Bezos-esque comment there, really trying to figure out what the priority is there for their management program. And they mentioned that they now have the lowest turnover with general managers in more than eight years. Hill: That's great. Kretzmann: Yeah. A lot of things moving in the right direction. I think you're seeing, internally, a refocus on prioritizing the guest experience. As they get traffic into the stores, their throughput should really be able to increase with digital orders, because they're starting to launch kitchens in the back of the restaurants specifically for digital. That should theoretically take people out of that front line, more people can go through that front line. The restaurant, in other words, will be able to pump out more burritos, more orders. If they can get that traffic back to pre-crisis levels and hopefully beyond that, these stores could be much more profitable than they were a few years ago, and they were incredibly profitable then. Hill: Yeah. And that is, in some ways, the promise of this investment, if you're a shareholder or a potential shareholder. Because the headlines have been so bad, and rightly so, for the last couple years. But you go back to 2013 and 2014, and they were putting up these type of same-store sales numbers, not off of a low base, off of a pretty high base. So, when they would come in with double-digit comp increases, that's just breathtaking. So, the idea that they're looking at what Panera has been doing and saying, "How can we do that? How can we up the people walking in and picking up their food and walking out? If we can get our throughput even higher, that's great." Bush: I think the biggest news out of all of this is they're going to start testing two new desserts. Hill: [laughs] Is that the big news? What are the desserts they're testing? Bush: They only announced one of them. It's called buñuelos. It's these fried tortilla strips with honey, cinnamon, and sugar. So, super healthy.  Kretzmann: Fits right with their healthy ingredients theme. Hill: I hear that honey is supposed to be healthy, I've heard that from time to time. Kretzmann: Cinnamon, I think. Hill: Cinnamon is a spice. Kretzmann: Sugar ... Bush: Just ignore that it's fried. Hill: You know, it's dessert, it's not supposed to be healthy if it's dessert.  iRobot shares hitting an all-time high today after first quarter profit more than doubled expectations. Aaron, this is not a beat by a penny type situation, they crushed it. They also raised their guidance for the whole fiscal year. Holy cow. Bush: Roombas are taking over the world. That's all you can really say. Yeah, they crushed expectations. I think what we're seeing right now is they're witnessing an inflection in demand of their Roombas, which is very impressive. Believe it or not, the Roomba last year was the most sold vacuum cleaner in the U.S., in terms of dollars spent. Yeah, wow. To me, that almost feels like the rise of the Roomba occurred somewhat stealthily. Looking at the product compared to past iterations, you really do see the improvements that have been coming through. They work better, they have more connected features, which will play a role more so as the connected homes inevitably start popping up more and more. The Roomba itself, obviously, is killing it. But, beyond the Roomba, there are other products and moves the company has made that also excites investors. The Braava, for one, that's iRobot's hardwood cleaner, right now, that's still a tiny fragment of revenue, but it's selling well. It also has these wipe consumables that consumers need to buy, so it adds a form of recurring revenue for the company, too, which is always good to see. iRobot just bought back its Asian distributors, which gives it more control in how it sells in that continent. That's actually a pretty huge deal. I think later this year, we should expect Japan's growth to accelerate. We'll see them significantly ramp up business in China. That should be a huge deal. The Braava in particular could sell particularly well because hardwood floors are more of a norm over there. So, really giving that second product they have a huge boost. Then, lastly, the innovation machine that they have just keeps on running. They're just as much as software company at this point as a vacuum cleaning robot company. So, new robots that perform new tasks, like lawn mowing, whatever else they have in store, should be expected. As time rolls on, these robots are going to do their jobs better and better. I think investors should expect more beats going forward. This is impressive. Hill: I was on their website and saw they also have a robot pool cleaner. I don't have a pool, but I thought, I would 100% buy one. There are some people who actually enjoy mowing their lawn. I'm not one of them, but there are some people who are like, "It's relaxing, I'm outside in nature," that kind of thing. I can't imagine anyone owning a pool and saying, "Oh, I'm looking forward to a day of Zen and relaxation of cleaning my pool." No. Buy that thing, set it loose on the bottom of your pool, and you're done. Kretzmann: I think our digital age has made people lazy enough that iRobot is hitting the inflection point, finally, where people just want to automate everything they can. Hill: Is 100% of their business just consumer? Do they have any sort of business-to-business relationship where they're going to a hotel chain or something like that and selling them en masse? Kretzmann: I think now that they're entirely a consumer goods, consumer-facing company. Last year they divested a defense or security division. I think they're primarily selling to the U.S. military at that point. I think that makes sense, because the consumer market is sizable. In the U.S. alone, robot vacuum cleaners are about 20% of the total vacuum market. Just that robot vacuum cleaner portion, which is growing, is about $6 billion or so. So, there's a sizable market there. And iRobot really is the dominant brand in the U.S., Europe, and Asia. So, I think doubling down and really focusing on that consumer market makes sense for them. Since they divested that security division last year, the stock has done really well. I don't follow this closely enough I know if those two are completely related, or one caused the other. But to me, it makes sense for them to focus on that consumer market, because I think that's where the majority of the growth is. Hill: Aaron, the stock is up about 15% today. We love it when a stock hits an all time high. But I have to ask, how expensive is this stock? When you look at it, do you think, "OK, this is great for shareholders, but right now, today, this is kind of a pricey stock?" Bush: It is a pretty pricey stock. I think it's definitely earned it. Just seeing, today, the stock go up 15%, I think if this company continues to execute the way it has, and if this inflection point is real, then I don't think it is as pricey as it may seem to a lot of investors. Kretzmann: Yeah, it's still just a $2 billion company. I could see that bumping up, especially if they could maintain that brand leadership position, which they seem to have carved out pretty nicely. Hill: Before we get out of here, I should mention that Rule Breakers, the service started by David Gardner that both David and Aaron work on, the new issue of Rule Breakers comes out today with two new stock recommendations from David Gardner and the team. You can check it out by going to podcasts.fool.com. Just scroll down to the bottom of the page, and you can kick the tires on Motley Fool Rule Breakers. Check out the new issue. Thanks for being here, guys. As, always, people on the program may have interests in the stocks they talk about, and The Motley Fool may have formal recommendations for or against, so don't buy or sell stocks based solely on what you hear. That's going to do it for this edition of Market Foolery. The show is mixed by Dan Boyd. I'm Chris Hill. Thanks for listening, we'll see you tomorrow! Teresa Kersten is an employee of LinkedIn and is a member of The Motley Fool’s board of directors. LinkedIn is owned by Microsoft. Aaron Bush owns shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Facebook, and Twitter. Chris Hill owns shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill. David Kretzmann owns shares of Chipotle Mexican Grill, Facebook, and Twitter. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Chipotle Mexican Grill, Facebook, iRobot, and Twitter. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Chris Hill (TMFWizard) Full-time host of the Motley Fool Money radio show, MarketFoolery podcast, and other things. Part-time connoisseur of movies, basketball & fine bourbon. Article Info Apr 27, 2017 at 9:00PM Consumer Goods Stocks Chipotle Mexican Grill NYSE:CMG $482.00 down $0.99 (-0.20%) iRobot NASDAQ:IRBT $79.89 down $0.13 (-0.16%) Twitter NYSE:TWTR $16.61 up $0.79 (4.99%) Read More Under Armour: Bulls Need a Reality Check Wal-Mart Tries Its Hand at Stunt Food With the Crotilla Why Isle of Capri Casinos' Shares Plunged 15% Today 3 Stocks That Could Have Doubled Your Money Boston Beer Is Still Feeling the Heat of Competition Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Good News for Twitter, Chipotle, and iRobot Investors @themotleyfool #stocks $CMG, $IRBT, $TWTR
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP 4443001 Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2603 comments Featured Guns Gun Test: SIG Sauer P225-A1 5:58 PM 04/27/2017 Gun Test: Smith & Wesson M&P45 Shield 5:34 PM 04/21/2017 Pros And Cons Of Concealed Carry Revolvers 3:19 PM 04/20/2017 Gun Test: Walther Creed 9mm Pistol 3:46 PM 04/13/2017 Gun Test: Nighthawk Custom Hi Power 3:03 PM 04/11/2017 Gun Test: Sig Sauer SP2022 4:11 PM 04/07/2017 Using A Single-Action Revolver For Self-Defense 5:35 PM 03/31/2017 Gun Test: Smith & Wesson M&P45 Shield 4:49 PM 03/29/2017 Gun Test: Springfield Armory EMP 4 4:57 PM 03/28/2017 Gun Test: Heckler & Koch Volkspistole 3:07 PM 03/22/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Sections News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 78° © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File News Local News U.S. World News Unusual Politics Orlando Sentinel News News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 Videos Large alligator crosses busy Tavares road Search for 2 suspects in Orlando shooting Massive brush fire in Volusia County Photos Weather Babies: April 24 to April 28 Weather Babies: April 17 to April 21 Weather Babies: April 10 to April 14 © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Shoppers turned malfunctioning register into ATM, police say By: FOX 13 News staff Posted:Apr 27 2017 03:45PM EDT Updated:Apr 27 2017 11:35PM EDT Shoppers turned malfunctioning register into ATM, police say   [  ] Hide Caption [  ] Show Caption Photo via WHPD   [  ] Hide Caption [  ] Show Caption Photos via WHPD   [  ] Hide Caption [  ] Show Caption Photos via WHPD News Shoppers turned malfunctioning register into ATM, police say Police in Winter Haven are looking for a group of Walmart shoppers who apparently helped themselves to over $1,000 in extra cash when they discovered a self-checkout register error. Related Stories Bucs choose Alabama tight end O.J. Howard Principal sorry for setting up 'smash space' Doctor charged with FGM could face life in prison Man accused of exposing himself to females WINTER HAVEN (FOX 13) - Police in Winter Haven are looking for a group of Walmart shoppers who apparently helped themselves to over $1,000 in extra cash when they discovered a self-checkout register error. It was just after midnight back on Saturday morning when the eight shoppers walked into the Winter Haven store.  Surveillance footage provided by police shows a man scanning two items at the self-checkout cash register, paying cash, and walking off. He walks back, though, as another member of the group checks out.  That’s when, police say, they compare notes and realize that the register is dispensing $20 bills instead of $5 bills. “Finding this obvious windfall, honest people would immediately alert the sales associate to the error -- but not this group,” offered Winter Haven Police Department spokesman Jamie Brown.  “They all start lining up to pay for one small item each in order to receive change that should include $5 -- knowing they would instead receive a $20 bill.” Footage from the cameras shows the group taking turns grabbing items like candy and gum, then grabbing extra change from the erstwhile ATM for more than 20 minutes. In total, the group retrieved $1,100 in error.  Now, police are asking for help identifying the shoppers. According to police, footage from the parking lot shows that the group came in two separate vehicles -- a newer model black four-door car and a silver or gray four-door car.  Investigators ask anyone with information to call Heartland Crime Stoppers at 1-800-226-TIPS (8477). The store, meanwhile, eventually discovered the issue and determined that $20 bills had been erroneously loaded in the slot where the $5 bills should go.   false false false false false false false false false Popular false false false Recent Large alligator crosses busy Tavares road Search for Orlando shooting suspects State defends shifting death penalty cases Police investigate appliance thefts from new homes Netflix series prompts warnings from schools Stories You May Be Interested In – includes Advertiser Stories false false false All content © Copyright 2000-2015 Fox Television Stations, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Tips Sign in New York Post latest in business Amazon’s profit blows past forecasts, up 41% Famed activist investment firm gets taste of own medicine The hottest new toy fad is a spinning piece of plastic Apple reportedly in talks to launch a money-transfer service ‘Fifty Shades Darker’ helps boost Comcast profits Oaktree bags a fortune as it sells chicken company to Tyson Buffalo Wild Wings earnings dip as wing prices soar Dear Mr. President, your tax reform is bad business Google co-founder is building a blimp Wall Street financier busted for $800K fake loan scheme Study reveals we’re getting closer to a cashless society Good and bad news about Trump’s massive tax plan Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy The hottest new toy fad is a spinning piece of plastic By Lisa Fickenscher View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) April 27, 2017 | 9:29pm Modal Trigger Stores are having trouble meeting demand for so-called fidget toys, -- stress-relievers for young teens and college kids. More On: toys Target recalls over 500,000 egg toys ahead of Easter Sunday Your favorite '90s toy is making a comeback There's nothing royal about this cheapo 'Princess Charlotte' gear Toddler defends her choice of doll to confused Target cashier It’s the surprise hottest toy of the spring, and it isn’t a high-tech gadget. So-called fidget spinners, low-tech, low-price stress relieving toys, are a huge fad sweeping the country, and stores can’t keep them in stock, manufacturers and retailers told The Post on Thursday. The demand for these devices is coming from children, college students and adults who are looking to the toys to help them release nervous energy or stop fidgeting. College students specifically are gobbling them up ahead of finals, hoping they will help them focus. The toys, which come in plastic, brass, steel or copper, retail mostly for $5 to $7. “I see a lot of students using them in the library and in classes during finals,” said one Fairfield University student. With Walmart, Toys ’R’ Us and other chains having a hard time keeping the products in stock, some retailers are demanding manufacturers airfreight shipments to their warehouse rather than stick them on a ship from China. It costs five times as much to fly them in compared with standard sea shipping, but planes drastically cut transit time. At Midtown Manhattan-based Almar Sales Co., the sales team sold an astounding 20 million fidget toys to Walmart, Toys ’R’ Us, Party City and others in April, Executive Vice President Allen Ashkenazie told The Post. “At this rate, it would be our largest-selling toy in our 50-plus year history,” said Ashkenazie. Because Almar agreed to airfreight the spinners, the stores have them on their shelves now. “The retailers are willing to pay a premium to have the spinners airfreighted.” SEE ALSO Your favorite '90s toy is making a comeback 0:0 An iconic ’90s playground favorite is set for a comeback.... Some manufacturers are marketing the products as a study aid that can be helpful for people who suffer from ADHD. Hand spinners popped up last year but made a huge splash in March as social media posts went viral. “We saw an increase in sales for Rubik’s Cubes, yo-yos and other toys that keep little hands occupied — items that we’ve carried for decades,” Toys ’R’ Us spokeswoman Meghan Sowa said in an e-mail statement to The Post. “That’s when our expert buyers did some research and saw the buzz building for spinners and fidget cubes,” she said. “We took immediate action and started airfreighting product to shelves.” If retailers have not yet placed an order, they may be too late. Some manufacturers in China are selling directly to US consumers via Amazon, which was the first retailer to sell hand spinners here, according to Josh Loerzel, an executive with Postland, Ore.-based Zing, a second fidget-spinner maker. While the US each year seems to stumble upon a crazy toy fad — milk caps, Beanie Babies and Pokémon, to name three — fidget spinners may be among the most lucrative for toy makers. But Ashkenazie, at Almar, knows it won’t last forever. “I can literally walk into the office on a Monday morning in a few weeks from now and it can be yesterday’s news,” he said. “As if it never existed.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under kids ,  shopping ,  toys ,  trends Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Apple reportedly in talks to launch a money-transfer servi... Read Next Apple reportedly in talks to launch a money-transfer servi... Share Selection Trending Now on NYPost.com 36,280 'Stealthing' is the newest dangerous sex trend 30,380 Trump warns 'major conflict with North Korea' may be on horizon 16,857 Obama scores another $400K speaking fee amid criticism Now On Famed photographer comes to defense of ‘hot felon’ Jeremy Meeks Hillary Clinton’s model nephew is making rounds in fashion Alan Cumming would love to bring Jesus to his gay bar SEE ALL Video Girl survives being run over by 2 cars with only a few bruises More Stories page six The real reason Jesse Williams is splitting from his wife Now On Decider 10 Movies Where The Actors Had Real Sex On Camera nypost 'Stealthing' is the newest dangerous sex trend New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Latest News Dow 20,981 +6.24 +0.03% Nasdaq 6,049 +23.71 +0.39% S&P 500 2,389 +1.32 +0.06% 2:52 A.M. ET Updated How U.K. GDP data could yank the pound back down to $1.26 2:51 A.M. ET Updated Trump says a ‘major, major conflict’ with North Korea is possible 2:47 A.M. ET Updated Trump on being President: ‘I thought it would be easier’ 2:38 A.M. ET Opinion A world turned inside out: Emerging economies have emerged on top 2:37 A.M. ET Amazon cut to sector weight from overweight at Pacific Crest 2:36 A.M. ET Bank of Ireland trading in line despite Brexit 2:35 A.M. ET Sony expects operating profit to rise to $4.5 bln 2:35 A.M. ET Old Mutual Unit assets grow 6% 2:34 A.M. ET U.K. government cuts Lloyds stake to below 1% 2:34 A.M. ET RBS swings to better than expected profit 2:33 A.M. ET France's GDP growth slows ahead of election 2:32 A.M. ET Linde profit, revenue beats expectations 2:32 A.M. ET Barclays profit halves on African write-down 2:30 A.M. ET Baidu CFO to head investment firm Baidu Capital 2:23 A.M. ET Sanofi profit jumps on sale of animal-health unit 2:23 A.M. ET Japan's core inflation up 0.2%, missing views 2:22 A.M. ET Japan's industrial output falls more than expected 2:22 A.M. ET Taiwan's economic growth slows less than expected 2:22 A.M. ET U.K. consumer sentiment drops slightly in April 2:20 A.M. ET Nokia links its comeback to new devices Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Internet/Online Services MarketWatch First Take Get email alerts Amazon is worth so much because AWS is tech’s true unicorn By Jeremy C. Owens Published: Apr 27, 2017 9:11 p.m. ET Share Cloud-computing division provides profit, strong revenue growth rates and a dominant market position Dourleak/Shutterstock Amazon.com Inc.’s cloud-computing division is the brightest star of its earnings report yet again. By JeremyC. Owens Technology Editor Amazon.com Inc. is thought of by most consumers as the Wal-Mart of the web, a dominant retailer with convenience and pricing advantages that will be hard to beat. But that business is not the sole reason Amazon AMZN, +1.00%  was headed for fresh record highs and a market capitalization of more than $450 billion after Thursday’s earnings report. In fact, the e-commerce business may not even be the main reason why Amazon is worth so much right now, just as it definitely is not the main reason for Amazon’s recent journey into solid profitability. Amazon Web Services, which sells remote computing power to businesses, was again the star of Amazon’s earnings report, despite being a major concern for investors heading into the report thanks to a decelerating growth rate and rumors that a price war with cloud rivals would shrink profits. However, on the same day that two of those rivals also released earnings, Amazon showed why AWS is the most valuable startup in tech. The company reported quarterly AWS revenue of $3.66 billion, slightly topping estimates and reflecting 42.6% growth, and operating income of $890 million. That net profit margin of more than 24% was actually higher than the year-ago quarter, wiping away more fears. Amazon’s total operating income for the quarter was $1.01 billion. While it doesn’t take a math wizard to see that Amazon would not be anywhere near as profitable without AWS, here is the figure: AWS accounted for about 89% of Amazon’s total operating income for the quarter, with the rest attributable to e-commerce. Cloud computing is a young business, and AWS appears to easily be the leader in the category. Synergy Research reports that Amazon has about 40% of the market, while Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +0.65%  , Alphabet Inc.’s Google GOOGL, +0.26% GOOG, +0.29%  and International Business Machines Corp. IBM, +0.16%  combine to hold just 23%. While Microsoft and Alphabet both reported earnings Thursday along with Amazon, neither break out their cloud-computing performance independently, as Microsoft bundles its Azure offering with server sales and other enterprise services, and Google groups Google Cloud Platform’s performance with a host of other non-advertising revenue sources. Talk to anyone who invests in young companies, and they will tell you that this type of performance is incredible. To hold a dominant position in a growing industry with strong profitability and high revenue growth rates is nearly impossible — young companies tend to toss away at least one of those, almost always profitability. Take, for instance, Uber Technologies Inc., the most highly valued of Silicon Valley’s unicorn crop. Recent financials obtained by Bloomberg News showed that Uber roughly doubled its revenue in 2016 while holding a dominant position in the young ride-hailing-app sector. But the company, which is valued at nearly $70 billion on the private market, lost at least $2.8 billion, and likely much more. So, while Uber was reportedly losing billions on $6.5 billion in revenue in 2016, AWS reported operating income of $3.7 billion on revenue of $12.2 billion. That should tell you that, if Uber is worth anywhere near the $70 billion price tag investors have placed on it, then AWS would be worth substantially more as a stand-alone startup. When Amazon stock hits new records Friday, internet commenters and television pundits will rant about the high price-to-earnings ratio and unsustainable valuation. But when you add a company that could be considered the most valuable technology startup in a world full of valuable tech startups, to a web retailer with the scale and reach of Amazon, it shouldn’t be that hard to figure out why this company is worth so much. More from MarketWatch Star Cars of the Shanghai Auto Show 2017 North Korea's Missile Advancements Dow rally from election to Trump’s first 100 days on pace for postwar record Quote References AMZN +9.09 +1.00% MSFT +0.44 +0.65% GOOGL +2.30 +0.26% GOOG +2.52 +0.29% IBM +0.26 +0.16% Show all references Most Popular Trump threatens South Korean free-trade deal, says war with North possible Amazon is worth so much because AWS is tech’s true unicorn These are the only 9 stocks Morningstar is fully bullish on Americans may soon have to kiss these lucrative personal tax deductions goodbye Aging Drivers Propel Self-Driving Technology in Japan Jeremy C. Owens Jeremy Owens is MarketWatch’s technology editor and San Francisco bureau chief. You can follow him on Twitter @jowens510. MarketWatch Partner Center Jeremy C. Owens Jeremy Owens is MarketWatch’s technology editor and San Francisco bureau chief. You can follow him on Twitter @jowens510. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $918.38 +9.09 (+1.00%) Volume 4.2M Open $914.39 High $921.86 Low $912.11 P/E Ratio 187.26 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 434.6B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $68.27 +0.44 (+0.65%) Volume 31.5M Open $68.15 High $68.38 Low $67.58 P/E Ratio 32.2 Div Yield 2.29 Market Cap 524.2B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $891.44 +2.30 (+0.26%) Volume 1.8M Open $890.00 High $893.38 Low $887.18 P/E Ratio 31.97 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 605.9B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $874.25 +2.52 (+0.29%) Volume 1.7M Open $873.60 High $875.40 Low $870.38 P/E Ratio 31.36 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 605.9B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $160.32 +0.26 (+0.16%) Volume 3.6M Open $160.29 High $160.48 Low $159.63 P/E Ratio 13.19 Div Yield 3.74 Market Cap 151.0B
Latest News Dow 20,981 +6.24 +0.03% Nasdaq 6,049 +23.71 +0.39% S&P 500 2,389 +1.32 +0.06% 2:52 A.M. ET Updated How U.K. GDP data could yank the pound back down to $1.26 2:51 A.M. ET Updated Trump says a ‘major, major conflict’ with North Korea is possible 2:47 A.M. ET Updated Trump on being President: ‘I thought it would be easier’ 2:38 A.M. ET Opinion A world turned inside out: Emerging economies have emerged on top 2:37 A.M. ET Amazon cut to sector weight from overweight at Pacific Crest 2:36 A.M. ET Bank of Ireland trading in line despite Brexit 2:35 A.M. ET Sony expects operating profit to rise to $4.5 bln 2:35 A.M. ET Old Mutual Unit assets grow 6% 2:34 A.M. ET U.K. government cuts Lloyds stake to below 1% 2:34 A.M. ET RBS swings to better than expected profit 2:33 A.M. ET France's GDP growth slows ahead of election 2:32 A.M. ET Linde profit, revenue beats expectations 2:32 A.M. ET Barclays profit halves on African write-down 2:30 A.M. ET Baidu CFO to head investment firm Baidu Capital 2:23 A.M. ET Sanofi profit jumps on sale of animal-health unit 2:23 A.M. ET Japan's core inflation up 0.2%, missing views 2:22 A.M. ET Japan's industrial output falls more than expected 2:22 A.M. ET Taiwan's economic growth slows less than expected 2:22 A.M. ET U.K. consumer sentiment drops slightly in April 2:20 A.M. ET Nokia links its comeback to new devices Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Internet/Online Services MarketWatch First Take Get email alerts Amazon is worth so much because AWS is tech’s true unicorn By Jeremy C. Owens Published: Apr 27, 2017 9:11 p.m. ET Share Cloud-computing division provides profit, strong revenue growth rates and a dominant market position Dourleak/Shutterstock Amazon.com Inc.’s cloud-computing division is the brightest star of its earnings report yet again. By JeremyC. Owens Technology Editor Amazon.com Inc. is thought of by most consumers as the Wal-Mart of the web, a dominant retailer with convenience and pricing advantages that will be hard to beat. But that business is not the sole reason Amazon AMZN, +1.00%  was headed for fresh record highs and a market capitalization of more than $450 billion after Thursday’s earnings report. In fact, the e-commerce business may not even be the main reason why Amazon is worth so much right now, just as it definitely is not the main reason for Amazon’s recent journey into solid profitability. Amazon Web Services, which sells remote computing power to businesses, was again the star of Amazon’s earnings report, despite being a major concern for investors heading into the report thanks to a decelerating growth rate and rumors that a price war with cloud rivals would shrink profits. However, on the same day that two of those rivals also released earnings, Amazon showed why AWS is the most valuable startup in tech. The company reported quarterly AWS revenue of $3.66 billion, slightly topping estimates and reflecting 42.6% growth, and operating income of $890 million. That net profit margin of more than 24% was actually higher than the year-ago quarter, wiping away more fears. Amazon’s total operating income for the quarter was $1.01 billion. While it doesn’t take a math wizard to see that Amazon would not be anywhere near as profitable without AWS, here is the figure: AWS accounted for about 89% of Amazon’s total operating income for the quarter, with the rest attributable to e-commerce. Cloud computing is a young business, and AWS appears to easily be the leader in the category. Synergy Research reports that Amazon has about 40% of the market, while Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +0.65%  , Alphabet Inc.’s Google GOOGL, +0.26% GOOG, +0.29%  and International Business Machines Corp. IBM, +0.16%  combine to hold just 23%. While Microsoft and Alphabet both reported earnings Thursday along with Amazon, neither break out their cloud-computing performance independently, as Microsoft bundles its Azure offering with server sales and other enterprise services, and Google groups Google Cloud Platform’s performance with a host of other non-advertising revenue sources. Talk to anyone who invests in young companies, and they will tell you that this type of performance is incredible. To hold a dominant position in a growing industry with strong profitability and high revenue growth rates is nearly impossible — young companies tend to toss away at least one of those, almost always profitability. Take, for instance, Uber Technologies Inc., the most highly valued of Silicon Valley’s unicorn crop. Recent financials obtained by Bloomberg News showed that Uber roughly doubled its revenue in 2016 while holding a dominant position in the young ride-hailing-app sector. But the company, which is valued at nearly $70 billion on the private market, lost at least $2.8 billion, and likely much more. So, while Uber was reportedly losing billions on $6.5 billion in revenue in 2016, AWS reported operating income of $3.7 billion on revenue of $12.2 billion. That should tell you that, if Uber is worth anywhere near the $70 billion price tag investors have placed on it, then AWS would be worth substantially more as a stand-alone startup. When Amazon stock hits new records Friday, internet commenters and television pundits will rant about the high price-to-earnings ratio and unsustainable valuation. But when you add a company that could be considered the most valuable technology startup in a world full of valuable tech startups, to a web retailer with the scale and reach of Amazon, it shouldn’t be that hard to figure out why this company is worth so much. More from MarketWatch Trump Approval Rating Slides Tick and Lyme Disease Season Is Here: Worse Than Ever Google survives YouTube ad controversy, for now Quote References AMZN +9.09 +1.00% MSFT +0.44 +0.65% GOOGL +2.30 +0.26% GOOG +2.52 +0.29% IBM +0.26 +0.16% Show all references Most Popular Trump says a ‘major, major conflict’ with North Korea is possible Amazon is worth so much because AWS is tech’s true unicorn These are the only 9 stocks Morningstar is fully bullish on Americans may soon have to kiss these lucrative personal tax deductions goodbye Aging Drivers Propel Self-Driving Technology in Japan Jeremy C. Owens Jeremy Owens is MarketWatch’s technology editor and San Francisco bureau chief. You can follow him on Twitter @jowens510. MarketWatch Partner Center Jeremy C. Owens Jeremy Owens is MarketWatch’s technology editor and San Francisco bureau chief. You can follow him on Twitter @jowens510. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $918.38 +9.09 (+1.00%) Volume 4.2M Open $914.39 High $921.86 Low $912.11 P/E Ratio 187.26 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 434.6B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $68.27 +0.44 (+0.65%) Volume 31.5M Open $68.15 High $68.38 Low $67.58 P/E Ratio 32.2 Div Yield 2.29 Market Cap 524.2B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $891.44 +2.30 (+0.26%) Volume 1.8M Open $890.00 High $893.38 Low $887.18 P/E Ratio 31.97 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 605.9B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $874.25 +2.52 (+0.29%) Volume 1.7M Open $873.60 High $875.40 Low $870.38 P/E Ratio 31.36 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 605.9B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $160.32 +0.26 (+0.16%) Volume 3.6M Open $160.29 High $160.48 Low $159.63 P/E Ratio 13.19 Div Yield 3.74 Market Cap 151.0B
Latest News Dow 20,981 +6.24 +0.03% Nasdaq 6,049 +23.71 +0.39% S&P 500 2,389 +1.32 +0.06% 2:52 A.M. ET Updated How U.K. GDP data could yank the pound back down to $1.26 2:51 A.M. ET Updated Trump says a ‘major, major conflict’ with North Korea is possible 2:47 A.M. ET Updated Trump on being President: ‘I thought it would be easier’ 2:38 A.M. ET Opinion A world turned inside out: Emerging economies have emerged on top 2:37 A.M. ET Amazon cut to sector weight from overweight at Pacific Crest 2:36 A.M. ET Bank of Ireland trading in line despite Brexit 2:35 A.M. ET Sony expects operating profit to rise to $4.5 bln 2:35 A.M. ET Old Mutual Unit assets grow 6% 2:34 A.M. ET U.K. government cuts Lloyds stake to below 1% 2:34 A.M. ET RBS swings to better than expected profit 2:33 A.M. ET France's GDP growth slows ahead of election 2:32 A.M. ET Linde profit, revenue beats expectations 2:32 A.M. ET Barclays profit halves on African write-down 2:30 A.M. ET Baidu CFO to head investment firm Baidu Capital 2:23 A.M. ET Sanofi profit jumps on sale of animal-health unit 2:23 A.M. ET Japan's core inflation up 0.2%, missing views 2:22 A.M. ET Japan's industrial output falls more than expected 2:22 A.M. ET Taiwan's economic growth slows less than expected 2:22 A.M. ET U.K. consumer sentiment drops slightly in April 2:20 A.M. ET Nokia links its comeback to new devices Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Internet/Online Services MarketWatch First Take Get email alerts Amazon is worth so much because AWS is tech’s true unicorn By Jeremy C. Owens Published: Apr 27, 2017 9:11 p.m. ET Share Cloud-computing division provides profit, strong revenue growth rates and a dominant market position Dourleak/Shutterstock Amazon.com Inc.’s cloud-computing division is the brightest star of its earnings report yet again. By JeremyC. Owens Technology Editor Amazon.com Inc. is thought of by most consumers as the Wal-Mart of the web, a dominant retailer with convenience and pricing advantages that will be hard to beat. But that business is not the sole reason Amazon AMZN, +1.00%  was headed for fresh record highs and a market capitalization of more than $450 billion after Thursday’s earnings report. In fact, the e-commerce business may not even be the main reason why Amazon is worth so much right now, just as it definitely is not the main reason for Amazon’s recent journey into solid profitability. Amazon Web Services, which sells remote computing power to businesses, was again the star of Amazon’s earnings report, despite being a major concern for investors heading into the report thanks to a decelerating growth rate and rumors that a price war with cloud rivals would shrink profits. However, on the same day that two of those rivals also released earnings, Amazon showed why AWS is the most valuable startup in tech. The company reported quarterly AWS revenue of $3.66 billion, slightly topping estimates and reflecting 42.6% growth, and operating income of $890 million. That net profit margin of more than 24% was actually higher than the year-ago quarter, wiping away more fears. Amazon’s total operating income for the quarter was $1.01 billion. While it doesn’t take a math wizard to see that Amazon would not be anywhere near as profitable without AWS, here is the figure: AWS accounted for about 89% of Amazon’s total operating income for the quarter, with the rest attributable to e-commerce. Cloud computing is a young business, and AWS appears to easily be the leader in the category. Synergy Research reports that Amazon has about 40% of the market, while Microsoft Corp. MSFT, +0.65%  , Alphabet Inc.’s Google GOOGL, +0.26% GOOG, +0.29%  and International Business Machines Corp. IBM, +0.16%  combine to hold just 23%. While Microsoft and Alphabet both reported earnings Thursday along with Amazon, neither break out their cloud-computing performance independently, as Microsoft bundles its Azure offering with server sales and other enterprise services, and Google groups Google Cloud Platform’s performance with a host of other non-advertising revenue sources. Talk to anyone who invests in young companies, and they will tell you that this type of performance is incredible. To hold a dominant position in a growing industry with strong profitability and high revenue growth rates is nearly impossible — young companies tend to toss away at least one of those, almost always profitability. Take, for instance, Uber Technologies Inc., the most highly valued of Silicon Valley’s unicorn crop. Recent financials obtained by Bloomberg News showed that Uber roughly doubled its revenue in 2016 while holding a dominant position in the young ride-hailing-app sector. But the company, which is valued at nearly $70 billion on the private market, lost at least $2.8 billion, and likely much more. So, while Uber was reportedly losing billions on $6.5 billion in revenue in 2016, AWS reported operating income of $3.7 billion on revenue of $12.2 billion. That should tell you that, if Uber is worth anywhere near the $70 billion price tag investors have placed on it, then AWS would be worth substantially more as a stand-alone startup. When Amazon stock hits new records Friday, internet commenters and television pundits will rant about the high price-to-earnings ratio and unsustainable valuation. But when you add a company that could be considered the most valuable technology startup in a world full of valuable tech startups, to a web retailer with the scale and reach of Amazon, it shouldn’t be that hard to figure out why this company is worth so much. More from MarketWatch Trump Approval Rating Slides Tick and Lyme Disease Season Is Here: Worse Than Ever Google survives YouTube ad controversy, for now Quote References AMZN +9.09 +1.00% MSFT +0.44 +0.65% GOOGL +2.30 +0.26% GOOG +2.52 +0.29% IBM +0.26 +0.16% Show all references Most Popular Trump says a ‘major, major conflict’ with North Korea is possible Amazon is worth so much because AWS is tech’s true unicorn These are the only 9 stocks Morningstar is fully bullish on Americans may soon have to kiss these lucrative personal tax deductions goodbye Aging Drivers Propel Self-Driving Technology in Japan Jeremy C. Owens Jeremy Owens is MarketWatch’s technology editor and San Francisco bureau chief. You can follow him on Twitter @jowens510. MarketWatch Partner Center Jeremy C. Owens Jeremy Owens is MarketWatch’s technology editor and San Francisco bureau chief. You can follow him on Twitter @jowens510. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found Amazon.com Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AMZN $918.38 +9.09 (+1.00%) Volume 4.2M Open $914.39 High $921.86 Low $912.11 P/E Ratio 187.26 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 434.6B Microsoft Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: MSFT $68.27 +0.44 (+0.65%) Volume 31.5M Open $68.15 High $68.38 Low $67.58 P/E Ratio 32.2 Div Yield 2.29 Market Cap 524.2B Alphabet Inc. Cl A U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOGL $891.44 +2.30 (+0.26%) Volume 1.8M Open $890.00 High $893.38 Low $887.18 P/E Ratio 31.97 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 605.9B Alphabet Inc. Cl C U.S.: Nasdaq: GOOG $874.25 +2.52 (+0.29%) Volume 1.7M Open $873.60 High $875.40 Low $870.38 P/E Ratio 31.36 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 605.9B International Business Machines Corp. U.S.: NYSE: IBM $160.32 +0.26 (+0.16%) Volume 3.6M Open $160.29 High $160.48 Low $159.63 P/E Ratio 13.19 Div Yield 3.74 Market Cap 151.0B
Skip to main content Left Menu Latest Calendar Legals Social Wall Search Search for Search form Search Login | Logout Home Latest Social Wall Polls Weather Legal News Breaking Local State National Business Crime Emergency Responders Health Local Government Obituaries Politics Videos Weather Sports Addison Cold Springs Cullman Cullman Christian Fairview Good Hope Hanceville Holly Pond Meek St. Bernard Prep Vinemont Wallace State West Point Winston County College Local Sports Outdoors Professional Parks & Rec Culture Entertainment Historical Entertainment Art Music Pop Culture Family Festival Health Historical Lifestyle Religion Education Cullman Christian Cullman City Cullman County Sacred Heart St. Bernard Prep St. Paul's Wallace State Opinion Editorial Voice Alerts County Schools CCSO City Schools CPD Road Closings Weather Feature Story Child advocacy in leather and chrome: Bikers Against Child Abuse News Local Culture Lifestyle W.C. Mann 5 hours 24 minutes ago Local BACA members at a community outreach event at the Highway 157 Wal-Mart HOLLY POND - When children are the victims of abuse, even the arrest or removal of the abuser may not make everything right.  They often continue to live in fear of the abuser’s return.  In too many cases, that fear is well-founded; abusers often disregard restraining orders to intimidate their victims into silence and, in some cases, even attempt to continue the abuse.  That’s where the bikers from Holly Pond step in, literally. The east Cullman County town is home to Alabama’s only chapter of Bikers Against Child Abuse (BACA), a child advocacy organization that comes at the task from a decidedly different direction.  Its members are, obviously, bikers: patches and vests, noisy chrome-trimmed Harleys, the works.  When they walk into the room, they get everyone’s attention in a no-nonsense, purposefully intimidating way.  And they take pride in making abusers think twice about messing with kids. BACA, according to its mission statement, “exists with the intent to create a safer environment for abused children.  We exist as a body of bikers to empower children to not feel afraid of the world in which they live . . . We desire to send a clear message to all involved with the abused child that this child is part of our organization, and that we are prepared to lend our physical and emotional support to them by affiliation and our physical presence.  We stand at the ready to shield these children from further abuse.” The Hurricane Creek Chapter has been around for eight years, but has been on a recent push to introduce itself and get the word out about its work. They’ve been attending local community festivals and town council meetings around the county.  The Tribune caught up with the bikers at an outreach day at the Highway 157 Wal-Mart in Cullman and spoke with chapter President Keith “Blind Dog” Williams. “Our job is to empower children to not be afraid,” said Williams.  “We go to court with them, to all their court proceedings, if we’re invited in.  It’s just to empower them and show them that they’re just as strong as anybody, as long as they’ve got somebody to stand up with them.” Bikers invited into court?  Yes!  BACA is not a vigilante group. Williams explained, “I’ve had women call and say, ‘Will y’all take my husband out and . . .’  No, we don’t do that.  We do everything the legal way.  Everybody has to be NCIC (criminal background check) cleared through the FBI.  We have strict training for at least a year, and a minimum of 15 months riding before they become a patched member.” While the stereotypical biker image serves them well, BACA does not advocate the use of force. Williams said, “We don’t believe in violence, because the children have seen enough violence.  But we will be an obstacle between the perpetrator and that child.  We’ll do whatever it takes to keep them away from the child.” Despite their intimidating appearance, BACA members have a good relationship with law enforcement agencies and court officials.  The national organization’s founder, John Paul Lilly, is a licensed clinical social worker and registered play therapist.  He says his own experience with abused kids showed that victims who feel safe and protected are more likely to testify against their abusers and go through the legal process. BACA members meet with client children and take them through an “adoption” ceremony.  Once “in the family,” members can provide security at the children’s homes, visit them at school and accompany them to court.  While most members are not trained therapists or counselors, BACA maintains a therapy fund for kids who need that kind of help. BACA is active in 49 states and 13 countries, but Hurricane Creek is currently the only chapter in Alabama.  That keeps these folks busy. “At this time, we have nine active cases,” Williams shared.  “Right now, we’re the only chartered chapter in Alabama.  We have one that’s fixing to charter in Wedowee, and we have a chapter just across the border in Florida that helps us out in south Alabama.  Other than that, we practically cover the whole state.” The Hurricane Creek chapter currently has 14 active members with another 18 in training.  “I love children,” said Williams.  “I’ve always loved working with children.  We have members who’ve been through abuse when they were growing up.  There’s several different reasons people join.  Everybody volunteers their time to do this.  Nobody in this organization ever gets paid.  It’s all voluntary, just a bunch of big-hearted bikers.” BACA is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization.  For more information on the national organization, visit www.bacaworld.org.  Contact the Hurricane Creek chapter at 256-636-2453 or email [email protected] .   Copyright 2017 Humble Roots, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Keywords:  Featured News Local Culture Lifestyle Bikers Against Child Abuse BACA Child Abuse Feature Story View the discussion thread. Social Stream Trending Latest Updated: 1 hour 51 min ago Cullman Co. man struck and killed by tractor-trailer on I-65 Updated: 5 sec ago Have large, unwanted items? Cullman citywide spring cleanup May 1-5 Updated: 4 hours 54 min ago This week in Cullman history (April 25-May 2): Tornado outbreak of April 27, 2011 Updated: 2 days 8 hours ago Industrial instrument manufacturer Met-South announces relocation to Hanceville,... Updated: 1 day 23 hours ago Commission recognizes Broncos, Lady Aggies basketball teams; Stony Lonesome plans... Updated: 8 min 59 sec ago County’s spring cleanup kicks off May 1: customers get free trip to landfill Updated: 1 hour 51 min ago Cullman Co. man struck and killed by tractor-trailer on I-65 Updated: 4 hours 24 min ago High school sports: busy weekend ahead Updated: 4 hours 43 min ago Discard prescription meds this weekend at sheriff's office Updated: 5 hours 2 min ago Child advocacy in leather and chrome: Bikers Against Child Abuse   Follow Us © The Cullman Tribune 2017 ▲ Top
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: Trump's First 100 Days Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Walmex says net profit up 6.1 percent, warns of uncertainty Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Thu Apr 27, 2017 | 7:23pm EDT Walmex says net profit up 6.1 percent, warns of uncertainty MEXICO CITY Mexico's biggest retailer, Wal-Mart de Mexico (WALMEX.MX), posted a 6.1 percent year-on-year rise in first-quarter profit on Thursday, while warning it was unclear how recent factors threatening to dampen consumer confidence would play out. The net profit of 7.130 billion pesos ($381 million) came in somewhat under the 7.203 billion forecast by the market, according to Thomson Reuters I/B/E/S. The company, known as Walmex, said its revenue rose by 7.2 percent to 132.56 billion pesos, offsetting higher costs. In a bid to maintain its customer base and gain market share, Walmex said it had kept price increases at its stores below inflation. Sales rose despite political and economic uncertainty, including concerns over the future of the North American Free Trade Agreement and foreign investment, the company said. "These events have begun to have repercussions," the company said in its earnings report, noting it might face higher costs for supplies, production, operations and distribution that could have a material impact. Higher gasoline prices and the depreciation of the peso over the past year also weighed on the outlook for retailers, Walmex said. But the opening of 13 new stores, compared with six in the same quarter in 2016, and a 36 percent surge in its e-commerce sales helped bolster profits, the company said. "Despite the start of a challenging year ... we kept our growth momentum and more importantly, the preference of our clients," Walmex said. Higher electricity prices as well as protests and fires at some stores trimmed profits, and Walmex said it would work to boost usage of renewable energy to rein in operating costs. Walmex also operates in the Central American nations of Costa Rica, Guatemala, Honduras, El Salvador and Nicaragua. The company said it aims to double overall sales in a decade, and drive faster growth in profits by cutting costs. (Reporting by Noe Torres and Mitra Taj; Editing by Tom Brown) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Up Next RBS posts first quarterly profit since third quarter of 2015 LONDON Royal Bank of Scotland swung to a better than expected first quarter profit of 259 million pounds ($334.24 million), it reported on Friday, its first quarterly profit since September 2015. Barclays first quarter profit doubles, misses bond trading boom LONDON Barclays reported its first quarter profit more than doubled on Friday, but its investment bank missed out on a bond trading boom that saw earnings surge at its Wall Street rivals. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Community Briefs Education Health Politics Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Columnists Multimedia Opinion Special Sections Bakersfield Life Kern Business Journal Sponsored About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 60° Clear Bakersfield, CA (93301) Today Mostly clear. Tonight Mainly clear. Low 54F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 27, 2017 @ 10:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Community Briefs Education Health Politics Election 2016 Off the Press Opinion 2016 Presidential Election Results 2016 Local Election Results 2016 California Proposition Results Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Columnists Herb Benham Jose Gaspar Lois Henry Olivia Garcia Richard Beene Robert Price Steve Merlo Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit Community Voices Submit Special Sections 150th Anniversary Bakersfield Business Conference Just One Breath Kenny Graham Merle Haggard Seasons Year in Review: 2016 Bakersfield Life 20 under 40 People to Watch Kern Business Journal Sponsored Home News Breaking Breaking Close Bakersfield Police Department Suspect wanted for threatening Walmart employee.  Man accused of threatening Walmart employee, leading police on high-speed chase The Bakersfield Californian 8 hrs ago 0 Bakersfield Police Department Suspect wanted for threatening Walmart employee.  A man who was escorted out of the Rosedale Highway Walmart threatened an employee then led authorities on a high-speed chase, police said.  The chase was called off for the safety of the public, police said.  The incident began at 12:33 p.m April 11 when Walmart employees saw a man standing behind a cash register. They contacted him, and escorted him out of the business. Once outside, the man displayed what appeared to be a gun and threatened a store employee, police said. Officers arrived and tried to contact the man as he entered a vehicle. He fled and refused to pull over.  He was last seen in a vehicle described as a red newer model Chevrolet Cruze, with “3 Way Chevrolet” paper plates, police said.  The suspect is described as white, about 30 years old, 5 foot 10 to 6 feet tall, muscular build and brown hair. Anyone with information regarding this investigation is asked to call Detective Rick Dossey at 326-3501 or the Bakersfield Police Department at 327-7111. × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Videos 5:10 BVarsity Nightly for April 27 Updated 2 hrs ago 0 BVarsity Live first segment Updated 3 hrs ago 0 BVarsity Live 2nd segment Updated 3 hrs ago 0 Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Bakersfield Memorial Hospital fined $75,000 in connection with patient death Defibrillator saves life of 14-year-old boy at Chipman Junior High Sheriff's anti-sanctuary proposal nixed, won't be heard by supervisors PETE TITTL: A strong contender for best new restaurant Bakersfield freeway building: What's done, what's to come Sheriff proposes "non-sanctuary" status for Kern Search ends for Bakersfield woman lost in Tule River JOSE GASPAR: Adios, mamá Community Voices: Hazards of mainstreaming special needs students Elton John cancels Bakersfield show Images Videos Commented Sheriff proposes "non-sanctuary" status for Kern (19) Third KHSD officer readies civil suit claiming retaliation (16) JOSE GASPAR: Adios, mamá (10) Sheriff's anti-sanctuary proposal nixed, won't be heard by supervisors (8) Former KHSD chief pleads no contest to eavesdropping (8) Sheriff: Fox News report claiming county not honoring ICE detainers is false (7) DANNY MORRISON: Cesar Chavez's legacy is in good hands (7) Auto dealership owners enter guilty pleas for failing to file IRS forms (6) LOIS HENRY: 'Unpopular' science plays a vital role in getting at the truth (6) Rudy Salas latest local Dem slapped down for bucking party (5) Today's e-Edition Login Subscribe Sections News Obituaries Sports Opinion Entertainment Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Online Features Services Subscriber Services Submission Forms Place an Ad Marketplace Events Email Alerts Search Weather Contact Information Bakersfield.com 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA 93301 Phone: (661) 395-7500 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 Bakersfield.com, 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Business Topics Topics Home News Business Sports Entertainment Life Arts Opinion More Photos Videos Weather Obituaries Autos Real Estate Jobs Classifieds DMNStore View All Topics Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube Sign In Today's ePaper Subscribe Open My Account Get the latest D-FW news at your fingertips. Subscribe Now Leave Us Feedback on the new DallasNews.com! Search Dallas News Submit Search Business Real Estate Airlines Retail Health Care Technology Energy Top 100 Workplaces Connect With Us Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube All Topics Home News 2016 Presidential Election Accidental Death Addison Allen Animals Arlington Associated Press Baylor Bedford Carrollton Cedar Hill Child Protective Services Colleyville Collin County Community Column Coppell Corinth Courts Crime DART Dallas Dallas Ambush Dallas City Council Dallas City Hall Dallas County Dallas ISD Dallas Police Dallas Zoo Debunked Democratic National Convention Denton Denton County Desoto Domestic Violence Donald Trump Downtown Dallas Duncanville Early Childhood Education East Dallas Education Elections Ellis County Environment Euless Fair Park Farmers Branch Fire Flower Mound Fort Worth Frisco From the Archives Garland Grand Prairie Grapevine Guns Higher Education Highland Park Highland Village Homicide Hood County Hunt County Hurst Immigration Investigations Irving Johnson County Kaufman County LGBT Lake Highlands Lakewood Lancaster Lewisville Local Politics McKinney Mesquite Mexico Missing Person Newsletters North Dallas Oak Cliff Parker County Photos Plano Politics Prosper Republican National Convention Richardson Rockwall Rockwall County Rowlett STAAR Sachse Science and Medicine Social Justice Southern Dallas Southlake Special Needs Tarrant County Texas Texas Education Agency Texas Legislature Texas Politics The Colony Traffic Transportation TxDOT U.S. News University Park Uptown Dallas Van Zandt County Watchdog Weather West Dallas Wise County World Wylie Zika Virus Business AT&T Airlines American Airlines Autos Banking Billionaires CEO Pay DFW Airport Dallas Fed Demographics Dying Malls Economic Snapshot Economy Energy Entrepreneurs Exxon Mobil Food Industry Health Care Homes Hospitality Hotels Innovation Investment Quarterly JC Penney Jobs Leisure Love Field Money NTTA New Urbanism Oncor Personal Finance Philanthropy Real Estate Restaurants Retail Small Business Southwest Airlines Sports Business Stock Market Technology Texas Instruments The Dallas Morning News Top 100 Workplaces Tourism Toyota Life Aging Cooking DIY Digital Life Faith Family Farm To Table Fitness Gardening Healthy Living Home Kindness People Pets Recipes Relationships Style Texana Texas Travel Travel Trends Weddings Wine & Spirits Arts Architecture Books Classical Music Dallas Symphony Dance Design Galleries Museums Opera Performing Arts Theater Visual Arts Opinion Commentary DMN Contributors Network Dallas' North-South Gap Editorials Letters to the Editor Points Book Club Texan of the Year We Recommend Close Close A little fib to Neiman Marcus helped make Dallas entrepreneur the king of sheets Filed under Entrepreneurs at 8 hrs ago Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Written by Cheryl Hall, Business Columnist Connect with Cheryl Hall On Twitter Email Get Daily Dallas News Headlines Sign Up Don't miss a story. Like us on Facebook. Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Arun Agarwal owns and runs a half-billion-dollar company tucked away in the Dallas Design District called Nextt. You’ve probably never heard of him or his company, but chances are you’re in bed with him. The 45-year-old CEO of Nextt sells sheets and bedding accoutrements to just about every major U.S. retailer and specialty store — from Wal-Mart, Costco, Kohl’s and Nordstrom to Neiman Marcus — through private labels and well-known brands. Nextt’s bedding is made in Agarwal’s homeland of India by Alok International, a publicly held textile giant with a factory complex that spans 600 acres outside of Mumbai. Alok’s weaving shed is the world’s largest under one roof, taking up 14 acres with 14,000 jet-air looms churning out 1.6 million linear feet a day, while the adjacent embroidery facility makes 5 billion embroidery stitches daily. Nearly half of Alok’s total operation is dedicated to Nextt products that include sheets, pillow covers, quilts, comforters, throw pillows and more recently, towels. So when retailers ask Agarwal whether he has enough capacity to source their orders in a timely fashion, he assures them that he can. How a business divorce led to better eating in Dallas Agarwal is a highly energetic entrepreneur who has brought technology and innovation to an industry that isn’t known for either. “If I’m going to compete, I’m not going to win as the cheapest,” Agarwal says in his tiny office at the western end of Oak Lawn Avenue. “At first, it was about being cheapest. So I was always 10 cents away from being fired. There is a difference between cheap and value. I have to have both, and I do.” His trading partnership with Alok started with a handshake in 2008. It’s become a symbiotic relationship where worldwide sales and marketing are done through Nextt and manufacturing is done through Alok. Michelle Gloeckler, currently chief merchandising officer for Academy Sports, worked with Agarwal when she was senior vice president over the home division of Wal-Mart and traveled to India with him to see the Alok factories six years ago. “Nothing like getting to know somebody and their values as when you travel out of the country together,” says Gloeckler, who left Wal-Mart in August. “The things that I saw in the factories, whether it was worker conditions or quality assurance measures, gave me a lot of confidence in the products that Wal-Mart was buying.” An accidental American Coming to the United States wasn’t Agarwal’s idea. “I had no intention of leaving my job. I was happy,” he says. But his girlfriend — now wife, Anu —  wanted him to get his master’s degree in computer information from a U.S. university, so much so that she sent his application to Southern New Hampshire University for him, and he was accepted. Arun went to the American consulate in Calcutta during a lunch break to get his F-1 student visa but didn't bring along  the supporting documents needed. He figured he’d end Anu’s nagging with a half-hearted try. “I really wanted the visa officer to reject me so I could tell this girl, ‘Hey baby, they rejected me. What can I do? Sorry, too bad,’” he says with a laugh. Arun Agarwal and his wife, Anu, got their start selling tablecloths and napkins at a mall kiosk in North Richland Hills. (Jeffrey McWhorter/Special Contributor) To his shock, the officer chastised him for being unprepared but issued him a work visa anyway. “I was so dumbfounded,” says Agarwal, who became a naturalized citizen in 2002. “So fate. I really feel that the fate took over.” Fate came into play again after the couple moved to Dallas for his computer analyst job here. They started a side-gig selling tablecloths, placemats and napkins with Indian block designs at a kiosk in the North Richland Hills Mall before Christmas in 1998. A neighborly retailer at the mall suggested that North Richlthey sell their wares at an upcoming trade show at the Dallas Trade Mart. As newbies, the couple couldn’t get into the main show area, so they leased a four-day booth in Dallas Market Hall for $1,100. The first three days were a total bust. Enter Neiman Marcus On the final day, the tabletop buyer from Neiman Marcus showed up and was smitten. Arun asked what kind of store Nieman’s was. “That was the level of the knowledge that we had,” he says. The buyer wanted to know about their capacity and warehouse. The couple had neither. Arun fibbed, telling her the warehouse was in Fort Worth — which was really a P.O. box — but said that she couldn’t see it because of insurance restrictions. Amazingly, the buyer gave the line a major presentation in Neiman’s fall program. Neiman Marcus' troubles run deeper than Amazon or other retail trends “I still can’t believe that she did it, because she would have lost her job if we hadn’t come through,” he says. “And we almost didn’t. We had lots of ups and downs before we fulfilled the order in those few months.” That was the beginning of a lengthy relationship with Neiman Marcus and the launch of Agarwal’s home furnishings business that evolved into furniture and accessories. He switched bedding textiles in 2009 with his handshake deal with Alok, at first being a sales rep and then a separate company. Agarwal’s initial sales targets were industry giants WestPoint Homes and Fieldcrest, which wouldn’t give him the time of day. That turned into a blessing in disguise, he says. “It forced me to go directly to retailers, who were changing from name brands to private brands and were looking for the right manufacturing base.” One of his first cold-calls was at Wal-Mart in Bentonville, Ark. Five months later, he had a deal. But landing the world’s largest retailer wasn’t like finding nirvana. “If you were in Wal-Mart, no one else would touch you,” he says. Several retailers who are now big customers turned up their noses, saying they wanted higher quality than Wal-Mart. “That’s changing,” he says. “Yes, the product is very important, but the supply chain is even more important. You can spec a product up or down, but you can’t sell it if you don’t have it. And you have to offer transparency so that what you say you’re selling is actually just that.”  Dallas-based Nextt has its textile products manufactured by partner Alok International, in India. The huge weaving plant is the world's largest under one roof, covering 14 acres. Its 14,000 airjet weaving looms produce 1.6 million linear feet of fabric a day.  Quilts being made for Dallas-based Nextt by its manufacturing ptner, Alok International in India. Seamstresses at Alok International make textile goods for Dallas-based Nextt at a huge plant outside Mumbai, India.  Dallas-based Nextt has its textile products manufactured by a sister company Alok International in India. The huge embroidery operation is capable of making 5 billion stitches a day.  Last October, J.C. Penney became the latest in a string of major retailers that couldn’t verify whether the sheets it was selling that were distributed by a Nextt competitor were actually 100 percent Egyptian cotton or knockoffs. “That misstep [by Welspun India Ltd.] helped us solidify our relationships with our retail partners,” Agarwal says. “Our supply-chain transparency was once again proved to be in place with proper checks and balances.” True, says Bill Simon, former president and CEO of Wal-Mart U.S., who got to know Agarwal as an early supporter of Wal-Mart’s initiative in 2014 to increase U.S. manufacturing. Agarwal served on Simon’s council and tried to set up a yarn spinning operation in South Carolina but got waylaid by a bureaucratic bottleneck. “His company was one that we were able to count on to always deliver as promised,” says Simon. “If you put those things together — reliability, consistency and support of your customers’ initiatives — it is hard to go wrong. “That is the company that Arun runs.” Taking a cotton to polyester  In 2012, cotton prices quadrupled. It’s hard to deflect that kind of lightning bolt. Agarwal managed the storm as best he could, but he thought there had to be a better way to make a quality differentiation other than cotton thread count. Polyester blends had been around for years, but there wasn’t a consistent way to measure manmade thread counts — until he came up with one and patented the process and trademarked the fabric with Alpha Cotton in 2015. It’s geared toward the aspirational consumer who wants higher quality but at a more affordable price point. “The good news is that with polyester you can add features: wrinkle resistant,  anti-microbial, quick drying, low-pilling, softer,” he says. “This fabric has become substantial volume in market place.” Comparing sheet prices and thread counts is like comparing cell phone packages or residential electricity rates. Don't waste time on rich uncles and other wise words from Dallas entrepreneurs I recently bought a king set of 600-thread-count, 100 percent Egyptian cotton “Hotel Style” sheets at Wal-Mart for $70 — and they’re pretty nifty sheets. I couldn’t justify paying 25 percent more for the 1,000 count version, figuring I’m not the Princess and the Pea.  Sheets are a loss-leader on Black Friday, with retailers selling nearly $1 billion worth last year, Agarwal says. A substantial portion of that was sold at Wal-Mart in just three hours. “It’s become a significant day for us.” It’s also become a thread-count battleground. Last month, Nextt announced that the U.S. International Trade Commission’s Customs and Border Protection will help police false labeling practices from sheet importers, as well as enforce Nextt’s patents — particularly during Black Friday promotions. New Age undies? So what else is on Agarwal’s mind? Window treatments, a return to tabletop goods and undergarments to name a few. He has visions of becoming a billion-dollar company by 2020 through organic growth, sooner if he makes acquisitions.  Rick Platt, founder and president of Brand Matter LLC, helped add Ellen Tracy and Caribbean Joe to Nextt’s portfolio of brands. Platt says he looks at several criteria in choosing a licensing partner: a strong understanding of the business, distribution into the right stores, and enough money to invest and help build the brand. Agarwal met all of those, plus one more, Platt says. “You want to do business with people you like and people that you get along with, see eye-to-eye on. That’s a big thing in Arun’s favor.” Arun Agarwal Title: CEO Nextt Age: 45 Born and raised: India Naturalized U.S. Citizen: 2002 Resides: Preston Hollow Education: Bachelor of science, Maharajas College in Jaipur, India; MBA, the Institute of Management Technology at Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh, India; and master of science in computer information systems, Southern New Hampshire University. Advanced certificate in/ studied international business at Harvard University. Personal: Married to Anu for 19 years. They have a 15-year-old daughter, Anya. Next Creations Holdings LLC  d.b.a. Nextt Founded: 2008 Headquarters: Design District Distribution facility: Brookhollow District Design studio and showroom: Madison Avenue, N.Y. Ownership: Privately held with Arun Agarwal majority stockholder Annual revenue: $500 million Customers: Major U. S. retailers including Dillard’s, J.C. Penney, Belk, Wal-Mart and Kohl’s. Also sells name brands, such as Raymond Waites, Beautyrest, Ellen Tracy, Jessica McClintock and Royal Sateen. Products made by: Publicly traded Alok Industries, India’s largest integrated textile company with revenues exceeding $3.5 billion and facilities spanning more than 600 acres outside of Mumbai. View Comments Tags Entrepreneurs Business Share Facebook Twitter Email Print This Story Sponsored Stories Get the Most Important D-FW News in Your Inbox Sign up for our daily email newsletters Get Headlines, Business, SportsDay, and GuideLive. Change which newsletters to receive Daily Headlines Business Report SportsDay GuideLive (weekly) Sign Up Now Get the most important stories right in stream Don't miss out on the conversation. Stay connected with Dallas News on Facebook. Dallas News @dallasmorningnews Like Dallas News' Facebook Page Get Unlimited Digital Access Become a Digital Subscriber for unlimited access to all of Dallas News and SportsDay. Your first month is less than a dollar. $0.99 for first 4 weeks Subscribe Now Taking you back to Business More about Dallas News About Us Careers Advertise Contact Us Special Sections FAQ Privacy Policy Terms of Service Site Map Get More Dallas News Around the Web Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube ©2017, The Dallas Morning News Inc. All Rights Reserved. Powered by the Parse.ly Publisher Platform (P3).
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Buy E-N Merchandise Contact Us About Us Advertise With Us Subscriber Services Place a Classified Ad Privacy Policy Site Terms of Use Newsletters & Text Alerts Find a Business in S.A. News Archives SAPD: Flea market vendor found in possession of $20,000 in stolen Shotgun-blast victim stopped for chocolate milk before heading to Historically bad year for first-round picks in Big 12 Bears hold firm, top Rangers in opener Local S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo News by Neighborhood Texas Obituaries Traffic Weather Lake and River Levels S.A. History Guide to San Antonio San Antonio Charity Breaking News Video Classified Marketplace Hard childhood led Johnson to military career, real estate SAPD: Flea market vendor found in possession of $20,000 in stolen Shotgun-blast victim stopped for chocolate milk before heading to Man douses self with gas, threatens to set himself on fire after US & World Breaking News Anywhere Border & Mexico US World Health Care Politics Military Track Flights Strange News In Egypt, pope seeks Christian-Muslim rejection of violence S. Korea disputes Trump comments on missile system, trade 4th Arkansas inmate executed in 8 days lurches on gurney Jerusalem mayor: City's diverse residents 'all my children' Business Local Eagle Ford & Energy National & International Automotive News Top Workplaces in S.A. Technology Business Features Finance Features Business Careers Tech Features Press Releases IHeartMedia tries to buy time by extending debt-exchange Globalscape’s first-quarter profit up 92% Comerica Bank’s Texas index rose in February BP finds hidden trove of oil in Gulf of Mexico via new subsea Sports San Antonio Spurs Sports Nation S.A. Stock Show & Rodeo NBA NFL MLB Soccer Colleges College Football College Basketball High School Scores High Schools NBA releases schedule for Spurs-Rockets second-round series Spurs declaw Grizzlies, will face Rockets in second round Track and field: Thursday’s high school results Softball: Thursday’s high school results Food Restaurants Food Voted Best in S.A. Recipes & Cooking Bars & Drinks Snacks and Entertaining Guide to Food in S.A. Sponsored: Sip, Savor, Celebrate As organics become more mainstream, offerings in S.A. keep Pearl Farmers Market is moving come May Review: Ray’s Drive Inn veterans open Patsy’s Place New S.A. chef collaborative hosting Asian pop-up Entertainment What S.A. is Watching Things To Do Fiesta 2017 Rodeo 2017 Celebrity Buzz Comics Puzzles Horoscope Movies & TV Music & Stage Arts & Culture Guide to San Antonio Readers' Choice Photos at S.A. Parties S.A. mom on 'Jeopardy': It's harder than it looks! Jeanne Jakle: Welcome to the nightmare that is ‘American No, there is no nudity in Magik Theater’s ‘New Threads’ S.A. viewers to TV hosts: Shut up; let music play! Lifestyle Wedding Announcements Bridal Ideas Travel & Outdoors Destinations Health & Family Senior Living Home & Garden Holidays Trends & Style Beauty and Fashion Tips Better Living Tips Parenting Pets Green Living Memphis: 1 city, 2 days, 4 attractions Smiling Texas 7-year-old catches giant bass almost as big as him Hotel Valencia River Walk gets a $10 million, Old World facelift S.A. gaming store welcomes all — even romance Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters to the Editor Columnists Third & Ave. E Editorial Cartoons Josh Brodesky Robert Seltzer O. Ricardo Pimentel Bruce Davidson Maria Anglin Gloria Padilla Earth Day was about science and politics LaHood’s actions warrant scrutiny Your Turn: April 28 How can our political bubbles be popped? Cars Car Tips and Help News & Reviews Vehicle Search Car Features Latest Car Reviews Ram dresses up the 1500 Sport model for 2017 with special, Audi A3 sedan for 2017 has turbo power, with a choice of front- Toyota Prius Prime plug-in hybrid arrives for 2017, with prices Jobs Salary Wizard Top Workplaces Career Features Senate confirms Alex Acosta as Trump's secretary of labor The Latest: Senate confirms Acosta as Trump's man at labor US unemployment claims tick up but remain at low level Homes Home Search Apartment Search Land Rentals Open Houses New Homes Search Hill Country Living New Construction Real Estate Tips Home Yard Tips Home DIY Home Decorating San Antonio homes for rent Single-family homes just listed for sale in San Antonio City Wide Open House Luxury Home Gallery ExpressNews.com MenuSections http://www.mysanantonio.com/food/article/As-organics-become-more-mainstream-offerings-in-11104693.php As organics become more mainstream, offerings in S.A. keep blooming By Richard A. Marini Published 5:31 pm, Thursday, April 27, 2017 Photo: Tom Reel /San Antonio Express-News Image 1of/8 Caption Close Image 1 of 8 Cashier Arnoldo Crispin bags some items for Amanda Cavanaugh at the new Natural Grocers store at 6514 N. New Braunfels Ave. Cashier Arnoldo Crispin bags some items for Amanda Cavanaugh at the new Natural Grocers store at 6514 N. New Braunfels Ave. Photo: Tom Reel /San Antonio Express-News Image 2 of 8 Kelly Ranson heads home with purchases at the new Natural Grocers store at 6514 N. New Braunfels Ave. Kelly Ranson heads home with purchases at the new Natural Grocers store at 6514 N. New Braunfels Ave. Photo: Tom Reel /San Antonio Express-News Image 3 of 8 Jeannine Wild (left) and Josie Amodeo shop in the produce section at the new Natural Grocers store in Alamo Heights. Jeannine Wild (left) and Josie Amodeo shop in the produce section at the new Natural Grocers store in Alamo Heights. Photo: Tom Reel /San Antonio Express-News Image 4 of 8 The new Natural Grocers store — the company’s second in San Antonio — at 6514 N. New Braunfels Ave. The new Natural Grocers store — the company’s second in San Antonio — at 6514 N. New Braunfels Ave. Photo: Tom Reel /San Antonio Express-News Image 5 of 8 Grocery manager Julian Coronado talks with Jo Dornak and Daniel McFall at the new Natural Grocers store. Grocery manager Julian Coronado talks with Jo Dornak and Daniel McFall at the new Natural Grocers store. Photo: Tom Reel /San Antonio Express-News Image 6 of 8 Michelle McClinton shops the fully stocked shelves. Michelle McClinton shops the fully stocked shelves. Photo: Tom Reel /San Antonio Express-News Image 7 of 8 Leslie Palmer turns cruises by the refrigerated items. Leslie Palmer turns cruises by the refrigerated items. Photo: Tom Reel /San Antonio Express-News Image 8 of 8 As organics become more mainstream, offerings in S.A. keep blooming 1 / 8 Back to Gallery Mother and daughter Gina Hall and Ali Huser were scoping out the newly opened Natural Grocers store on North New Braunfels Avenue recently, checking out the organic produce, the humanely raised meats and the vitamins and supplements. Hall joked that the selection reminded her of “my hippie days,” while Huser explained she was there because she’d “been born almost a vegetarian.” Both said they were happy to have the store in the Alamo Heights neighborhood — the store’s second location here — and agreed they’d be back. That these two women of different generations agreed that the store offered the kind of clean and green foods they are trying to eat more of says a lot about how the San Antonio grocery scene continues to evolve and how organic food has moved into the mainstream. As people become more watchful about what they put in their bodies and how diet affects health, more supermarkets are expanding their healthy offerings. The situation in San Antonio reflects the rest of the country where sales of organic foods exceeded $35 billion in 2014 — 5 percent of total U.S. food sales — according to the Organic Trade Association. And 51 percent of Americans reported buying more organics in 2015 than in 2014. No surprise, then, that most of the nation’s largest retailers have publicly committed to offering more of these products to their customers. In 2013, Target launched a line of organic, GMO-Free food called Simply Balanced. The next year, Walmart introduced its Wild Oats label. Then last year Costco became the country’s top organic-food retailer with $4 billion in annual sales, compared to $3.6 billion for Austin-based Whole Foods Market, according to TheStreet.com. Costco highlights its organic offerings with green signage and often displays organics right next to conventionally raised produce for easy comparison. As organics become ever more mainstream and these large chains duke it out for market share, prices continue to go down and consumers are paying ever less for organics. Three pounds of organic bananas at the Schertz Costco store recently cost $1.99, versus $1.39 for the nonorganic. Two pounds of green beans were priced at $5.99 and $4.99, respectively. And 5.5 pounds of Gala apples went for $9.99 and $6.99. San Antonio chef Elizabeth Johnson said she often finds organics cost less at her local Costco than from her traditional food purveyors. “With things like organic quinoa, basmati rice, dates, cashew pieces, you’d be hard-pressed to find better prices than at Costco,” said Johnson, owner of Pharm Table, which specializes in organic, plant-based cuisine. A Costco representative declined to comment for this article. “The competition is good for consumers because supermarkets are no longer able to charge such a large premium on foods perceived as being clean, green and natural,” said Rupesh D. Parikh, a senior analyst with Oppenheimer & Co. “Overall, the market should continue to grow robustly, but we’ll see see that growth spread out more widely among a larger number of players.” While a 2015 Consumer Reports survey found that organic foods were an average of 47 percent more expensive than their conventional counterparts, the difference shrank 8 percent between 2011 and 2015, according to the Organic Trade Association. Walmart took one of the first shots across the organics bow when it introduced its Wild Oats brand in 2014, with prices that were, on average, 25 percent cheaper than national organics brands. Even Whole Foods, which charges a premium for its healthy offerings — earning it the derisive nickname “Whole Paycheck” — is having to change its approach as customers migrate to lower-priced competitors. Whole Foods previously announced it would be closing nine stores during the first quarter of this year. More recently it was rumored to be a takeover target of Boise, Idaho-based Albertsons, which once had 20 local stores, but left the San Antonio market in 2002. In an effort to attract more price-sensitive consumers, particularly millennials, Whole Foods is launching an offshoot brand called 365 by Whole Foods Market that will feature “a modern, streamlined design, innovative technology and a curated selection,” said co-CEO of the company Walter Robb in an interview on NPR’s Morning Edition. Prices there tend to be 15 percent to 20 percent lower than in the parent stores, according to Supermarket News. There are now four 365 by Whole Foods stores open and a dozen more on the way, but the company currently has no plans to open any in the San Antonio area, said spokeswoman Rachel Malish. The demand for organic foods is so great that at times it has strained supplies. To help guarantee they’ll have enough produce, for example, retailers such as Costco and Whole Foods have reportedly offered loans directly to growers to help make the three-year transition from traditional to organic farming easier. While San Antonio may have been slow to latch onto the trend, we’re catching up fast, according to observers. H-E-B, the city’s dominant grocery player, has been in the natural food space since the 1990s. “We’ve always provided our customers with fresh, healthy food,” H-E-B spokeswoman Julie Bedingfield said. “But now we’re calling it out more, being more aggressive in telling our story.” In addition to selling its own private-label organics, the company last year rolled out Select Ingredients, a line of almost 400 products made without synthetic ingredients, including Red 40 and Yellow 5 artificial colors, bleached flour, partially hydrogenated oils and preservatives such as BHT, BHA and EDTA. More recently, it began pilot testing Wellness Centers in H-E-B Plus! stores where customers can watch healthy cooking demonstrations — breakfast migas recently — get copies of the recipes and buy the ingredients all in one centralized location. There are currently Wellness Centers in H-E-B Plus! stores at Interstate 35 and FM 3009 and at Bandera Road and Loop 1604. “As one of the largest retail distributors of health and wellness products, we see this almost as the right thing to do,” said Bedingfield. “We saw this (move to health and wellness) coming two decades ago and we don’t see it going away.” But San Antonio has had organic stores for almost 40 years. Bexar County judge Nelson Wolff opened Sun Harvest, generally considered the city’s first health food supermarket, in 1979. “Nobody came into the San Antonio market for years after we opened,” he said of the chain he sold in 1999. “Then folks like Whole Foods and Trader Joes showed that people were willing to pay more for food that’s good for them.” The influx of new organic/natural stores to the area could be a sign of the city’s rising income, but chef Johnson says it also reflects new people moving here. “I’m seeing more San Antonians who are educated and have traveled and people who’ve moved here from elsewhere who are more interested in eating better,” said Johnson of Pharm Table, “That’s made it easier for these chains to justify coming here.” Whole Foods Market, the first grocer to be certified by the federal National Organic Program, entered the San Antonio market in 1993 near Wurzbach Road and Interstate 10 before moving to the Alamo Quarry Market in 1997. The second store, in the Vineyard Shopping Center on Blanco Road and Loop 1604, opened in 2012. The chain sees San Antonio as a market for healthy food that’s equal to any other in Texas. “You’ve got amazing farmers markets and a very impressive, expanding restaurant scene,” said Kelly Landrieu, a local forager for Whole Foods Market’s Southwest Region. (Her title means she’s responsible for finding new, locally made products for the store to carry.) The city’s growing food culture is one reason Natural Grocers opened its first store here on NW Military Highway in 2016, according to Clinthorne. “You folks have an undeserved reputation for not wanting to eat anything but chicken fried steak. And that’s simply not true,” he said. In addition to selling only organic produce, Natural Grocers recently enhanced its vendor standards. Egg-laying hens, for example, must have access to shaded, outdoor yards where they can take socialize, perch and take dust baths to keep themselves clean and parasite-free. Dairy farms are required require to graze milk cows on managed pastures for a minimum of 120 days. “We gave our vendors plenty of time to adapt to these new requirements,” Clinthorne said. “But even so we had to drop a number of them because they couldn’t or wouldn’t meet the deadline.” As demand for this kind of food continues to grow, these vendors may be forced to reconsider their reluctance. rmarini@express-news.net Twitter: @RichardMarini    Catch every San Antonio area moment! Click to like mySA on Facebook. The Latest SAPD: Flea market vendor had $20K in stolen goods Shooting victim stopped for chocolate milk before getting help Man threatens to set himself on fire in standoff with S.A. SWAT Ex-Texas teacher accused of having sex with two students at once 4 changes coming to Pearl Farmers Market S.A. viewers to TV parade hosts: Shut up Teen catches monster fish in the Gulf of Mexico S.A. mom loses it all to '80s toy on national TV S.A. man accused of raping relative after giving her whisky Nude controversy hits children's theater in S.A. 5 key stats from Spurs’ Game 5 win Photos: Taste of the Northside draws chic Fiesta crowd Tell all book exposes Fiesta's Cornyation Cornyation dazzles Fiesta with wild performance Photos show FBI raid public offices across South Texas 9 things to know about the FBI raids in Laredo Infamous South Texas corruption cases 23 things to do in S.A. this weekend Eclectic mix drops in patio bar with top burger Big shows headed for S.A. Search through trash leads to arrest of S.A. Bandidos leader Nearly 100 DWI arrests on Fiesta's first weekend Records: 52 people arrested in S.A. on DWI in March Recent Breaking News Graphic photos: One killed in bloody altercation on North Side Police: Motorcyclist dies during early morning commute on... Police: Woman’s alleged lover guns down her husband after... Food Tours Interactive Taste Tour of the Texas Hill Country Most Popular 1 Police arrest regional Bandidos president 2 Corrupt South Texas politician turns out to be worst FBI... 3 The jaw-dropping gowns of the 2017 Coronation Court 4 Photos: Taste of the Northside 2017 puts on upscale feast for... 5 S.A. man accused of raping teen family member after giving her... 6 Man killed in Chick-Fil-A lot was standing on hood, kicked in... 7 San Antonio servers dish on 9 annoying customer habits View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Corporate Home Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact FAQ Newsroom Contacts Purchase Photos Place a Classified Ad Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram Subscribe San Antonio Express-News ExpressNews.com iPad app eEdition Search Our News Archive Manage Your Subscription Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Newspapers, LLC
News Sports Entertainment Life Opinion Obituaries ePaper Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds log in Site Site Archive Brooklyn to celebrate Earth Day with cleanup Saturday Thursday Apr 27, 2017 at 5:22 PM Apr 27, 2017 at 5:22 PM Francesca Kefalas For The Bulletin BROOKLYN — The town is celebrating a belated Earth Day on Saturday. Thanks to grants from The Last Green Valley, Pepsi, Frito Lay and Wal-Mart, the town hopes to exceed last year’s collection of 1,020 pounds of garbage from the roads and parks. “I know we’re going to have more than last year,” First Selectman Rick Ives said. “Hopefully it will be a nice day because that does have an effect.” Melissa Bradley, executive assistant to Ives and the selectmen, is organizing the event for the second year. She will be at the Tiffany Street Community Center with supplies and snacks for garbage collection from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. The Recreation Department will collect the full garbage bags and bringing them to the transfer station for weighing. As part of the $500 grant from The Last Green Valley, the town keeps track of the weight and the types of items collected. The information helps The Last Green Valley in its work. Bradley said the town waited until a week after Earth Day to ensure the collection did not interfere with opening day of Little League season. By moving the date Bradley said she has gotten more interest from organizations such as the Cub and Boy Scouts. “We lost a lot of volunteers last year because of the Little League events,” she said. Bradley said she will pick up garbage in east Brooklyn on the streets around the community center. Residents are welcome to come in and collect garbage in any areas they see fit. Members of the Conservation Commission are going to clean up Riverside Park and plant trees. Recreation Director Bucky Lohbusch said getting help to clean up the parks is important. “We see a lot of little things like Gatorade bottle caps that need to be picked up,” Lohbusch said. “It’s a big help to have people come and help keep the parks clean.” In addition to the garbage pickup the town is allowing residents to bring in bulky waste to the transfer station for free. Last year the transfer station was overwhelmed by the demand, but Ives said it is prepared for a large collection this year. Ives said the goal with the first town-wide cleanup effort last year was to get people thinking about a cleaner Brooklyn. “I think we accomplished that short-term goal of cleaning up Brooklyn,” Ives said. “What we want now is for people to start thinking, not just on that day but every day about where they put things. I think we’re seeing that because we’re getting ideas about how to expand what we’re doing with this from other people and next year we’ll do even more, I think.” About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services Contact Us Advertise With Us Customer Service Place an ad Purchase a photo Archives Advertising/Classified Cars Homes Today's Ads Classifieds Obituaries Find Norwich jobs Community Info CtSunlight.org Connecticut tourism The Last Green Valley Sex Offender Registry Gas Buddy DOT traffic cameras Comcast Public Access Television Local Business Northeast Chamber of Commerce Greater Norwich Area Chamber of Commerce Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut Chamber of Commerce Inc. Windham Region Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. The Bulletin ~ 10 Railroad Place, Norwich, CT 06360 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Communities Police & Fire Court News Business Casinos Education Government Nation & World State News Shareable Databases Sports High School H.S. Sports Schedule Youth Sports UConn/College Sports Pro Sports Outdoors New England Pro Sports Sports Columnists Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Theater Calendar Life Celebrations Faith Food Health Home & Garden Restaurant Reviews Columnists Family Pets Travel Opinion Editorials Letters Columns Cartoons Business Obituaries More Blogs Photos Videos Calendar Norwich Magazine ePaper Manage My Bulletin Chamber Directory Premium Editions Tundra Comic Branded Content Contests Subscriber ePaper Manage My Bulletin Customer Service Subscribe Market Place Advertise With Us Classifieds Find-N-Save Cars Jobs Homes Place an ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Bonobos continues offline expansion April 27, 2017 | By Marianne Wilson E-commerce driven Bonobos continues to expand its physical presence.   The upscale menswear retailer added three new stores (which it calls “guideshops”), with locations at Westfield Century City in Los Angeles; the Summit in Lexington, Ky.; and Chicago’s Southport neighborhood, reported wwd.com. Another outpost is due to in Denver next week.   Walmart is reportedly in advanced discussions to acquire Bonobos.    Launched online in 2007 with its signature line of expertly-fitted men's pants, Bonobos has expanded its offerings over the years to include a full range of menswear, including outerwear. The company’s physical stores offers shoppers the opportunity to see and try on the clothing in-person before placing an order on the company’s website – which can be completed on-site or at home. Customers can also take advantage of the on-site stylists for wardrobing advice.   Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Study: U.S. companies still waiting on an innovation ROI Fashion retailer closing all stores PetSmart acquires fast-growing online rival Sears Holdings gives update on restructuring, real estate and finances Harris Poll: The retail brands of the year are… President-elect hurting traffic at some major retail flagships Dollar Tree comes out on top Restaurant giant in $1.8 billion acquisition German grocery giant to make a big U.S. debut ahead of schedule Study: Retailers leave money on table due to lack of personalized service Solutions Spotlight Taking Stock of Retail’s Analytics Capabilities When it comes to using data and analytics to drive business results, where does the retail industry stand relative to other industries? And more importantly, where does your company stand against a retail industry index?  Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts The Reimagining of Cumberland Farms Cumberland Farms, a convenience store fixture in New England and central... First Look: Target’s next-generation store concept Target Corp. has unveiled its next-generation store format, which will make... Amazon debuts grocery pick-up concept More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Study: More than half of U.S. shoppers haven’t tried BOPIS More omnichannel retailers offer buy-online-pickup-in-store (BOPIS) services... Report: Retailers are running in place when it comes to IoT Retailers remain stuck when it comes to Internet of Things (IoT) initiatives... Survey: Store retailers leaving money on table Disappointing shopping experiences are costing brick-and-mortar retailers... Trending Stores Camper, Westfield, World Trade Center, New York City Camper, the contemporary footwear brand based in Spain, stays true to its tradition of creating unique store experiences for shoppers at each of its locations and at its new outpost in Manhattan.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
Obscura Day 2017! Join our global celebration of exploration and discovery. May 6 Sign In Join Find Near The Atlas Top Destinations Newly Added Places Most Popular Places Random Place Lists Add a Place Newly Added Places View All Places » East Chicago, Indiana Marktown Historic District 41.6588, -87.4694 Iten, Kenya Iten: Home of Champions 0.6516, 35.4910 León, Mexico Colina Gravitacional (Gravity Hill) 21.1527, -101.7147 Tattershall, England Fireplaces of Tattershall Castle 53.1013, -0.1935 Top Destinations Countries Australia Canada China France Germany India Italy Japan Cities Amsterdam Barcelona Beijing Berlin Boston Budapest Chicago London Los Angeles Mexico City Montreal Moscow New Orleans New York Paris Philadelphia Rome San Francisco Seattle Stockholm Tokyo Toronto Vienna Washington, D.C. SEE ALL 5600 DESTINATIONS IN THE ATLAS Stories BROWSE STORIES BY Columns Features Interactive News Video Visual Most Recent Stories View All Stories » Found: A Lot of Snakes in a Walmart Parking Lot Last Century a DJ Saved My Life Practicing Looking for Life on Mars in Chile's Atacama Desert Secrets of the Swazzle Events Quick Links All Events Obscura Day 2017 Explore Events Chicago Los Angeles New York Philadelphia San Francisco Seattle Washington, D.C. Upcoming Events View All Events » Apr 28 Chicago Canceled - Solstice Stained Glass Studio Tour Apr 29 Los Angeles Uncovering Echo Park Apr 29 Washington, D.C. Touched by Cereal Royalty Apr 30 Brooklyn Uzbek Food Shopping Tour in Brooklyn Trips Quick Links All Trips Where We Travel Berlin Bhutan Bulgaria Cuba Iceland Kazakhstan Morocco The Amazon Ukraine Venice Yucatán Upcoming Trips View All Trips » Unlocking Berlin's Wunderkammer May 25–May 29, 2017 Music and Medinas of Morocco Jun 23–Jun 30, 2017 Hidden Venice with a Psycho-Mambo Twist Jul 10–Jul 16, 2017 Kazakhstan and the 2017 World Expo Sep 02–Sep 10, 2017 Obscura Day 2017 Sign In Join Search Find or Near Search 50.6994, -111.6756 Patricia Hotel and Water Hole, Alberta What's near me? Found: A Lot of Snakes in a Walmart Parking Lot There was a minor panic. by Eric Grundhauser April 27, 2017 Email This Article From To Please separate multiple addresses with commas. We won't share addresses with third parties. Subscribe me to the Atlas Obscura Newsletter Could you keep shopping if you ran across something like this in a parking lot? Oregon State University/CC BY-SA 2.0 There’s a lot of reasons to avoid going to Walmart, but one Arkansas location recently added another reason to the list: a parking lot full of snakes! According to KAIT, around 40 snakes were discovered Sunday slithering around at a Walmart in Paragould, in the northeastern part of the state. Witnesses initially identified them as copperheads or water moccasins, but when police arrived, they discovered they were in fact harmless garter snakes. The police rounded up the critters, and with no suspects, are describing the incident as a “bad joke.” “They were either herding the snakes when they were frog gigging or something,” a detective told KAIT. “Either way, they were collecting them for this reason and I don’t think that was the best thing to do at all. Especially, those out there with a phobia.” Please keep your snakes to yourselves. Enjoying This Story? Get our latest, delivered straight to your inbox by subscribing to our newsletter. Subscribe to our newsletter and get our latest, sent right to your inbox. Subscribe Thanks for subscribing! Related Stories A Previously Undiscovered Boa Constrictor Has Been Found Everyone Thought It Was Art When These Clever Teens Put Glasses on a Museum Floor Found: The Largest Python Ever Captured #prank#snakes#news Read Next Last Century a DJ Saved My Life Enjoying This Story? Get our latest, delivered straight to your inbox by subscribing to our newsletter. Subscribe to our newsletter and get our latest, sent right to your inbox. Subscribe Thanks for subscribing! Related Stories A Previously Undiscovered Boa Constrictor Has Been Found Everyone Thought It Was Art When These Clever Teens Put Glasses on a Museum Floor Found: The Largest Python Ever Captured Recent Stories Last Century a DJ Saved My Life New York City's oldest-school spinners are two phonograph-loving guys named Mike. Practicing Looking for Life on Mars in Chile's Atacama Desert A test run on Earth is a whole lot cheaper. Secrets of the Swazzle Meet the hidden tool that defines what a Punch and Judy show sounds like. Related Stories story sex This North Carolina Snake Ball Is More Romantic Than You Think It's still creepy, though. April 19, 2017 story snakes The Prison Rehab Where a Meth-Addicted Python Got Clean Wombats, turtles, and kookaburras, among other creatures, are also welcome. April 11, 2017 story snakes Found: A Rattlesnake in a Toilet, and Then 23 More Underground There were five baby snakes among them. February 03, 2017 story youth A Portland Teen's Pet Snake Got Stuck in Her Earlobe She had to go to the ER. February 02, 2017 From Elsewhere Recent Stories Last Century a DJ Saved My Life New York City's oldest-school spinners are two phonograph-loving guys named Mike. Practicing Looking for Life on Mars in Chile's Atacama Desert A test run on Earth is a whole lot cheaper. Secrets of the Swazzle Meet the hidden tool that defines what a Punch and Judy show sounds like. The Atlas Recently Added Most Popular Random Curious Facts Add a Place Events Upcoming Events Upcoming Trips Stories Columns Features Interactive News Video Visual Company About Contact Us FAQ Work With Us Advertising Privacy Policy Terms of Use Subscribe to the Atlas Obscura Newsletter and get our latest, delivered straight to your inbox. Thanks for subscribing! © 2017 Atlas Obscura. All rights reserved. © 2017 Atlas Obscura. All rights reserved. Questions or Feedback? Contact Us Escape the Beaten Path. Subscribe to the Atlas Obscura Newsletter and get our latest, delivered straight to your inbox. Subscribe No Thanks We'd Like You to Like Us Like Atlas Obscura and get our latest and greatest stories in your Facebook feed. No Thanks Like Us on Facebook
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Community Briefs Education Health Politics Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Columnists Multimedia Opinion Special Sections Bakersfield Life Kern Business Journal Sponsored About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 60° Clear Bakersfield, CA (93301) Today Mostly clear. Tonight Mainly clear. Low 54F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 27, 2017 @ 10:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Community Briefs Education Health Politics Election 2016 Off the Press Opinion 2016 Presidential Election Results 2016 Local Election Results 2016 California Proposition Results Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Columnists Herb Benham Jose Gaspar Lois Henry Olivia Garcia Richard Beene Robert Price Steve Merlo Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit Community Voices Submit Special Sections 150th Anniversary Bakersfield Business Conference Just One Breath Kenny Graham Merle Haggard Seasons Year in Review: 2016 Bakersfield Life 20 under 40 People to Watch Kern Business Journal Sponsored Close Richard Beene BAKERSFIELD OBSERVED: A blog about life, media, politics and people BY RICHARD BEENE Contributing columnist 13 hrs ago 0 Richard Beene EARTH DAY An interesting note from Stephen A. Montgomery on Bakersfield College’s Garden Fest held on Earth Day. "(It) sort of implies a concern for the environmentalism and sustainable living. Yet in the face of long term concerns about the health affects of sugary beverages on diabetes and weight and now new concerns about the health risks of artificially sweetened beverages, the BC Culinary Arts food concession sold sodas for a buck and charged $2 for water! Food consisted of pulled pork sandwiches or hot dogs with salty chips. Healthier options? Not here. Hello! Are we a little tone deaf?" OVERHEARD At the Starbucks downtown a man is complaining to his wife: "Starbucks has become like United: crowded, horrible service and uncaring." SPOTTED ON TWITTER "Siri pronounces Spanish street names like a white guy in a Hawaiian shirt ordering in a Mexican restaurant." GOOD FORM "Last Tuesday my husband and I went in to Walmart on Gosford to shop for our Vegas snacks. We were in a hurry so we went through the 'self’ checkout line and upon checking out we (received) cash for $100. We left the store and once inside the car we realized we didn't collect our $100 from the cash dispensary. We ran back into the store and the family behind us were still checking out. The lady noticed the look on our faces and asked if we were looking for our $100 cash. We told her we forgot to collect it and she proceeded to tell us she turned the money in to a Walmart clerk. It's so awesome that there are still honest people in Bakersfield! We did try to compensate her $20 for her honesty and she refused to take it. So we paid it forward in Las Vegas!" MEMORIES Here's one more memory of Maison Jaussaud's from Richard Stricklen, president of the Motor City Auto Center. "For many years, the Bakersfield New Car Dealers' Association held their monthly lunch meetings at Maison Jaussaud's. In the late 1960s I was absent for the annual election of officers meeting and was informed the following week that I was elected president. I was 23 at the time and got a call from John Barber saying, 'See kid, that's what you get for being a no-show.' Also in that era, the hit singing groups, the Four Seasons and the Leland Four performed at Maison Jaussaud's several times. The Jaussaud family had a knack for attracting the very top entertainment." MORE MEMORIES And there was this from reader Phil Foster: "My father Les Foster and his brother Lawrie Foster came to Bakersfield in 1929. My father formed a dance band and played the Crystal Inn, the Beardsley Ballroom, the La Granada Ballroom (where City Hall annex is today), the Barn in Oildale, the Bakersfield Inn, the El Tejon Hotel (where the Bank of America Tower sits today). They taught music for the Phillips Music Company on 19th Street and had many students of music in the 1930s and 1940s. Footnote: the Crystal Inn is now the Basque Club on South Union Avenue." CRYSTAL INN Finally, Gail Oblinger was in high school in the 1950s when the Crystal Inn was popping. "It was always crowded with couples dressed up … girls in pastel colored formals and boys wearing rented tux on prom nights. They served meals late into the night, so you could attend the dance and go out to dinner afterwards. I felt very special to be all dressed up and going to a such special place with my date. I had been told me a time when I had to be home, no exceptions. One such evening, the service was a bit slow due to the crowds. I was directed to a dimly lit back office by the waiter when I asked if there was a place I could phone home. My mother understood about the dinner crowd and extended my curfew. As I was starting to leave, a man I hadn’t noticed before got up off the couch and came staggering towards me. I guess he had been drunk and was sleeping it off, but it sure gave me a fright. I didn’t tell that part to my mother, for fear she wouldn’t let me go another time." Email contributing columnist Richard Beene at rsbeene@yahoo.com. His work appears here on Wednesdays and Fridays; the views expressed are his own. Read more on his blog at BakersfieldObserved.com. × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Videos 5:10 BVarsity Nightly for April 27 Updated 2 hrs ago 0 BVarsity Live first segment Updated 3 hrs ago 0 BVarsity Live 2nd segment Updated 3 hrs ago 0 Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Bakersfield Memorial Hospital fined $75,000 in connection with patient death Defibrillator saves life of 14-year-old boy at Chipman Junior High Sheriff's anti-sanctuary proposal nixed, won't be heard by supervisors PETE TITTL: A strong contender for best new restaurant Bakersfield freeway building: What's done, what's to come Sheriff proposes "non-sanctuary" status for Kern Search ends for Bakersfield woman lost in Tule River JOSE GASPAR: Adios, mamá Community Voices: Hazards of mainstreaming special needs students Elton John cancels Bakersfield show Images Videos Commented Sheriff proposes "non-sanctuary" status for Kern (19) Third KHSD officer readies civil suit claiming retaliation (16) JOSE GASPAR: Adios, mamá (10) Sheriff's anti-sanctuary proposal nixed, won't be heard by supervisors (8) Former KHSD chief pleads no contest to eavesdropping (8) Sheriff: Fox News report claiming county not honoring ICE detainers is false (7) DANNY MORRISON: Cesar Chavez's legacy is in good hands (7) Auto dealership owners enter guilty pleas for failing to file IRS forms (6) LOIS HENRY: 'Unpopular' science plays a vital role in getting at the truth (6) Rudy Salas latest local Dem slapped down for bucking party (5) Today's e-Edition Login Subscribe Sections News Obituaries Sports Opinion Entertainment Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Online Features Services Subscriber Services Submission Forms Place an Ad Marketplace Events Email Alerts Search Weather Contact Information Bakersfield.com 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA 93301 Phone: (661) 395-7500 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 Bakersfield.com, 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Wal-Mart's Price War is a Winning Strategy The retail giant is slashing prices in a renewed effort to claw back market share. Here's why it will work. Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Apr 27, 2017 at 1:35PM The world's largest retailer is flexing its muscles once again. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT), after years of losing market share to rivals like Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), Costco Wholesale, and dollar store chains, has recommitted to offering the lowest prices on groceries. As part of its strategy to bring customers back into stores and drive sales growth, Wal-Mart is focused on reclaiming its reputation for rock-bottom prices, the bedrock of its "Save Money. Live Better" slogan and "Everyday Low Prices" promise. Image source: Wal-Mart The company is aggressively lowering prices in a strategic test being conducted predominantly in stores in the South and Midwest. The Wall Street Journal reported that a basket of groceries at stores in the Philadelphia area was cheaper by 5.8%, 4.9% in Atlanta, and 2.7% in Southern California compared to prices a year ago. The move comes as prices at the supermarket are already falling due to food deflation, which has squeezed rivals like Kroger Inc (NYSE:KR), which saw a streak of 52 consecutive quarters of same-store sales growth come to an end last quarter.  Wal-Mart, meanwhile, has put up ten straight quarters of comparable sales growth thanks to efforts to clean up stores and become more price-competitive. Those decisions have cut into profits, but have led to a comeback in Wal-Mart stock, which is up 12% in the last three months. A shift in strategy  For years, Wal-Mart opened stores across the country, part of a decades-long land grab that propelled the retailer to become the world's biggest company by sales. But the rise of e-commerce and Wal-Mart's own saturation in the U.S have forced the company to shift its strategy. The retail giant has dramatically scaled back its new store openings, choosing instead to invest in improving stores with higher wages, better conditions, more competitive prices, and innovations like online grocery pickup. The company has also aggressively pursued e-commerce acquisitions, in particular by purchasing Jet.com last summer for $3.3. billion.  But Wal-Mart also has an edge over rivals like Kroger as it lowers prices. As the biggest retailer in the country and the biggest grocer, Wal-Mart has economies of scale that no other company can match, and greater buying power than any competitor. In addition to slashing prices, Wal-Mart is also squeezing suppliers. At a recent presentation to key vendors, Wal-Mart said it wanted to have the lowest prices on 80% of its products. In order to do that, it's asking those consumer products makers to find a way to shave 15% off of their prices by doing things like cutting back on marketing expenses. In exchange, Wal-Mart is promising increased distribution and other strategic assistance -- but said it would punish brands that resisted it by limiting placement and pushing its own private brands in those categories. In addition to its ability to pressure suppliers, Wal-Mart also has better profit margins than its grocery rivals like Costco, Kroger, and Amazon, even after its recent investments, so it can cut prices more easily than its rivals can. One way to take on Amazon After blockbuster growth for 20 years, Amazon is now bending the retail rules to its desire. Thanks to its Prime membership program, the company's retail sales continue to soar as customers have embraced the convenience of online shopping, especially with the free two-day delivery shipping that comes with Prime. Amazon once built its reputation on low prices, but has increasingly made convenience its greatest proposition while still pushing the perception that it's the lowest-price vendor. This creates an opening for Wal-Mart. The company has been stepping up its challenges to Amazon by offering free two-day shipping on orders over $35, and now discounting some online-only items when shoppers pick them up in stores. Re-establishing itself as the low-price leader may be the best way the company can stave off Amazon as the e-commerce giant focuses on convenience and speed of delivery. Consumers still largely prefer to shop for groceries in-store rather than online, and the frequency of grocery trips means it's a significant driver of customer traffic. Therefore, bringing in more grocery sales should boost sales in other departments as customer traffic increases. Amazon still has plenty of momentum, but Wal-Mart's efforts seem to be reminding the market that it still has its own set of competitive advantages. If it keeps up these tactics, the stock should continue to move higher. Jeremy Bowman owns shares of Kroger. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon and Costco Wholesale. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Jeremy Bowman (TMFHobo) Fool since 2011. I write about consumer goods, the big picture, and whatever else piques my interest. Follow me on Twitter to see my latest articles, and for commentary on hot topics in retail and the broad market. Follow @tmfbowman Article Info Apr 27, 2017 at 1:35PM Consumer Goods Stocks Amazon NASDAQ:AMZN $918.38 up $9.09 (1.00%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $75.44 up $0.01 (0.01%) Kroger NYSE:KR $30.15 up $0.29 (0.97%) Costco Wholesale NASDAQ:COST $177.45 up $0.65 (0.37%) Read More Wal-Mart Tries Its Hand at Stunt Food With the Crotilla The Next Stock Warren Buffett May Sell Can Wal-Mart Compete With Amazon and Make Money? Why Wal-Mart Shareholders Have Something to Worry About Is Wal-Mart's New E-Commerce Acquisition Strategy Any Better Than Its Old One? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Wal-Mart's Price War is a Winning Strategy @themotleyfool #stocks $AMZN, $WMT, $KR, $COST
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman F&B Expansion in China: Trilogy Brands Speaker at the ICSC China Retail Summit in Shanghai, China F&B Expansion in China: Trilogy Brands Speaker at the ICSC China Retail Summit in Shanghai, China Trilogy Brands bets China has an appetite for American brands. Los Angeles, CA, April 27, 2017 –(PR.com)– At the invitation of the International Council of Shopping Centers, Barbara D’Amato, CEO of Trilogy Brands Group participated in the 2017 ICSC China Retail Summit as a Speaker in the Panel Discussion Session on “F&B Expansion in China,” and participated in a private C-level discussion at the “Asia Pacific CEO Forum.” From a number of heavyweight speakers from home and abroad to share new ideas, new online and new channel integration, new technology innovation applications, shopping center transformation and upgrading of the industry hot topics, while the attention of the roundtable forum guests from different angles around brand value, to expand the challenges and opportunities in the Chinese market, retail brand tenants and owners of the win-win cooperation, and shopping center successful business model and other key topics in-depth discussion. Speakers included: Jack Rennes, Executive Director of Hang Yung Real Estate Co., Ltd. Chen Wenbo, Co-President of Metro Holdings Group Co., Ltd., Barbara D’amato, CEO of Trilogy Brands Group, Chief Executive Officer of Burger King China Investment Co., Ltd. James Hawkey, Senior Director, Jones Lang LaSalle & China Retail Director Lin Jirui, Vice President of Baodong Real Estate Holdings Limited and General Manager of Baolong Commercial Real Estate Pan Lijun Tom McGee, President and Chief Executive Officer, ICSC International Shopping Center, Wal-Mart, Senior Vice President, Real Estate Development, Wal-Mart, Chairman of Wanda Network Technology Group Qu Dijun, Vice Chairman of Chia Tai Group Luo Jia-shun, Nan Fung Group Zhongnan Joint Asset Management Limited Wang Yuansheng, Managing Director of Wanda Business Management Group Shanghai Region Wang Qingsheng, Executive Director of Dingshi Business Group Wang Wei, President of Shanghai Miaojiaofang Food Co., Ltd. Wang Zhigang, Assistant President of Zhongliang Holding Group and Commercial Real Estate Wu Di group president, deputy general manager of the theater group Seohyun earth and long. The summit took place in Shanghai, the most vibrant and growing retail economy in China and the city with highest population growth in Asia Pacific. As technology and demographic shifts occur at an accelerated pace, the Asia Pacific retail landscape is rapidly evolving. Consumers, particularly the growing millennial population which is shaping the future consumption market, are placing a high priority on experiences and convenience. Behaviors and expectations are not as easily predicted as was the case in the past. The leading shopping center owner/developers, retailers and industry leaders in the Asia Pacific region gathered at this event to address the numerous issues critical to the industry: Innovative retail concepts, effective customer-engagement strategies, seamless customer experiences, the strength of brands, and the increasing role of food and beverage in retail; and to network, discuss opportunities, and recognize industry’s best practices and innovation. “The world is obsessed with American brands, and the Chinese consumer is ready to experience something new,” according to Barbara D’Amato, CEO of Trilogy Brands. “But not just any brand…you must understand the fundamentals that are driving demand, growth and trends in the US today in order to know what brand to invest in and be sure to bet on the next retail success.” Key drivers include: Brand strategy with customer centricity; a fluid retail strategy; a marketing strategy that incorporates full digital integration, customer centricity, big data, and social media; collaboration, information, speed, adaptability, and opportunity.” D’Amato continues, “Today brands are on steroids and something new will turn up that nobody can forecast. That’s a fact. If you are connected, focused, deliver with precision, are willing to adapt to acceleration and galvanize the organization into change to best serve consumers, while leveraging from the power of global partnerships, you can perform very well in most any global market and be the next retail success brand. This is how you protect your investment in brands and grow brand value globally.” CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Ted Mitchell Joins Frontline Education Board of Directors Next PostNext Ethylene Glycol Diacetate (EGDA) Market- Growth Opportunities by Regions, Type and Application; Trends Forecast to 2021 Search Recent Posts Weekly Road and Traffic Report Hawai’i Island’s First Locally Owned Cidery to Close Crowdfunding Campaign With a Bang! Harvest One Announces Closing of Acquisition of ACMPR Licensed Medical Cannabis Producer and Swiss Medical Cannabis-Based Health Products Company First American International Corporation (FAIT: OTCQB) | First American International Corp. Announces Results for Fourth Quarter and Year Ended December 31, 2016 Garda World Security Corporation Announces Pricing of Previously-Announced Offering of Senior Notes due 2025 Proudly powered by WordPress
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Home Home Bloomberg Businessweek Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Willacy County Correctional Center. Photographer: Spike Johnson for Bloomberg Businessweek Prisonville in Southern Texas Could Soon Be Back in Business An impoverished county is eagerly awaiting the reopening of a detention center for deportees, because of the jobs it will bring. by Kartikay Mehrotra @KartikayM More stories by Kartikay Mehrotra April 27, 2017, 6:00 AM EDT From Subscribe Reprints Officials in Willacy County, Texas, a Democratic enclave in the Rio Grande Valley, are counting on President Donald Trump’s immigration crackdown to revive what was its biggest employer, a prison that was mothballed after a 2015 riot, putting 400 employees out of work. The county in March deeded the facility to the company that used to operate it, which agreed to assume $69 million in outstanding debt. Now residents and officials, many with relatives on both sides of the U.S.-Mexico border, wait for a flood of detainees to fill the jail’s beds—and hope to find work guarding them. “It is the way it is,” says Eleazar Garcia Jr., the city manager of Raymondville, the county seat. “We have to do what we have to do for our community.” Willacy, which is about 50 miles from the border, is the second-poorest of Texas’ 254 counties. The area’s past as a farming community is evident from the rusty silos that dot Raymondville’s skyline. Downtown, the building a Walmart once occupied sits empty. Among the survivors: a Rent-A-Center, a McDonald’s, five taquerias, two banks, a gas station, and a grocery—plus 10 churches. The unemployment rate stands at 13.2 percent—more than double the state’s 5 percent. The county’s troubles stem in large part from its decision to hitch its wagon to the incarceration economy. Starting in 2006, it issued bonds totalling $100 million to pay for the construction of the Willacy County Correctional Center (WCCC). The facility went up on a 3-square-mile campus in Raymondville that already housed two other prisons. At one point, inmates accounted for more than a third of the town’s population of 11,000, which is why some in southern Texas call it Prisonville. Management & Training Corp., a company based in Centerville, Utah, that operated the new correctional center along with an adjacent lockup, had a federal contract to hold criminal undocumented aliens before they were deported. Two years ago, some among the approximately 2,800 inmates held at the WCCC set fire to the tentlike structures where they were housed to protest living conditions. Then, for two days, they gutted the electrical and plumbing systems with makeshift knives and metal pipes. Within a month, the federal government scrapped its contract with MTC and the prison shut down. Raymondville city manager Garcia points to the Willacy County Correctional Center. Photographer: Spike Johnson for Bloomberg Businessweek “That job paid all of my bills and then some,” says Mia Vasquez, a single mother who worked as a pharmacy coordinator at the facility before the uprising. “I had money for all the luxuries and necessities of life, from light and water to Netflix and a car.” The closure of the detention center devastated the county’s finances, wiping out more than a third of its $7.3 million budget in 2015. Besides the $2.5 million in administrative fees and other charges MTC and the federal government paid to the county, local residents lost about $8 million a year in salaries. Garcia reckons the ripple effect across the region amounted to $32 million, as other employers dismissed employees in response to spending shortfalls. Willacy County, Texas. Photographer: Spike Johnson for Bloomberg Businessweek Other calamities followed. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. closed its Raymondville location in January 2016, doing away with an additional 200 jobs. Later that year rains flooded many of Willacy’s farms, destroying crops. “We need a spark of some kind, something to get people excited about,” says Raymondville Mayor Gilbert Gonzales. That spark could be the president’s Jan. 25 executive order to expand the nation’s ability to warehouse some of its 11 million undocumented immigrants as they await deportation. The White House has requested a $1.5 billion increase in the Department of Homeland Security’s 2018 budget dedicated to detention, transportation, and removal. Private operators have about 20,000 empty beds to lease to the government, roughly 10,000 shy of the number the administration wants for immigrant detention. “Depending on border enforcement and some other rules, ICE [Immigration and Customs Enforcement] could outstrip the available capacity that exists,” says Tobey Sommer, an analyst at SunTrust Robinson Humphrey. MTC and peers such as CoreCivic Inc. and Geo Group Inc. spend about $60,000 for each prison bed they add, according to analysts’ estimates. For Willacy, that means opportunity. The county sold the partially razed prison to MTC in March. The company not only got at least 1,000 beds to dangle before the Trump administration—with the option to expand to 2,000—it also got the county to drop a suit accusing it of mismanagement leading to the riot, says Aurelio Guerra, the judge who leads the county government. MTC has denied the allegations. As the company prepares to renovate the facility, MTC and ICE officials are negotiating a new lease for immigration detention, the prison’s original purpose when it was built in a 90-day sprint. Reconstruction is likely to take “several months,” says MTC spokesman Issa Arnita. “We know that the county has experienced significant financial hardship since the facility closed in 2015, and we’re looking forward to bringing back the jobs and economic stability.” Guerra. Photographer: Spike Johnson for Bloomberg Businessweek Guerra initially estimated Willacy could see about $450,000 a year in property taxes from the reopening of the detention center, but now says that, lacking an accurate property assessment, he’s not sure. Any revenue will come at a personal cost in a county that’s 86 percent Hispanic and voted overwhelmingly for Hillary Clinton in November. Most of Raymondville’s residents have family in Mexico. It’s a small town: Everyone knows who has their papers in order and who could end up getting deported. Willacy’s desperation is evident in the trade-off, and even more so when Guerra acknowledges that the county will probably recoup only about half the jobs it lost following the 2015 riot. “The immigration policy will have a negative impact nationwide, and probably on Willacy, too,” Guerra says. “But we can’t turn down jobs. We just can’t.” The bottom line: A Texas county is eagerly anticipating the reopening of an immigration detention center, because of the jobs it will bring.   Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Post Profile for Your Business      Submit Press Release Join Now     Sign In   Businesses Articles Press Releases   Business Directory Products & Services Jobs Recent Press Releases Press Release Pricing Submit Press Release Businesses Products & Services Products Services Press Releases Jobs Press Release Pricing | News by Category | News by Country | News by US Region | Recent News | PR.com News on Your Site   Press Releases   Trilogy Brands Group Press Release Share      Blog Receive press releases from Trilogy Brands Group: By Email PDF Version RSS Feeds: F&B Expansion in China: Trilogy Brands Speaker at the ICSC China Retail Summit in Shanghai, China Trilogy Brands bets China has an appetite for American brands. Los Angeles, CA, April 27, 2017 --(PR.com)-- At the invitation of the International Council of Shopping Centers, Barbara D’Amato, CEO of Trilogy Brands Group participated in the 2017 ICSC China Retail Summit as a Speaker in the Panel Discussion Session on “F&B Expansion in China,” and participated in a private C-level discussion at the “Asia Pacific CEO Forum.” From a number of heavyweight speakers from home and abroad to share new ideas, new online and new channel integration, new technology innovation applications, shopping center transformation and upgrading of the industry hot topics, while the attention of the roundtable forum guests from different angles around brand value, to expand the challenges and opportunities in the Chinese market, retail brand tenants and owners of the win-win cooperation, and shopping center successful business model and other key topics in-depth discussion. Speakers included: Jack Rennes, Executive Director of Hang Yung Real Estate Co., Ltd. Chen Wenbo, Co-President of Metro Holdings Group Co., Ltd., Barbara D'amato, CEO of Trilogy Brands Group, Chief Executive Officer of Burger King China Investment Co., Ltd. James Hawkey, Senior Director, Jones Lang LaSalle & China Retail Director Lin Jirui, Vice President of Baodong Real Estate Holdings Limited and General Manager of Baolong Commercial Real Estate Pan Lijun Tom McGee, President and Chief Executive Officer, ICSC International Shopping Center, Wal-Mart, Senior Vice President, Real Estate Development, Wal-Mart, Chairman of Wanda Network Technology Group Qu Dijun, Vice Chairman of Chia Tai Group Luo Jia-shun, Nan Fung Group Zhongnan Joint Asset Management Limited Wang Yuansheng, Managing Director of Wanda Business Management Group Shanghai Region Wang Qingsheng, Executive Director of Dingshi Business Group Wang Wei, President of Shanghai Miaojiaofang Food Co., Ltd. Wang Zhigang, Assistant President of Zhongliang Holding Group and Commercial Real Estate Wu Di group president, deputy general manager of the theater group Seohyun earth and long. The summit took place in Shanghai, the most vibrant and growing retail economy in China and the city with highest population growth in Asia Pacific. As technology and demographic shifts occur at an accelerated pace, the Asia Pacific retail landscape is rapidly evolving. Consumers, particularly the growing millennial population which is shaping the future consumption market, are placing a high priority on experiences and convenience. Behaviors and expectations are not as easily predicted as was the case in the past. The leading shopping center owner/developers, retailers and industry leaders in the Asia Pacific region gathered at this event to address the numerous issues critical to the industry: Innovative retail concepts, effective customer-engagement strategies, seamless customer experiences, the strength of brands, and the increasing role of food and beverage in retail; and to network, discuss opportunities, and recognize industry’s best practices and innovation. “The world is obsessed with American brands, and the Chinese consumer is ready to experience something new,” according to Barbara D’Amato, CEO of Trilogy Brands. “But not just any brand...you must understand the fundamentals that are driving demand, growth and trends in the US today in order to know what brand to invest in and be sure to bet on the next retail success.” Key drivers include: Brand strategy with customer centricity; a fluid retail strategy; a marketing strategy that incorporates full digital integration, customer centricity, big data, and social media; collaboration, information, speed, adaptability, and opportunity.” D’Amato continues, “Today brands are on steroids and something new will turn up that nobody can forecast. That’s a fact. If you are connected, focused, deliver with precision, are willing to adapt to acceleration and galvanize the organization into change to best serve consumers, while leveraging from the power of global partnerships, you can perform very well in most any global market and be the next retail success brand. This is how you protect your investment in brands and grow brand value globally.” Contact Information Trilogy Brands Group Barbara Damato +1 949 922 2295 Contact www.trilogybrandsgroup.com Click here to view the list of recent Press Releases from Trilogy Brands Group Promote Your Business Affiliate Program Link To Us Email this page to a friend PR.com Contact Us About Us Terms of Use Help
Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy LoginMy Member Benefitsarchivesresearchyour teamabout usFAQLog out Share This Article Facebook LinkedIn Twitter Google+ Reddit Print Email Pinterest Delicious StumbleUpon Gmail Yahoo Tumblr Digg Private Briefing with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor What Scares the Pentagon Most About China, Russia and North Korea The U.S. Navy’s top officer in the Pacific theater today (Thursday) told the Senate Armed Services Committee (SASC) that the North Korean nuclear crisis has escalated to its most-worrisome point ever. Full Story This is premium content for paid-up Private Briefing subscribers only. How would you like to put an extra $125,000 in your nest egg? You can potentially do it this year - and you'll only have to risk $20 to learn how. Click here. Our FlagshipMoney Morning Michael A. Robinson'sStrategic Tech Investor Shah Gilani'sWall Street Insights & Indictments YourProfit Alerts Keith Fitz-Gerald'sTotal Wealth Dr. Kent Moors'Oil & Energy Investor Tom Gentile'sPower Profit Trades Michael Lewitt's Sure Money D.R. Barton's10 Minute Millionaire Research ServicesMoney Map Press Archives Research Your Team About Us FAQ Videos Login to My Account Visit Money Map Press Forget your password? Not a member? Investing Trading Credit Markets Options Technology Energy HOME Hot Topics Stocks to Buy "New Fuel" Marijuana Stocks Stocks Under $5 North Korea Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Amazon Stock Is Soaring as Company Reaps the Rewards of Changing the Rules Message: URL: https://mney.co/2qaMBY2  ×  3  =  12 Required Please enter the correct value. Share Email this Article Send with mail | ahoo instead. To: Required Needs to be a valid email From: Required Needs to be a valid email Subject: Amazon Stock Is Soaring as Company Reaps the Rewards of Changing the Rules Message: URL: https://mney.co/2qaMBY2 six  −   =  5 Required Please enter the correct value. get daily headlines subscribe now! today's private briefing Access Your Profit Alerts Twitter Follow topicFollow Amazon Updatesno responses technology Amazon Stock Is Soaring as Company Reaps the Rewards of Changing the Rules By Money Morning Staff Reports, Money Morning • April 27, 2017 Start the conversation Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website three  ×   =  21 Amazon stock (Nasdaq: AMZN) is trading in record-high territory today ahead of its Q1 earnings report. We expect more record highs from this innovative leader in the months ahead. The world's largest Internet-based retailer, Amazon.com, is a rule-breaker. It is also so popular that it is arguably the reason why market share of traditional bricks-and-mortar retailers is shrinking – and fast. Amazon's strategy has been to plow its profits back into the business, and for that it has earned an unusually high stock valuation as measured by its price/earnings ratio – the stock trades at around 187 times earnings. Normally, a high PE ratio suggests a stock is too expensive. Perhaps the stock price ran higher without a commensurate increase in earnings, or earnings declined rapidly and price did not move at all. But there's good reason why the market is willing to pay more for shares of Amazon now for the promise of much higher earnings later. Investors Bet Big on Amazon Stock Growth Amazon has sported much higher PE ratios in the past, and even that did not stop its bull market. At the end of 2015, Amazon traded near $663 and had a PE ratio of 977. Pundits said it was too high then, but the stock gained an additional 36% to today's levels. They forgot that disruptive stocks such as this one must be judged by different criteria. "Amazon's not a conventional company, which is why conventional metrics often used to judge overall market conditions and the relative attractiveness of specific stocks don't apply," Money Morning Chief Investment Strategist Keith Fitz-Gerald wrote to his Total Wealth research service readers this week. "Research, in fact, shows that PE ratios have very little predictive value when it comes to identifying the most successful investments." A few looks at traditional retailer stock performances are all the proof we need to see Amazon's effect on the industry. Amazon is eating their lunch. And dinner. And a snack. Macy's Inc. (NYSE: M) is down 53% from its 2015 peak. Its strategy, along with most upscale retailers, was to create the "shopping experience" to attract business. The public seems to have rejected experience in favor of convenience in recent years. Sears Holdings Corp. (Nasdaq: SHLD), owner of the Sears and K-Mart chains, is down 95% from its peak way back in 2007. Fitz-Gerald listed Sears as a "portfolio killer" in his Total Wealth service last week. Elsewhere, Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) used to hold the crown of the largest retailer with its no-frills approach and low prices. Wal-Mart stock is down 16% from its 2015 peak, though it has been strong over the past year as it attempts to improve its online presence. Why? To compete with Amazon. Target Corp. (NYSE: TGT) tried to move online and could not do it. Target stock is down 35% from its 2015 peak. Trending: The Best Stocks to Buy for Mega-Profits in 2017 We can even see the devastation in mall owners, too. Real estate investment trusts (REITs) focusing on shopping centers did a decisive – and bearish – about-face last year. While the broader market found its footing after the election, shopping REITs continued to flounder. Simon Property Group Inc. (NYSE: SPG), the largest domestic shopping REIT by market capitalization, is now down 26% from its July 2016 high. Stores in its malls are closing. Just this week, women's fashion and accessory retailer Bebe Stores Inc. (Nasdaq: BEBE) announced it was closing all of its stores and liquidating its assets. Bebe has been a fixture in malls across the country for years. Its time is over. Amazon is taking full advantage of these trends. And what's key to understand is that Amazon is much more than a retailer. Amazon Stock Potential Goes Beyond Retail Domination Not only does Amazon sell merchandise, but it leads in streaming services, e-reader downloads with its Kindle product, entertainment production, and cloud infrastructure services. And Amazon's plan for product delivery by drone is a major story for customers and investors. Investors are quite excited about Amazon as a retailer and as a technology company. It's in the "fabulous five" technology stocks, and it's leading the pack by innovation. There is a caveat for investors in the short term. Amazon stock is up more than 20% since the election, and for a company this large, that is a huge gain. Some technical indicators suggest the pace of the rally is waning. And as the conversation about its stock price turns towards reaching the $1,000 level, a little less than 100 points away, there is an argument that expectations are too high in the short term. The company is expected to report earnings after the bell today, April 27, and that could be a catalyst for volatility. However, whether the earnings are less than expected and the stock dips, or they are better than expected, the long-term conditions still seem sound. "Amazon may well be the only company in the world that you can buy today and expect to hold for the rest of your investing lifetime," Fitz-Gerald said recently. "There's no doubt that Amazon will go up and down, but what makes it so very compelling is that the odds that Amazon will go out of business are virtually nil." This "Secret" Helped Transform Two Teachers into Millionaires: Today Donna and Dave R. are retired millionaires who are also earning $10,000 a month in income. Much of their wealth is due to a Great Depression-era "program" most have no idea exists. Learn more… Follow Money Morning on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn. Join the conversation. Click here to jump to comments… (0) COMMENTS FACEBOOK COMMENTS TAGS Tags: Amazon Stock Leave a Reply Click here to cancel reply. Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Some HTML is OK Sign me up for the Money Morning newsletter Name * Email * Website five  +   =  seven Private Briefing Login with WILLIAM PATALON III, Executive Editor TODAY'S INSIGHT What Scares the Pentagon Most About China, Russia and North Korea Forget your password? Not a member? Profit Alerts Never miss a profit pick again. Choose from the topics below to receive our money-making recommendations in real time. Tech Watch (this article) Amazon Updates (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts Don't forget choose a topic. View all topics Daily Market Strategies Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save Latest News April 27, 2017 • By Garrett Baldwin Leave a Comment Dow Jones News: Dow Adds 6 Points as Markets Eye President Trump's Tax Proposals April 27, 2017 • By Keith Fitz-Gerald 1 Comment Breaking Up Google Will Rob Your Retirement of Billions April 27, 2017 • By Money Morning News Team Leave a Comment The Best Gold Investment Advice You'll Hear in 2017 Trending Posts 12287 Reads 32 Likes If You Own Just One Pharma Stock, Make It This Buying a pharma stock with true billion-dollar "blockbuster" potential is like grabbing a license to print money. And Michael's got the perfect "Buy" recommendation today... 7846 Reads 1645 Likes U.S. Strikes on North Korea Could Happen as Soon as Tomorrow U.S. strikes on North Korea could happen tomorrow - depending on what missile the Hermit Dynasty decides to launch amid its holiday celebrations... Featured Report Seven Ways to Tell If Your Gold Is Real Gold is the best crisis-hedge investment there is, but knowing how to steer clear of fakes is critical. As counterfeiters become increasingly savvy, even experienced pros are being fooled. Take action today with this special report, and learn seven proven methods you can use yourself to make sure the gold you own is genuine… Enter your email below to get the report. Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Today's Markets DJIA 6.24 (0.03%) 20,981.33 NASDAQ 23.71 (0.39%) 6,048.94 S&P 1.32 (0.06%) 2,388.77 ABOUT MONEY MORNING Money Morning gives you access to a team of ten market experts with more than 250 years of combined investing experience – for free. Our experts – who have appeared on FOXBusiness, CNBC, NPR, and BloombergTV – deliver daily investing tips and stock picks, provide analysis with actions to take, and answer your biggest market questions. Our goal is to help our millions of e-newsletter subscribers and Moneymorning.com visitors become smarter, more confident investors. QUICK LINKS About Us How Money Morning Works FAQs Contact Us Search Article Archive Forgot Username/Password Login to Private Briefing FREE NEWSLETTERS Strategic Tech Investor Oil & Energy Investor Total Wealth Research Wall Street Insights & Indictments Power Profit Trades Sure Money Investor 10 Minute Millionaire PREMIUM SERVICES Money Map Press Home Money Map Report Energy Advantage Nova-X Report Private Briefing Energy Inner Circle High Velocity Profits Biotech Insider Alert Capital Wave Forecast Radical Technology Profits Stealth Profits Trader The Delta Factor Money Calendar Alert Weekly Cash Clock Zenith Trading Circle Seismic Profits Alert Get In Touch Like Our Page Follow Us Watch Us on YouTube Connect with Us © 2017 Money Morning All Rights Reserved. Protected by copyright of the United States and international treaties. Any reproduction, copying, or redistribution (electronic or otherwise, including the world wide web), of content from this webpage, in whole or in part, is strictly prohibited without the express written permission of Money Morning. Address: 16 W. Madison St. Baltimore, MD, 21201 | Phone: 888.384.8339 I Disclaimer | Sitemap | Privacy Policy | Whitelist Us You may choose from these hot topics to start receiving our money-making recommendations in real time. Don't forget choose a topic. Tech Watch (this article) Amazon Updates (this article) Best Investments Alerts Gold and Silver Alerts View all topics Interested in other topics? You can add more alerts below. Daily Market Updates:Select All Before the Bell Preview After Market Roundup Breaking Stories Profit Strategies:Select All Best Investments Alerts Trading Strategy Alerts Retirement Tips Options Trading Stock Market Crash Insurance Hot Trends:Select All Marijuana Industry Updates Cybersecurity Updates Wall Street Scam Watch Bitcoin/Cryptocurrency Updates Politics Alerts Financial Regulation Alerts Terrorism Watch Conspiracy Theories Alerts U.S. Economy:Select All Fed Watch Housing Market Updates Economic Data Alerts Bond Market Watch Global Markets:Select All US Dollar Alerts China and All Asia Alerts Europe Alerts Emerging Economies Alerts Currencies Watch Stocks:Select All Biotech and Pharma Alerts Penny Stocks Alerts Energy Watch Tech Watch Dividend Stocks Alerts Small Cap Stocks Alerts Apple Updates Facebook Updates Amazon Updates Google Updates Exxon Updates IPO Watch Stocks to Watch Commodities:Select All Gold and Silver Alerts Oil and Gas Alerts Alternative Energy Alerts Metals Updates Expert Insight:Select All Keith Fitz-Gerald Michael Lewitt Dr Kent Moors Michael A Robinson Shah Gilani Tom Gentile William Patalon III D R Barton Jr Sid Riggs Ernie Tremblay Enter email: Submit We respect your privacy. Learn more. Select Topics & Save
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Ecoark Announces Addition of Susan Chambers and Steven Nelson To Its Board of Directors ROGERS, Ark.–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Ecoark Holdings, Inc. (“Ecoark”) (OTCQX: EARK), a diversified holding company, today announced that Susan Chambers and Steven Nelson have joined the company’s Board of Directors. The board additions come after the recent organizational changes to streamline operations and focus key subsidiaries on attaining profitability as the company prepares for its uplisting to the Nasdaq Capital Market. Chambers and Nelson offer invaluable experience to Ecoark as it prepares for the next critical stage of growth. Moreover, their appointments increase the number of independent directors serving on the board to five members, who now represent a majority of the Board. Chambers’ extensive background in retail, with particular emphasis on human resources, executive compensation, supply chain, risk management and technology, will be an asset to the Board and Ecoark. Nelson’s professional background and experience qualify him as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined by the rules of the SEC, and serve as the basis for his position on the Board and its audit committee. Both new board members’ insights from careers with exchange-traded publicly held companies will be vital as Ecoark prepares for its uplisting. “Susan Chambers has held key senior leadership positions in strategic operational roles, and combined with her service on the board of another public company provides the experience that will be instrumental to our Board,” said Jay Puchir, CEO of Ecoark. “Additionally, Steven Nelson’s history as the former controller of a public company uniquely qualifies him to give direction to Ecoark on general accounting and financial matters as well as areas in corporate governance and risk management that the company will now address.” Susan Chambers has over 30 years of experience in the retail industry, and, since July 2015, has served as principal of Chambers Consulting LLC. She previously served as the Chief Human Resource Officer for Walmart from 2006 to her retirement in July 2015. Prior to serving as Chief Human Resource Officer, Chambers served in various positions at Walmart, including Vice President of Application Development — Merchandising and Supply Chain Systems and Senior Vice President of Risk Management, Retirement and Benefits. Before joining Walmart, Chambers served as Director of Application Development at Hallmark Cards, Inc., where she had roles of increasing responsibility in IT and finance over a 14-year tenure. Chambers also currently serves on the Board of Directors of USA Truck, Inc. (NASDAQ:USAK) and as chair of its executive compensation committee. Chambers will chair Ecoark’s compensation committee. Steven Nelson joins Ecoark’s Board with 35 years of experience as a CPA and extensive experience as controller of a publicly traded company. He has been a lecturer for the Department of Accounting at the University of Central Arkansas since 2015. Previously, Nelson served as Vice-President, Controller of Dillard’s, Inc. (NYSE:DDS), where he was responsible for administering all aspects of financial accounting and reporting. He maintains an active license as a CPA in the State of Arkansas, and regularly develops and delivers continuing professional education presentations for CPAs in Arkansas. Nelson will chair Ecoark’s audit committee. The two new directors come at a pivotal time in Ecoark’s history, as it positions itself for aggressive growth through strategic acquisitions while helping its current subsidiaries focus on increasing sales and attaining profitability in order to increase shareholder value. About Ecoark Holdings Inc. Founded in 2011, Ecoark Holdings, Inc. is a diversified holding company focused on delivering long-term shareholder value. The company currently has three wholly-owned subsidiaries: Zest Labs, Pioneer Products and Magnolia Solar. For more information, please visit www.ecoarkusa.com, and follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn. Forward Looking Statement This release contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements concerning our business and possible or assumed future results of operations. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements for many reasons including: access to growth capital on favorable terms; adverse economic changes affecting markets we serve; competition in our markets and industry segments; our timing and the profitability of entering new markets; greater than expected costs, customer acceptance of our products or difficulties related to our integration of the businesses we may acquire; and other risks and uncertainties as may be detailed from time to time in our public announcements and SEC filings. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, they relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made, and our future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements may not meet these expectations. We do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this document to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Black Life Coaches Network Awards Dr. D Ivan Young 2017 Life Coach of the Year Next PostNext Enterprise Social Networks Market Growing at 16.1% CAGR by 2026 Search Recent Posts ZoomerMedia Limited Announces Second Quarter Financial Results Helix BioPharma Corp. Closes Private Placement IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – BUFF.P , DVC.H, HVST Rand Capital Announces First Quarter 2017 Results Georgia Southern University Selects Spectra Ticketing & Fan Engagement Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Ecoark Holdings, Inc. (EARK: OTCQX U.S.) | Ecoark Announces Addition of Susan Chambers and Steven Nelson To Its Board of Directors Apr 27, 2017 OTC Disclosure & News Service – Ecoark Holdings, Inc. (“Ecoark”) (OTCQX: EARK), a diversified holding company, today announced that Susan Chambers and Steven Nelson have joined the company’s Board of Directors. The board additions come after the recent organizational changes to streamline operations and focus key subsidiaries on attaining profitability as the company prepares for its uplisting to the Nasdaq Capital Market. Chambers and Nelson offer invaluable experience to Ecoark as it prepares for the next critical stage of growth. Moreover, their appointments increase the number of independent directors serving on the board to five members, who now represent a majority of the Board. Chambers’ extensive background in retail, with particular emphasis on human resources, executive compensation, supply chain, risk management and technology, will be an asset to the Board and Ecoark. Nelson’s professional background and experience qualify him as an “audit committee financial expert,” as defined by the rules of the SEC, and serve as the basis for his position on the Board and its audit committee. Both new board members’ insights from careers with exchange-traded publicly held companies will be vital as Ecoark prepares for its uplisting. “Susan Chambers has held key senior leadership positions in strategic operational roles, and combined with her service on the board of another public company provides the experience that will be instrumental to our Board,” said Jay Puchir, CEO of Ecoark. “Additionally, Steven Nelson’s history as the former controller of a public company uniquely qualifies him to give direction to Ecoark on general accounting and financial matters as well as areas in corporate governance and risk management that the company will now address.” Susan Chambers has over 30 years of experience in the retail industry, and, since July 2015, has served as principal of Chambers Consulting LLC. She previously served as the Chief Human Resource Officer for Walmart from 2006 to her retirement in July 2015. Prior to serving as Chief Human Resource Officer, Chambers served in various positions at Walmart, including Vice President of Application Development — Merchandising and Supply Chain Systems and Senior Vice President of Risk Management, Retirement and Benefits. Before joining Walmart, Chambers served as Director of Application Development at Hallmark Cards, Inc., where she had roles of increasing responsibility in IT and finance over a 14-year tenure. Chambers also currently serves on the Board of Directors of USA Truck, Inc. (NASDAQ:USAK) and as chair of its executive compensation committee. Chambers will chair Ecoark’s compensation committee. Steven Nelson joins Ecoark’s Board with 35 years of experience as a CPA and extensive experience as controller of a publicly traded company. He has been a lecturer for the Department of Accounting at the University of Central Arkansas since 2015. Previously, Nelson served as Vice-President, Controller of Dillard’s, Inc. (NYSE:DDS), where he was responsible for administering all aspects of financial accounting and reporting. He maintains an active license as a CPA in the State of Arkansas, and regularly develops and delivers continuing professional education presentations for CPAs in Arkansas. Nelson will chair Ecoark’s audit committee. The two new directors come at a pivotal time in Ecoark’s history, as it positions itself for aggressive growth through strategic acquisitions while helping its current subsidiaries focus on increasing sales and attaining profitability in order to increase shareholder value. About Ecoark Holdings Inc. Founded in 2011, Ecoark Holdings, Inc. is a diversified holding company focused on delivering long-term shareholder value. The company currently has three wholly-owned subsidiaries: Zest Labs, Pioneer Products and Magnolia Solar. For more information, please visit www.ecoarkusa.com, and follow us on Twitter and LinkedIn. Forward Looking Statement This release contains forward-looking statements, including, without limitation, statements concerning our business and possible or assumed future results of operations. Our actual results could differ materially from those anticipated in the forward-looking statements for many reasons including: access to growth capital on favorable terms; adverse economic changes affecting markets we serve; competition in our markets and industry segments; our timing and the profitability of entering new markets; greater than expected costs, customer acceptance of our products or difficulties related to our integration of the businesses we may acquire; and other risks and uncertainties as may be detailed from time to time in our public announcements and SEC filings. Although we believe the expectations reflected in the forward-looking statements are reasonable, they relate only to events as of the date on which the statements are made, and our future results, levels of activity, performance or achievements may not meet these expectations. We do not intend to update any of the forward-looking statements after the date of this document to conform these statements to actual results or to changes in our expectations, except as required by law. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170427005970/en/ Copyright © 2017 Businesswire. All Rights Reserved The above news release has been provided by the above company via the OTC Disclosure and News Service. Issuers of news releases and not OTC Markets Group Inc. are solely responsible for the accuracy of such news releases. CategoriesUncategorized TagsEcoark Holdings, Inc. Post navigation Previous PostPrevious LED Lighting Market Rising at $42.5 Bn, Globally by 2020 Next PostNext Global Automatic Loading Panel Saw Market Research Report 2017-2021 Search Recent Posts Firesteel Resources Inc. Announces Repricing of Previously Announced Private Placements Winners of RIT/NTIDs Next Big Idea announced New CPA Act to complete the unification of Ontario’s accounting profession Hope for Garment Workers with European Parliaments Vote First Quantum Minerals Reports First Quarter 2017 Results Proudly powered by WordPress
Dramatic photo shows man who police say shot bystander outside W - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Justice For Isabel Arizona Politics Great Things Happen Here Border News Business Traffic map SLIDESHOWS Watch Tucson News Now KOLD Investigates See it, Snap it, Send it Education Visit our tax guide My Tucson Home In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Flight tracker Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 SLIDESHOWS Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page 3 Degree Guarantee Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Sign up for email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Tucson Rodeo UA Basketball News from the NFL UA Sports UA Football Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community AZ WEEKEND Discover Arizona See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Pet Connection Pet Pals Speaker Request Events Lifestyle About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Health Health main page Fighting the Flu Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace Dramatic photo shows man who police say shot bystander outside Walmart 2017-04-26T16:49:58Z2017-04-27T12:42:22Z By Jeremy Turnage, Digital Content Manager Email Connect jturnage@wistv.com ADVERTISEMENT Police presence at Walmart Police presence at Walmart Police presence at Walmart Police presence at Walmart Police presence at Walmart Walmart Walmart Slideshow: Columbia Police Department officer-involved shooting (Source: WIS Viewer) COLUMBIA, SC (WIS) - An alleged gunman and a bystander at a gas station were both wounded during an officer-involved shooting incident at the Walmart on Bush River Road on Wednesday afternoon.  According to CPD Chief Skip Holbrook, officers were called to the scene shortly before noon after reports of an armed man acting erratically inside the store.  RELATED: See photos from the scene of the shooting. The gunman, Holbrook said, exited the store and police followed him to a nearby Murphy Express gas station. His name has not yet been released by police. Holbrook said the man then appeared to confront a citizen who was filling their car with gas. Holbrook said the man then shot the citizen. After that, Holbrook said, the man then opened fire on the two CPD officers on scene. The officers returned fire, striking the him at least once, Holbrook said.  "When I was getting out of the car to go to Walmart, we heard gunshots being fired. I ducked back in the car, because we didn't know where the gunshots were coming from," eyewitness Tasha Davis said. "There was a Walmart worker standing outside and another lady standing outside where he had dropped some items, then he ran up to the store at the gas station here where gunshots were actually being fired at." An anonymous viewer submitted this photo of the man being chased by police through the parking lot. CPD has confirmed that this is the man who later shot a bystander and was, in turn, shot himself by police.  The victim is out of surgery and doing well, according to CPD. There is no word on the condition of the alleged gunman.  Additional CPD officers who arrived on scene helped save the man's life by administering a tourniquet to stop the severe bleeding.— Cola Police Dept. SC (@ColumbiaPDSC) April 26, 2017 No charges have been announced. Copyright 2017 WIS. All rights reserved.  Local newsMore>> Benson students deliver donations to firefighters Benson students deliver donations to firefighters Updated: Friday, April 28 2017 1:40 AM EDT2017-04-28 05:40:57 GMT (Source: KOLD News 13) Food, supplies, and goodies were collected as Benson High School students spent the past few days reaching out for donations to give to firefighters. Food, supplies, and goodies were collected as Benson High School students spent the past few days reaching out for donations to give to firefighters. breaking UPDATE: Man accused of abusing Tucson child is MMA fighter UPDATE: Man accused of abusing Tucson child is MMA fighter Updated: Friday, April 28 2017 1:22 AM EDT2017-04-28 05:22:00 GMT A man has been arrested on abuse charges after a 3-year-old girl was found unresponsive in a home on Tucson's south side. A man has been arrested on abuse charges after a 3-year-old girl was found unresponsive in a home on Tucson's south side. Fire officials host community meeting for residents near Sawmill Fire Fire officials host community meeting for residents near Sawmill Fire Updated: Friday, April 28 2017 1:19 AM EDT2017-04-28 05:19:18 GMT Residents asked a lot of questions about the condition of the fire, how likely it is that they will have to evacuate and what would happen if an evacuation did take place. Residents asked a lot of questions about the condition of the fire, how likely it is that they will have to evacuate and what would happen if an evacuation did take place. BREAKING UPDATE: Sawmill Fire 40 percent contained, growth slowed UPDATE: Sawmill Fire 40 percent contained, growth slowed Updated: Friday, April 28 2017 1:10 AM EDT2017-04-28 05:10:32 GMT For the first time, officials have confirmed the wildfire burning in southern Arizona was caused by a recreational shooter. For the first time, officials have confirmed the wildfire burning in southern Arizona was caused by a recreational shooter. ONLY ON KOLD: Tucson's War on Heroin ONLY ON KOLD: Tucson's War on Heroin Updated: Friday, April 28 2017 12:33 AM EDT2017-04-28 04:33:27 GMT (Source: Tucson News Now) An update on the state's plan to fight drug abuse and addiction  An update on the state's plan to fight drug abuse and addiction     Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> VIDEO: Beating of girl, 12, captured on camera in Crosby Middle School bathroom VIDEO: Beating of girl, 12, captured on camera in Crosby Middle School bathroom Updated: Wednesday, April 26 2017 1:36 PM EDT2017-04-26 17:36:07 GMT Parents are taking action against the Jefferson County Public School system, after a video surfaced of a heinous attack on their young child. Parents are taking action against the Jefferson County Public School system, after a video surfaced of a heinous attack on their young child. Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
CNET Reviews Best Products Appliances Audio Cameras Cars Desktops Drones Headphones Laptops Monitors Networking Phones Printers Smart Home Software Tablets TVs Virtual Reality Wearable Tech Forums News Apple Computers Deals Google Internet Microsoft Mobile Photography Security Sci-Tech Tech Culture Tech Industry Photo Galleries Video Forums CNET Magazine Latest Stories Subscribe Video Apple Byte CNET Top 5 How To Googlicious Smart Home Tech Today News Next Big Thing Special Features CNET Podcasts Laptops Phones Tablets TVs How To Appliances Computers Gaming Home Entertainment Internet Mobile Apps Phones Photography Security Smart Home Tablets Wearable Tech Forums Speed Test Smart Home Best smart home devices How To News Tour our smart apartment Tour our smart house Product Compatibility Amazon Alexa Apple HomeKit Belkin WeMo Google Home Lutron Nest Philips Hue Samsung SmartThings Wink Cars Best Cars News Reviews Recalls Pictures AutoComplete Carfection Cooley On Cars Concept Cars Electric Cars How to buy the best Coupe Crossover Electric Vehicle Family Car Hybrid Minivan Sedan Truck Deals Cheapskate Best Tech Under $50 All Deals Tech Deals Non-Tech Deals Audio Deals Cell Phone Deals Desktop Deals Laptop Deals Hard Drive & Storage Deals Printer Deals Tablet Deals Camera Deals Monitor Deals Software Deals TV Deals Web Hosting VPN Services WordPress Hosting Domain Names Download Join CNET Member Benefits Sign In to CNET Signed in as My Profile My Profile Forums Sign Out Australia China France Germany Japan Korea United Kingdom US Editions English Español CNET Deals Clearance Toys at Walmart from $1 + free shipping w/ $35 Clearance Toys at Walmart from $1 + free shipping w/ $35 Published: 18 hours ago / Buy Now $1 Buy Now Walmart discounts a selection of toys marked as Clearance, Rollback, and Special Buy items, with prices starting at $1.49 $2.97. Opt for in-store pickup to dodge the $5.99 shipping charge, or spend $35 or more to receive free shipping. Shop a variety of discounted brands, including Disney, Fisher-Price, LEGO, Hot Wheels, and My Little Pony. A couple of best bets: Marvel Avengers Hulk Gamma Grip Fists for $9.97 + pickup (pictured, low by $10) Bright Starts Sweet Safari Bounce Entertainer for $44.54 + $0 s&h (Amazon & Target match, low by $25) facebook twitter googleplus linkedin more more + comments 0 email tumblr stumble reddit pinterest digg Related Deals SEE ALL Crayola Paint Maker for $8 + $6 s&h Pokemon XY Evolutions Elite Trainer Box for $32 + pickup at Walmart Crazon 1/32 Mini Pocket 20KM/h RC Racing Car for $19 + free shipping LEGO Iconic Minifigure Carry Case for $8 + $5 s&h Popular deals Samsung 8-Inch Galaxy Tab S2 Tablet - $268.95 Levi's Men's Commuter 511 Slim Fit Jeans for $24 + free s&h w/beauty item Newegg Tech Clearance Sale Dockers Men's Perfect Pleated Shorts for $8 + free s&h w/beauty item Senior Citizen Lifetime National Parks Pass for $10 Web Hosting & Services Solutions Your destination for all things hosting and more! Find the best providers, plans and deals, learn what you need to know to build your web presence and optimize your site. Use our comparison tools and speed test, get support in our forums and much more. Learn more! CNET © CBS Interactive Inc.  /  All Rights Reserved. About CNET Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement Help Center
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News JPMorgan Chase & Co. Increases Hansteen Holdings plc (HSTN) Price Target to GBX 125 Investors Buy Large Volume of Call Options on Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) Capnia Inc (CAPN) Short Interest Update Circassia Pharmaceuticals PLC (CIR) Rating Reiterated by Stifel Nicolaus Fifth Third Bancorp (FITB) Rating Reiterated by BMO Capital Markets Benchmark Co. Initiates Coverage on iPass Inc. (IPAS) Jefferies Group LLC Reiterates “Neutral” Rating for The Coca-Cola Co (KO) Akorn, Inc. (AKRX) Rating Reiterated by Gabelli Splunk Inc (SPLK) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Creative Planning Has $452,000 Stake in EQT Midstream Partners LP (EQM) McDonald's Co. (MCD) Stake Maintained by Cordasco Financial Network Visa Inc (V) Shares Bought by Bridges Investment Management Inc. Nadler Financial Group Inc. Reduces Stake in McDonald's Co. (MCD) Nadler Financial Group Inc. Increases Position in Altria Group Inc (MO) 2U Inc (TWOU) Shares Bought by Macquarie Group Ltd. Waverton Investment Management Ltd Continues to Hold Stake in Altria Group Inc (MO) Teva Pharmaceutical Industries Ltd (TEVA) Cut to Buy at Vetr Inc. Visa Inc (V) Stock Rating Reaffirmed by Oppenheimer Holdings Inc. Cantor Fitzgerald Reaffirms “Hold” Rating for Twitter Inc (TWTR) Q1 2017 Earnings Forecast for W&T Offshore, Inc. (WTI) Issued By Capital One Financial Corp. Investors Buy Large Volume of Call Options on Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) April 27th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - Options Articles Tweet Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) saw some unusual options trading on Thursday. Stock traders bought 35,280 call options on the stock. This is an increase of approximately 383% compared to the typical volume of 7,309 call options. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) opened at 75.43 on Thursday. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $71.85 and a 200-day moving average price of $69.98. The company has a market cap of $228.78 billion, a PE ratio of 17.22 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores has a 52-week low of $62.72 and a 52-week high of $75.77. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last announced its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 EPS for the quarter, beating the consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. The firm had revenue of $129.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $130.22 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The company’s revenue was up .8% on a year-over-year basis. During the same period in the prior year, the company earned $1.49 EPS. On average, analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Stockholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be given a dividend of $0.51 per share. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 6th. This represents a $2.04 annualized dividend and a dividend yield of 2.70%. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is presently 43.48%. In other news, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, March 2nd. The stock was sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total value of $320,418,144.94. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $476,044,833.20. The transaction was disclosed in a legal filing with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 4,375,337 shares of the stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, February 23rd. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.79, for a total value of $314,105,443.23. Following the completion of the sale, the insider now directly owns 10,507,127 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $754,306,647.33. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. In the last three months, insiders sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock valued at $1,110,035,611. 51.55% of the stock is currently owned by insiders. Institutional investors have recently made changes to their positions in the stock. Smith Chas P & Associates PA Cpas raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 8.5% in the first quarter. Smith Chas P & Associates PA Cpas now owns 228,771 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $16,490,000 after buying an additional 17,896 shares during the period. Palo Capital Inc. raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.2% in the first quarter. Palo Capital Inc. now owns 40,549 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $2,923,000 after buying an additional 473 shares during the period. Breton Hill Capital Ltd. raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 68.2% in the first quarter. Breton Hill Capital Ltd. now owns 24,186 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $1,743,000 after buying an additional 9,809 shares during the period. IFP Advisors Inc raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 3.6% in the first quarter. IFP Advisors Inc now owns 74,701 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $5,384,000 after buying an additional 2,603 shares during the period. Finally, Financial Architects Inc raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 41.9% in the first quarter. Financial Architects Inc now owns 38,110 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $2,747,000 after buying an additional 11,260 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. WMT has been the subject of several research reports. Deutsche Bank AG reaffirmed a “hold” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Wednesday, January 18th. Wells Fargo & Co initiated coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Wednesday, January 25th. They set a “market perform” rating and a $71.00 price target for the company. JPMorgan Chase & Co. set a $68.00 price target on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “sell” rating in a report on Thursday, February 23rd. Zacks Investment Research raised Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Tuesday, March 21st. Finally, BMO Capital Markets reaffirmed an “underperform” rating and set a $63.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, April 7th. Four investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, seventeen have assigned a hold rating and thirteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The stock presently has an average rating of “Hold” and an average price target of $75.69. TRADEMARK VIOLATION NOTICE: “Investors Buy Large Volume of Call Options on Wal-Mart Stores (WMT)” was originally posted by Daily Political and is the property of of Daily Political. If you are reading this report on another website, it was copied illegally and republished in violation of U.S. & international copyright & trademark legislation. The legal version of this report can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/04/27/investors-buy-large-volume-of-call-options-on-wal-mart-stores-wmt.html. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Judge Uses Comment by President Trump in Ruling Fight for Border Wall Approaches in Attempt to Avoid Shutdown President Trump Attempting To Repeal ACA Again Vice President Pence Says North Korea Should Not Test U.S. Resolve Trump’s Back and Forth on Economics © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast TOP VIDEOS Log in Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us STRETCH YOUR DOLLAR Prize fight: Who wins the online shopping showdown between Amazon and Walmart? Email share share tweet email EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1923442" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Walmart vs. Amazon in a clash to see who is the best online retailer. KTRK By Patricia Lopez Thursday, April 27, 2017 07:43AM HOUSTON, Texas (KTRK) -- Amazon or Walmart? Which is better? We break down the clash of the retail titans in a Stretch Your Dollar match-up. Consumers just want to know where they can find the best deal and save the most money. In a round-by-round battle, here's how each company fared: Price matching: Walmart is the clear winner here because Amazon does not price match. Walmart.com will price match the price of select online retailers. Shipping: This one's a toss up. Amazon offers free two-day shipping to Prime members but that comes with a $99 a year fee. Walmart offers free shipping on orders over $35. Those little 'extras': Amazon wins this round with a number of extra services like unlimited streaming of movies and TV shows, and more. Lowest prices: It depends on the item. Amazon is overrun by third-party sellers. Walmart has "everyday low prices" that last a long period of time. In the end, it's a split decision. And for those of you who are Amazon Prime members but aren't using the service to its fullest potential, check this out. We have a list of the five items that come with your membership that you might not even know about. This includes a way you can share your account! Amazon Prime perks you aren't using but should EMBED More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc13.com/video/embed/?pid=1814388" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Patricia Lopez has some perks Amazon Prime members might not know about. Report a typo to the ABC13 staff Related Topics: shoppingamazonwalmartstretch your dollaronline shoppingsave moneyHouston Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 KTRK-TV. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. STRETCH YOUR DOLLAR Digital Deal of the Day Walmart to give discounts for coming to a store The best day to buy gas is... Compare costs of home security cameras More stretch your dollar SHOPPING Digital Deal of the Day Walmart to give discounts for coming to a store Topshop sells clear plastic jeans Digital Deal of the Day More Shopping Top Stories HOUSTON, we have a QB! Texans select Deshaun Watson Hey Houston! Meet your new Texans QB Deshaun Watson Taxpayers pay for Mayor Turner and guests' trip to Super Bowl 4-year-old boy wanders from day care unnoticed 205 Humble students absent after illness outbreak How much do city leaders make? Schools urge parents to talk with children about suicide Show More 8 ways TxDOT will ease Houston traffic HPD: Bank robbery suspects threw cash out as they fled Texas House OKs ban on 'sanctuary cities' Murder charges dropped against man in 1979 case Inside Art Rascon's most dangerous travels More News Top Video Taxpayers pay for Mayor Turner and guests' trip to Super Bowl ESPN anchor uses golf ball to reveal baby's gender HOUSTON, we have a QB! Texans select Deshaun Watson Schools urge parents to talk with children about suicide More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories Video Photos U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News HoustonSouthwestSoutheastNorthwestNortheast Categories U.S. & World Stretch Your Dollar Turn to Ted Ted Oberg Investigates Let's Eat Out and About Sports Mirror Mirror Entertainment Healthcheck Buzz Worthy Politics Station Info Contact us ABC13 and You ABC13 News Team TV Listings Careers Enter to Win Shows ABC13 Live Newscasts Community Programs ABC13 Presents Live Well Network Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., KTRK-TV Houston
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman F&B EXPANSION IN CHINA: Trilogy Brands Speaker at the ICSC China Retail Summit in Shanghai, China Speakers at the ICSC China Retail Summit The solutions to the retail landscape challenges and opportunities for the Chinese market, are centered in branded F&B April 2017. Shanghai, China. (PRWEB) April 27, 2017 At the invitation of the International Council of Shopping Centers, Barbara D’Amato, CEO of Trilogy Brands Group participated in the 2017 ICSC China Retail Summit as a Speaker in the Panel Discussion Session on “F&B Expansion in China”, and participated in a private C-level discussion at the “Asia Pacific CEO Forum”. From a number of heavyweight speakers from home and abroad to share new ideas, new online and new channel integration, new technology innovation applications, shopping center transformation and upgrading of the industry hot topics, while the attention of the roundtable forum guests from different angles around brand value, to expand the challenges and opportunities in the Chinese market, retail brand tenants and owners of the win-win cooperation, and shopping center successful business model and other key topics in-depth discussion. Speakers included: Jack Rennes, Executive Director of Hang Yung Real Estate Co., Ltd. Chen Wenbo, Co-President of Metro Holdings Group Co., Ltd., Barbara D’amato, CEO of Trilogy Brands Group, Chief Executive Officer of Burger King China Investment Co., Ltd. James Hawkey, Senior Director, Jones Lang LaSalle & China Retail Director Lin Jirui, Vice President of Baodong Real Estate Holdings Limited and General Manager of Baolong Commercial Real Estate Pan Lijun Tom McGee, President and Chief Executive Officer, ICSC International Shopping Center, Wal-Mart, Senior Vice President, Real Estate Development, Wal-Mart, Chairman of Wanda Network Technology Group Qu Dijun, Vice Chairman of Chia Tai Group Luo Jia-shun, Nan Fung Group Zhongnan Joint Asset Management Limited Wang Yuansheng, Managing Director of Wanda Business Management Group Shanghai Region Wang Qingsheng, Executive Director of Dingshi Business Group Wang Wei, President of Shanghai Miaojiaofang Food Co., Ltd. Wang Zhigang, Assistant President of Zhongliang Holding Group and Commercial Real Estate Wu Di group president, deputy general manager of the theater group Seohyun earth and long. The summit took place in Shanghai, the most vibrant and growing retail economy in China and the city with highest population growth in Asia Pacific. As technology and demographic shifts occur at an accelerated pace, the Asia Pacific retail landscape is rapidly evolving. Consumers, particularly the growing millennial population which is shaping the future consumption market, are placing a high priority on experiences and convenience. Behaviors and expectations are not as easily predicted as was the case in the past. The leading shopping center owner/developers, retailers and industry leaders in the Asia Pacific region gathered at this event to address the numerous issues critical to the industry: Innovative retail concepts, effective customer-engagement strategies, seamless customer experiences, the strength of brands, and the increasing role of food and beverage in retail; and to network, discuss opportunities, and recognize industry’s best practices and innovation. “The world is obsessed with American brands, and the Chinese consumer is ready to experience something new” according to Barbara D’Amato, CEO of Trilogy Brands. “But not just any brand…you must understand the fundamentals that are driving demand, growth and trends in the US today in order to know what brand to invest in and be sure to bet on the next retail success”. Key drivers include: Brand strategy with customer centricity; a fluid retail strategy; a marketing strategy that incorporates full digital integration, customer centricity, big data, and social media; collaboration, information, speed, adaptability, and opportunity”. D’Amato continues, “Today brands are on steroids and something new will turn up that nobody can forecast. That’s a fact. If you are connected, focused, deliver with precision, are willing to adapt to acceleration and galvanize the organization into change to best serve consumers, while leveraging from the power of global partnerships, you can perform very well in most any global market and be the next retail success brand. This is how you protect your investment in brands and grow brand value globally”. Share article on social media or email: CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Introducing the New Adventure Row and Fitness Row Standup Paddle Boards from Whitehall Rowing & Sail Next PostNext IntelliSoft Group Introduces New Hybrid Product that Combines Software and CVO Services at the Washington Association Medical Staff Services (WAMSS) Annual Conference Search Recent Posts Cubic Boron Nitride Market – Evolving Industry Trends 2024 Education Apps Market : Size, Share, Analysis, Industry Trend, Growth and Demand Audited annual information of Invalda INVL for 2016 Tamper Evident Packaging Market size in terms of volume and value 2016-2026 AB „Invalda INVL“ 2016 m. audituota metinė informacija Proudly powered by WordPress
Dramatic photo shows man who police say shot bystander outside W - | WBTV Charlotte Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME WBTV Blogs Web Extra Links NEWS WBTV Investigates Good News Consumer Stories Business News Crimestoppers House Bill 2 NC News SC News WEATHER Weather Blogs WBTV Weather App Hurricane Center Doppler Radar Fishing forecast Tower Cam Scott Clark's Toyota City WeatherNet Closings & Delays Closings System Interactive Radar Photos Allergy Forecast SPORTS Carolina Panthers Take 3 College Hoops Auto Racing College Football Golf Prep Zone On The Go With Stro Super Fan Football Friday Night VIDEO TRAFFIC Traffic Map/Conditions Charlotte Traffic Cams South Carolina Traffic Cams Airport Delays NC DOT SC DOT Features Morning Break Contests Entertainment News Slideshows Lifestyle Pets and Animals Molly's Kids Recipes Survivor of the Month Team No Sugar Your Photos and Video! Mo Knows For Your Safety Keeping You Healthy COMMUNITY Catawba County News Gaston County News Salisbury News Mecklenburg County News Union County News Iredell County News South Carolina News High Country News Lincoln County News Speak Out Editorials Community Events Survivor of the Month Super Fan ABOUT US Facebook Download our apps Twitter Contact Us Advertise With Us! Digital Sales Anchors and Reporters Closed Captioning WBTV Jobs WBTV Press Releases TV What's on WBTV? Watch CBS Shows What's On Bounce TV? Entertainment Fix It & Finish It Flip My Food Marketplace Dramatic photo shows man who police say shot bystander outside Walmart 2017-04-26T16:49:58Z2017-04-27T12:42:22Z By Jeremy Turnage, Digital Content Manager Email Connect jturnage@wistv.com ADVERTISEMENT Police presence at Walmart Police presence at Walmart Police presence at Walmart Police presence at Walmart Police presence at Walmart Walmart Walmart Slideshow: Columbia Police Department officer-involved shooting (Source: WIS Viewer) COLUMBIA, SC (WIS) - An alleged gunman and a bystander at a gas station were both wounded during an officer-involved shooting incident at the Walmart on Bush River Road on Wednesday afternoon.  According to CPD Chief Skip Holbrook, officers were called to the scene shortly before noon after reports of an armed man acting erratically inside the store.  RELATED: See photos from the scene of the shooting. The gunman, Holbrook said, exited the store and police followed him to a nearby Murphy Express gas station. His name has not yet been released by police. Holbrook said the man then appeared to confront a citizen who was filling their car with gas. Holbrook said the man then shot the citizen. After that, Holbrook said, the man then opened fire on the two CPD officers on scene. The officers returned fire, striking the him at least once, Holbrook said.  "When I was getting out of the car to go to Walmart, we heard gunshots being fired. I ducked back in the car, because we didn't know where the gunshots were coming from," eyewitness Tasha Davis said. "There was a Walmart worker standing outside and another lady standing outside where he had dropped some items, then he ran up to the store at the gas station here where gunshots were actually being fired at." An anonymous viewer submitted this photo of the man being chased by police through the parking lot. CPD has confirmed that this is the man who later shot a bystander and was, in turn, shot himself by police.  The victim is out of surgery and doing well, according to CPD. There is no word on the condition of the alleged gunman.  Additional CPD officers who arrived on scene helped save the man's life by administering a tourniquet to stop the severe bleeding.— Cola Police Dept. SC (@ColumbiaPDSC) April 26, 2017 No charges have been announced. Copyright 2017 WIS. All rights reserved.  RSS FeedsMore>> News Feed News Feed Get news stories via RSS.More >> Get news stories via RSS.More >> Sports Feed Sports Feed Get sports stories via RSS.More >> Get sports stories via RSS.More >> RSS Feeds RSS Feeds Add headlines to your RSS news readerMore >> specialConnect with us!More>> Like us on Facebook Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Twitter Text & Email Alerts Text & Email Alerts Download our Apps Download our Apps Send Photos & Video Send Photos & Video    Local NewsMore>> Former cheerleading coach charged with indecent liberties with minor Former cheerleading coach charged with indecent liberties with minor Updated: Thursday, April 27 2017 11:08 PM EDT2017-04-28 03:08:51 GMT (Source: WBTV/File) Grant Taylor, 19, is charged with two counts each of indecent liberties with a minor and first-degree child exploitation.  More >> Grant Taylor, 19, is charged with two counts each of indecent liberties with a minor and first-degree child exploitation. More >> Reverend recalls moments before Lancaster teen took his last breaths Reverend recalls moments before Lancaster teen took his last breaths Updated: Thursday, April 27 2017 10:53 PM EDT2017-04-28 02:53:17 GMT Revered Wayne Murray was inside as gunfire erupted outside of his organization’s building Wednesday night.More >> Revered Wayne Murray was inside as gunfire erupted outside of his organization’s building Wednesday night.More >> VIDEO: Student sucker-punched in school cafeteria at Bunker Hill High VIDEO: Student sucker-punched in school cafeteria at Bunker Hill High Updated: Thursday, April 27 2017 10:52 PM EDT2017-04-28 02:52:59 GMT Video of a high school student being sucker-punched in a high school cafeteria Thursday has gone viral after a concerned mother posted it online. More >> Video of a high school student being sucker-punched in a high school cafeteria Thursday has gone viral after a concerned mother posted it online.More >> Two injured in north Charlotte crash involving overturned vehicle Two injured in north Charlotte crash involving overturned vehicle Updated: Thursday, April 27 2017 10:35 PM EDT2017-04-28 02:35:01 GMT (Devin Futrelle | WBTV) The crash happened just before 10 p.m. on Atando Avenue. More >> The crash happened just before 10 p.m. on Atando Avenue.More >> Panthers go for 4-in-1, take versatile Stanford back Christian McCaffrey at No. 8 Panthers go for 4-in-1, take versatile Stanford back Christian McCaffrey at No. 8 Updated: Thursday, April 27 2017 9:55 PM EDT2017-04-28 01:55:23 GMT Stanford running back Christian McCaffrey during NFL football pro day Thursday, March 23, 2017, in Stanford, Calif. (AP Photo/Eric Risberg) McCaffrey matches Tim Biakabutuka (No. 8 in 1996) as the highest selected running back ever taken by the Panthers. More >> McCaffrey matches Tim Biakabutuka (No. 8 in 1996) as the highest selected running back ever taken by the Panthers.More >>    Can't Find Something? 1 Julian Price Pl. Charlotte, NC 28208 (704) 374-3500 FCC Public File publicfile@wbtv.com (704) 374-3788 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
News Hampton Company founded by Hampton native wins $12 million verdict against Wal-Mart Company founded by Hampton native wins $12 million verdict against Wal-Mart A small California company founded by a Hampton High School graduate has won a $12.4 million federal jury verdict against Wal-Mart Stores — with the jury declaring that the world's largest retailer was "willful and malicious" in misappropriating the smaller firm's trade secrets in 2014. Cuker Interactive, a San Diego company founded by former Hampton resident Aaron G. Cuker, landed the award after a two-week jury trial in U.S. District Court in the Western District of Arkansas. A small California company founded by a Hampton High School graduate has won a $12.4 million federal jury verdict against Wal-Mart Stores — with the jury declaring that the world's largest retailer was "willful and malicious" in misappropriating the smaller firm's trade secrets in 2014. Cuker Interactive, a San Diego company founded by former Hampton resident Aaron G. Cuker, landed the award after a two-week jury trial in U.S. District Court in the Western District of Arkansas. Peter DujardinContact Reporterpdujardin@dailypress.com Privacy Policy A small California company founded by a Hampton High School graduate has won a $12.4 million federal jury verdict against Wal-Mart Stores Inc. — with the jury declaring that the world's largest retailer was "willful and malicious" in misappropriating the smaller firm's trade secrets in 2014. Cuker Interactive LLC, a San Diego company founded by former Hampton resident Aaron G. Cuker, landed the award after a two-week jury trial in U.S. District Court in the Western District of Arkansas. In an interview Tuesday, Cuker said the retail giant ripped off his company's trade secrets — designed to improve customers' experience on websites — and made sure they ended up in the hands of a lower-cost technology firm in India. "They came in and they pillaged our technology and know-how and took it over to a lower-cost provider," said Cuker, the company's CEO and chief creative officer. "That takes away our competitive edge in the marketplace — and in the process, their goal was to destroy us." Cuker said it was during 2014 litigation over a contract and payments dispute that he learned of some of Wal-Mart's actions. For example, he said, he learned that some of the supposed "Wal-Mart employees" in on multiple conference calls with his firm in early 2014 were in fact employees from an Indian competitor who were on the call with the retailer's knowledge. Aaron Cuker Courtesy Aaron Cuker Aaron G. Cuker, the CEO and chief creative officer of the Cuker Agency, a San Diego company that just won a $12.4 million jury verdict against Wal-Mart Stores. Aaron G. Cuker, the CEO and chief creative officer of the Cuker Agency, a San Diego company that just won a $12.4 million jury verdict against Wal-Mart Stores. (Courtesy Aaron Cuker) "We were going over the technology," Cuker said. "So (Wal-Mart) had people on the call ... as we were walking through it." That Indian firm, Cuker said, charges only a fifth of a U.S. provider's price. "I was really upset," he said. "We signed a confidentiality agreement between the parties. So I wouldn't have expected (Wal-Mart) to do that — the same way they wouldn't have wanted me to take their confidential information and give it to Target or Amazon." Cuker's lead attorney, Callie Ann Bjurstrom, of the San Diego law firm of Pillsbury Winthrop Shaw Pittman, termed the verdict "gratifying." PDF: Jury verdict form in Wal-Mart case Document PDF: Jury verdict form in Wal-Mart caseDownload Now "The jury got it right," she said of the verdict. ”This company, Cuker, we ought to be really proud of them. They stood up to a formidable opponent. Wal-Mart is the biggest retail company in the world, and they have unlimited resources. What happened to Cuker was a very clear case of right and wrong. They tried to crush them. … You had a company that bullied a small vendor, that came out loud and clear at trial.” She added: "They wanted the technology that Cuker had, didn’t want to pay the rates that Cuker would charge, and essentially took advantage of them. Took their trade secrets and sent their technology overseas to lower-cost providers and undercut the rates that Cuker would charge. … Wal-Mart just used and abused and stole from them.” A key moment at the trial, Bjurstrom said, came when Aaron Cuker testified about a tense 2014 phone call in which a Wal-Mart official, Alex Alexander, told him, "We will have our legal team destroy you." During Alexander's deposition — a recording of which was played for the jury at the 10-day trial — Alexander "danced around it and then denied it," Bjursrom said. "But the jury didn't believe him." Wal-Mart's lead attorney on the case, Neal Manne, of Houston, Texas, declined to comment on the jury's decision, referring a call to Wal-Mart public relations. "We respectfully disagree with the verdict," Wal-Mart spokesman Randy Hargrove, from the company's headquarters in Bentonville, Ark., said in a prepared statement. "In our view, the finding and damages awarded are not supported by the facts. We believe the verdict wrongfully holds Wal-Mart responsible for taking the very materials which Cuker transferred or licensed to us under contract." He added: "We are considering all options, including an appeal." As for Cuker's assertion about the Indian workers -- that they posed as Wal-Mart employees on conference calls with the retailer's blessing -- Hargrove said: "We disagree with Mr. Cuker's statement." In response to Bjurstrom's description of the phone call between Cuker and Alexander, Hargrove said: "Wal-Mart disagrees with the characterization of Mr. Alexander's testimony." Cuker, 36, a 1999 graduate of Hampton High School, moved with his family to Hampton when he was 7 years old. He's the son of two educators: Benjamin Cuker, a professor of marine and environmental science at Hampton University; and Dawn Gerbing, a health and medical sciences teacher at the George P. Phenix PreK-8 School in Hampton. After excelling in swimming in Hampton Roads and attending the University of Kentucky on a swimming scholarship, Aaron Cuker moved to San Diego after graduation in 2003, in part because he enjoyed surfing in the Southern California waters. He founded Cuker Interactive with a colleague, Adel Atalla, in 2006. Over the years, he said, the company developed "mobile responsive technology" — designed to allow a website's interface to adapt to whether it's being accessed on a mobile phone, tablet or traditional laptop or desktop computer. For example, the technology makes it so that a traditional website adapts to a smartphone, eliminating the need for a user to download a specific "App" for that particular retailer. "We were kind of the first to market for this mobile technology," Cuker said. "As a result, we were invited to give some talks around the country." In January 2014, Cuker gave a presentation at the National Retail Federation's annual show, in New York City. After hearing the presentation, Alexander, Wal-Mart's "multi-channel technology director," for ASDA — Wal-Mart's United Kingdom-division — approached Cuker, he said. At first, Alexander suggested that Cuker Interactive train Wal-Mart workers on the technology, but Cuker quickly nixed that idea. "I said, 'No, we don't go around training on the technology we develop. We can implement this for you.'" Soon enough, Wal-Mart and Cuker Interactive entered into a contract to convert ASDA Groceries website in the UK to a "mobile responsive" site. "They made a bunch of promises," Cuker said. "They said, 'We'll be able to have you do all these different sites all over the world.'" Months later, however, the two sides disputed sharply over payments and how much was owed for the work that was done. "They held payment and ... just kept demanding more work" and demanding the computer codes the company worked on, Cuker said. "They insisted on more work and withheld payent, and then when it came down to the end of it, they say, 'You know, we’re ready to pay, ready to make it right,'" Cuker said. "And we said, 'OK, pay us what’s owed and then we will give you all the delivery of all the code. They refused to make the payment, and we witheld the code for a little bit." But, Cuker said, "We eventually gave it to them because they said they would have their legal team destroy us if we didn’t hand over the code." The dispute eventually ended up in federal court, in Fayetteville, Ark. Wal-Mart initially filed a breach of contract claim in state court in Arkansas, but it was moved to federal court in August 2014, with that claim remaining under seal in U.S. District Court there. Cuker Interactive then filed a "counterclaim," asserting that Wal-Mart "demanded more and more from Cuker" and that the retailer got three times the work that the initial contract called for.           On Friday, the jury found that Wal-Mart "misappropriated trade secrets" of Cuker Interactive in four different crucial technology areas — awarding the company $12 million in damages. The jury also awarded Cuker $400,000 for "services unjustly received by Wal-Mart" and $30,000 in the breach of contract dispute. Wal-Mart could be ordered to pay Cuker's attorney fees on most of the $12 million in damages. That's because the jury found that Wal-Mart's actions were "willful and malicious" in its actions related to $9.2 million of those damages.   Aaron Cuker said he thinks Wal-Mart tried to strong-arm him because he was "young and small," and that they underestimated him and his company's resolve. But he said he always thought the trial would turn out in his favor. "I had faith that at the end of the day, justice will prevail," he said. "There were days at trial that I was a little bit nervous, yeah. But I never lost the belief that the right outcome would happen." "I do want the next guy in my shoes to think twice before he engages them in business," Cuker said of Wal-Mart. "We put everything over the past three years into being able to fight this — every penny, every ounce of energy -- and we were able to survive." Dujardin can be reached by phone at 757-247-4749. Copyright © 2017, Daily Press Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. University of Kentucky Family drops lawsuit over industrial accident that killed worker in Hampton Without a driver's license and deep in debt to the courts, poor Virginians hope for fine collection reforms Newport News man pleads guilty in 4-year-old girl's death Top Videos Communities Trending Contact us Obits Sports Fun Share Advertise 71°
Sections News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 78° © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Local News News U.S. World News Unusual Politics News Politics Weather Good Day Trending Traffic Sports Health Entertainment Contests About Us Community WRBW My65 Videos Large alligator crosses busy Tavares road Search for 2 suspects in Orlando shooting Massive brush fire in Volusia County Photos Weather Babies: April 24 to April 28 Weather Babies: April 17 to April 21 Weather Babies: April 10 to April 14 © Copyright 2000 - 2016 Fox Television Stations, LLC. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad ChoicesPublic File Sanford Police arrest sexual offender in February sexual battery Posted:Apr 26 2017 10:04AM EDT Updated:Apr 26 2017 06:40PM EDT Sanford Police arrest sexual offender in February sexual battery Local News Sanford Police arrest sexual offender for February kidnapping and sexual battery Sanford Police have arrested a sexual offender on charges of kidnapping and sexual battery, stemming from an incident in February. Related Stories Large alligator crosses busy Tavares road Search for Orlando shooting suspects Eustis hosts Moving Wall Vietnam Veterans Memorial Consumer alert: Company asking for school donation SANFORD, Fla. (FOX 35 WOFL) - Sanford Police have arrested a sexual offender on charges of kidnapping and sexual battery, stemming from an incident in February. Sanford police officers on Feb. 8 responded to a reported sexual battery outside a Walmart on South Orlando Drive.   According to the 15-year-old victim, a man threatened her at knife-point to get inside a car.  The man then drove her to an area near Washington Oaks, where he forced her to engage in sexual intercourse, according to police. They said he drove the victim back to the Walmart and told her not to tell anyone about the incident.  The results of the sexual battery kit returned a positive identification for Samuel Lee Hardy Jr.  Hardy was released on sexual offender status from the Department of Corrections on February 17, 2016.  Hardy was previously convicted and sentenced to six years for having sex with minors. Hardy was arrested on Wednesday and charged with one count of kidnapping, one count of forced sexual battery with a weapon on a victim 12 years or older, and two counts of violation of probation.  Anyone with information on this incident or others is asked to contact the Sanford Police Department or Crimeline at 800 423-TIPS (8477)   false false false false false false false false false Popular false false false Recent Bucs choose Alabama tight end O.J. Howard Principal sorry for setting up 'smash space' Doctor charged with FGM could face life in prison Man accused of exposing himself to females Coroner: Autopsy of 1-year-old girl inconclusive Stories You May Be Interested In – includes Advertiser Stories false false false All content © Copyright 2000-2015 Fox Television Stations, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
News Local news Breaking News Road rage sparks first fatal shooting on an Illinois tollway, officials say Interstate 88 shooting Illinois State Police, left; John Hector / Chicago Tribune Anthony Tillmon, left, a tow truck driver from Lansing, is accused of fatally shooting a semi-truck driver on Interstate 88 near Oak Brook. Anthony Tillmon, left, a tow truck driver from Lansing, is accused of fatally shooting a semi-truck driver on Interstate 88 near Oak Brook. (Illinois State Police, left; John Hector / Chicago Tribune) Clifford Ward, Robert McCoppin and Nereida MorenoContact ReportersChicago Tribune An apparent road rage incident between a tow truck driver and a semitrailer driver simmered for miles along a west suburban tollway until the tow truck driver opened fire and killed the man driving the semi, authorities said Wednesday. Anthony Tillmon, 34, of Lansing, appeared in DuPage County bond court Wednesday, charged with the first-degree murder of Eduardo Munoz, 43, of Northlake, who was shot to death along Interstate 88, near the Interstate 294 interchange around 4:50 p.m. Friday. It is believed to be the first fatal shooting on an Illinois tollway, said Capt. Bob Meeder, commander of Illinois State Police District 15, which patrols the tollways. "The public needs to understand that getting involved in a road rage incident never leads to a good result," State's Attorney Robert Berlin said. Prosecutors said Tillmon eluded police for four days after the shooting before surrendering Tuesday. He has not given a statement to police, Berlin said. Authorities do not know what sparked the altercation but said there's no indication Tillmon and Munoz knew each other before the incident. Witnesses reported the tow truck driver and Munoz appeared to be flailing their arms and yelling at each other for more than 3 miles before the shooting, which took place near Oak Brook. Witnesses said the tow truck driver reached across his passenger seat and fired multiple shots before driving off, prosecutors said. Munoz, who was hit three times, was able to safely bring his semi to a halt, an act that Berlin said likely averted tremendous damage or injury to other motorists. Munoz was still in the cab of his truck when paramedics responded. He was taken to Elmhurst Hospital; he died of his wounds. Authorities said Tillmon was a longtime employee of Wes's Service, a Calumet City towing company, and that GPS and I-Pass records place the tow truck Tillmon was driving that day at the scene of the shooting. At Wednesday's bond hearing, Assistant State's Attorney Jim French outlined the evidence authorities say tie Tillmon to the crime. Police allege that after the shooting, Tillmon drove to a Wal-Mart parking lot in Lansing and met his girlfriend, driving in her car to her residence so he could "clean up." The girlfriend later dropped Tillmon at the tow yard, and another employee drove him to the Wal-Mart so he could retrieve his truck, French said. Eduardo Munoz Provided by Michele Salerno Eduardo Munoz with fiancee Michele Salerno. Anthony Tillmon, 34, of Lansing, has been charged with the first-degree murder of Munoz, who was shot to death along Interstate 88 near Oak Brook. Eduardo Munoz with fiancee Michele Salerno. Anthony Tillmon, 34, of Lansing, has been charged with the first-degree murder of Munoz, who was shot to death along Interstate 88 near Oak Brook. (Provided by Michele Salerno) A search of the tow truck yielded a 9 mm shell casing, along with Tillmon's green work vest emblazoned with his nickname, Hank, the prosecutor said. Witnesses described the tow truck driver wearing a green vest, French noted. Employees of the company, according to prosecutors, said Tillmon had recently showed off a pistol. Berlin said, though, that authorities have not recovered the weapon. Rory McGinty, an attorney representing Wes's, said Tillmon had been a 10-year employee with no previous incidents and a good employment record. "We've got no explanation for this," he said. He said the company has a policy that explicitly bars its drivers from carrying guns. Tillmon's mother, Willa Tillmon, reached by phone, said she didn't have a chance to talk to her son about the incident, but his boss at the towing company got him to get an attorney and turn himself in. "I don't think he meant for that to happen," she said. "It hurts, because I feel for both of them. I hate this happened. I try to put it in the hands of the Lord." Anthony Tillmon's grandmother, Anna Tillmon, 83, reached by phone at her home in Chicago's Englewood neighborhood, said he had lived with her at times growing up. He graduated high school in Bloomington and was never in gangs or in trouble to her knowledge. "He was no bad boy," she said. "He never was no trouble." Anthony Tillmon was convicted last year for speeding 15-25 mph over the limit, but otherwise had no driving citations, the Illinois secretary of state's office said. Munoz's fiancee, Michele Salerno, said at the time of the shooting he was on his way to Northlake, where he grew up and still lived, after being on the road during the week. He had a commercial driver's license in Florida, records show. Salerno said she met Munoz in fifth grade when they both attended Roy Elementary School in Northlake. He later attended West Leyden High School and had three grown children, a granddaughter and a grandson on the way, she said. Man held in lieu of $3 million bond in alleged road rage shooting on I-88 Clifford Ward and Nereida Moreno A tow truck driver and a semitrailer driver apparently engaged in a road rage argument for several miles before the tow truck driver opened fire and killed the Northlake man driving the semi, authorities said Wednesday. More details emerged during the bond hearing for Anthony Tillmon, 34, of Lansing,... A tow truck driver and a semitrailer driver apparently engaged in a road rage argument for several miles before the tow truck driver opened fire and killed the Northlake man driving the semi, authorities said Wednesday. More details emerged during the bond hearing for Anthony Tillmon, 34, of Lansing,... (Clifford Ward and Nereida Moreno) "We've been together for a long time. We were just talking, looking for rings, planning, finally getting at a point in our lives where we can enjoy ourselves, and this is what happens," Salerno said. "We had a lot of plans." Munoz was an active member of U-Turn Covenant Church in Northlake, according to the Rev. Larry Perez, who had known Munoz through the church for about five years. He called Munoz's death "devastating." There were two road rage shootings on the south Tri-State Tollway last year, in which vehicles were shot, but no people, Meeder said. Illinois State Police Master Sgt. Matthew Boerwinkle said there have been fewer shootings on the tollways than Chicago expressways, possibly because of greater oversight. "The tollway has a high police presence, license plate readers, and high-definition cameras that can photograph a license plate and the driver's face," he said. "It makes for a safer roadway." Meeder said Tillmon's arrest demonstrated that people who commit gun violence on Illinois expressways will be held accountable. Trucker from Northlake shot on I-88 'loved serving,' pastor says Erin Gallagher The 43-year-old man who was fatally shot last week while driving a truck on Interstate 88 in Oak Brook was remembered as hardworking, active in his church and having a big smile. Eduardo Munoz was shot about 4:05 p.m. Friday while driving east on I-88, Illinois State Police said. His fiancee, Michele... The 43-year-old man who was fatally shot last week while driving a truck on Interstate 88 in Oak Brook was remembered as hardworking, active in his church and having a big smile. Eduardo Munoz was shot about 4:05 p.m. Friday while driving east on I-88, Illinois State Police said. His fiancee, Michele... (Erin Gallagher) "The loss of life through violence is never acceptable," Meeder said at a news conference after the bond hearing. DuPage County Judge Joseph Bugos ordered Tillmon held in lieu of $3 million bail. If convicted of first-degree murder, Tillmon faces a minimum sentence of 45 years in prison and a maximum term of life imprisonment. His next court appearance was set for May 22. Clifford Ward is a freelance reporter. Nereida Moreno and Robert McCoppin are Chicago Tribune reporters. Freelance reporter Erin Gallagher contributed. rmccoppin@chicagotribune.com nmoreno@chicagotribune.com Copyright © 2017, Chicago Tribune Crime Shootings Homicide Shooting on I-88 kills Florida truck driver near Oak Brook 11 wounded in South, West side shootings Map: Where shootings occur in Chicago Sports Breaking Eat.Drink.Do. Trending Opinion Suburbs Entertainment Advertising 42°
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox Business Home Markets Politics Features Media & Advertising Cloud Innovation Business Leaders Technology FBN TV SHOWS ANCHORS & REPORTERS SCHEDULE VIDEO Search Tech Giants Alphabet and Amazon Extend Earnings Boom ADVERTISEMENT On Our Radar Refresh Close On Our Radar Load More Tech Giants Alphabet and Amazon Extend Earnings Boom By Rolfe Winkler and Laura Stevens Published April 27, 2017 Features Dow Jones Newswires Facebook Twitter Print Amazon.com Inc. and Google parent Alphabet Inc. reported booming quarterly sales and profits, showing that the tech giants continue to extend their dominance and shuck off concerns that might have dampened growth. Continue Reading Below Alphabet on Thursday said net profit in the latest period grew 29%, with no indications yet of an impact from a backlash that began late in the quarter from advertisers worried about their brands appearing near objectionable content online. Amazon, meanwhile, said first-quarter profit jumped 41%, marking its eighth straight quarter in the black, even as it continues to pour investment into expansion in new areas. Amazon's longest earnings streak since 2012 affirmed confidence among investors -- who had already driven its shares up 53% in the past year -- that Amazon has turned into a profit machine as well as a growth machine. Alphabet Chief Financial Officer Ruth Porat said success in its core operations is helping it expand in other areas. "The strong performance in our advertising business allows us to take bigger bets within Google to fuel the growth of additional revenue streams," she said. Strong results from Microsoft Corp. and Intel Corp. provided further evidence that technology's juggernauts have nurtured businesses they helped found, such as cloud computing, e-commerce and online advertising, into full industries. Still, the industry is entering a time period of heavier investments as autonomous vehicles, drones and robots take off, which analysts warn could consume more capital resources. And the increasingly prominent position the tech giants occupy in society as well as in business exposes them to new kinds of risks, such as the broadcasting of violent episodes on Facebook Inc.'s live video tool. Continue Reading Below ADVERTISEMENT A fuller picture of the tech industry's health will come next week when Apple Inc. and Facebook report quarterly results. Amazon and Alphabet's stocks hit new highs in after-hours trading. The boost to Alphabet's market cap was about $25 billion -- equivalent to the value of Snap Inc., the parent company of Snapchat, the mobile messaging service that went public last month. "They're becoming bigger and bigger and their growth rates are unchanged, " said RBC Capital Markets analyst Mark Mahaney, noting that Alphabet has increased revenue in its core segment by at least 20% every quarter for seven straight years and Amazon has done the same for over four years. Google credited its growth to the strength of its advertising business on mobile phones and on its YouTube video site. It seemed to avert a crisis when advertisers discovered in recent weeks that their brands appeared alongside offensive content on YouTube. Major companies including Coca-Cola Co. and Wal-Mart Stores Inc. pulled their ad spending from Google except for targeted search ads. That boycott didn't dent Google's growth: Advertising revenue jumped 19% in the first quarter to $21.4 billion. Sundar Pichai, chief executive of Google, said the company had done "thousands and thousands of calls" with advertisers to address the issue, pointing to new "safeguards" to address their concerns. The impact of the protest could be felt more in the second quarter, if it picks up steam. In recent years, Google's growth engine has shifted from its traditional search advertising on desktop computers to mobile advertising, YouTube and automated ad-buying systems. The number of paid clicks on Google's ads soared 44% in the first quarter compared with the year-ago period, benefiting from rising mobile-first internet usage. Google has come to dominate the online advertising market along with Facebook. The digital giants accounted for an estimated 77% of the U.S. online advertising market in 2016, up from 72% the year before, said Pivotal Research analyst Brian Wieser, analyzing data published by the Interactive Advertising Bureau. Google and Facebook captured 99% of the online ad industry's revenue growth in 2016, estimated Mr. Wieser. On balance the rest of the industry was flat. The question plaguing Amazon was whether the online retail giant could sustain its growth despite substantial spending on everything from international expansion to video content. Amazon has long plowed most of its revenue back into product development and operations, including massive warehouses to speed products to customers. In recent periods Amazon has shown some spending discipline while it expands its operations overseas, bolsters its shipping infrastructure and broadens its library of movies and shows. Analysts expect the phase to last at least through mid-2018, in part due to Amazon's promise to hire 130,000 U.S. workers during that time frame. A big piece of that spending is coming in international markets like Mexico and India, where the company is building out its Prime offerings and competing against heavily entrenched incumbents. The international business has been stuck in the red in recent quarters. That remained the case in the first quarter, as the division reported an operating loss of $481 million. Sales increased 15.6% to $11.06 billion. Amazon's financial chief, Brian Olsavsky, said the company is boosting investments in a number of areas, including in video content, its Echo personal-assistant speakers and its Prime subscription program. Amazon is also investing heavily in warehouses due to strong growth for its business fulfilling orders for sellers on its site. "We're continuing to look for things that customers love, that can grow to be large, that we think will provide strong financial returns in the long run, and that also can last for decades," Mr. Olsavsky said. One of those areas is transportation. The retail giant has also started laying the groundwork for its own shipping business to add capacity for itself, with the grander ambition of one day hauling and delivering packages for itself, other retailers and consumers, according to people familiar with the matter. In the first quarter, Amazon said it is building its first air hub in Kentucky. It is also planning to add airfreight capacity for Chinese customers. The company is leasing up to 40 planes, with 18 planes currently in service, and has more than 4,000 dedicated truck trailer hitches as it aims to move more of its goods itself. And it has rolled out delivery in as little as an hour to more than 45 cities across eight countries. Shipping costs rose 34% in the first quarter to $4.38 billion, a lower rate compared with a year ago. "The ability to control shipments within our network has gone up and we think the cost is very good," Mr. Olsavsky said. Analysts flagged one concern for Amazon in the quarter: Growth in the company's all-important Amazon Web Services division continued to shrink. The decade-old cloud-services operation, which rents computing power to a variety of startups, government agencies and other corporations, has become a major factor in Amazon's recent streak of profitability. The division is facing tougher competition from Microsoft and Google, prompting concerns about whether the growth can continue on pace -- especially amid price wars. Microsoft's Azure cloud-computing business again posted torrid growth on Thursday as corporate customers adopt the service to handle larger pieces of their computing operations. Office 365, the online version of Microsoft's widely used productivity software, reported huge gains as well, as businesses increasingly subscribe to email, word-processing and spreadsheet applications that run in Microsoft's data centers. Intel posted an increase in first-quarter profit, helped by an uptick in PC demand. CEO Brian Krzanich said selling price strength across nearly every segment of the business in the quarter "demonstrates continued demand for high-performance computing, which will only increase with the explosion of data." --Jay Greene and Ted Greenwald contributed to this article. Write to Rolfe Winkler at rolfe.winkler@wsj.com and Laura Stevens at laura.stevens@wsj.com (END) Dow Jones Newswires April 27, 2017 20:17 ET (00:17 GMT) Fox Business Markets Politics Features FBN TV About Fox Business Channel Finder Advertise With Us Jobs Internships New Terms of Use (What's new) New Privacy Policy FAQ Media Relations Closed Captioning Policy Accessibility Statement Quotes delayed at least 15 minutes. Real-time quotes provided by BATS BZX Real-Time Price. Market Data provided by Interactive Data (Terms & Conditions). Powered and Implemented by Interactive Data Managed Solutions. Company fundamental data provided by Morningstar. Earnings estimates data provided by Zacks. Mutual fund and ETF data provided by Lipper. Economic data provided by Econoday. Dow Jones & Company Terms & Conditions. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. FAQ - Privacy Policy
Skip to Navigation Skip to Content IndustryWeek Search: Register Log In Display name or email address: * Password: * Remember me Forgot Your Password? close Subscribe: Magazine Newsletters Store Webinars White Papers Videos Apps Advertise Leadership Change Management Companies & Executives Corporate Culture Corporate Responsibility Growth Strategies Strategic Planning & Execution Global Economy Competitiveness Demographics Emerging Markets Environment Legislation Public Policy Regulations Trade Operations Energy Management Lean / Six Sigma Maintenance Quality Safety Finance Budgeting & Reporting Corporate Finance & Tax Cost Management & BPM Governance, Risk & Compliance Software & Systems Treasury & Cash Management Workforce Compensation Strategies Education / Training Engagement Labor / Employment Policy Recruiting / Retention Teamwork Innovation Intellectual Property Process Improvement Product Development Research & Development Supply Chain Customer Relationships Inventory Management Logistics Planning & Forecasting Procurement Supplier Relationships Transportation Warehousing and Distribution Technology Automation Digital Tools Emerging Technologies Energy Information Technology Machine Tools Robotics Systems Integration Expansion Management Industry Clusters Strategic Siting Resources IW 1000 IW US 500 IW 50 Best US Manufacturers IW Manufacturing Hall of Fame IW Salary Survey IW Best Plants IW Manufacturing & Technology Show IW Best Practices Reports IW Industry Reports Benchmarking Associations Glossary Advertisement Home > Supply Chain > Transportation > The New Logistics Competition for the Last Mile The New Logistics Competition for the Last Mile Apr 27, 2017 Tom Mayor and Talley Lambert, KPMG EMAIL Tweet Comments 0 Industry-shaping changes are coming to the supply chain as autonomous vehicles and same-day delivery offer new alternatives to traditional services. Fleet of autonomous hybrid trucks driving on highway. (Thinkstock) Advertisement Global consulting firm KPMG anticipates that as early as 2030, a new mobility services segment will emerge worth well over $1 trillion dollars for products and services related to autonomy, mobility and connectivity. According to KPMG’s 2017 Global Automotive Executive Study, which polled nearly 1,000 executives with the world’s leading automotive companies, 76% say just one connected vehicle generates more revenue streams than 10 conventional vehicles. At the center of this revolution are emerging deep learning and artificial intelligence (AI) tools; sensor technologies that let trucks, vans or material handling equipment “see”; on-board supercomputers that allow them to become autonomous; near-ubiquitous over-the-air connectivity; and a set of new business models that unlock value from all of that technology.  Even in advance of autonomous vehicles we are beginning to see the early impacts of these technologies in the e-commerce and delivery sectors. Following the success of Uber (which today can get a car to 67% of the U.S. population within 10 minutes), Amazon launched its Amazon Flex application, which opens up last-mile parcel delivery to everyday vehicle owners as a similar transportation service on-demand. In conjunction with an expanding footprint of regional distribution centers and a growing fleet of Prime Air freighters, Amazon promises to change the game in parcel delivery—lowering delivery costs while simultaneously enabling same-day delivery in major metro markets. Already, Amazon-owned assets selectively service up to 44% of the U.S. population. Popular Now How to Reduce Costs through Supply Chain Network Optimization Top 10 Manufacturing Countries in 2020 The 13 Principles Of Lean Product Development Moreover, with the growing sophistication of e-commerce data collection capabilities and advances in deep learning and AI, large online retailers like Amazon and Walmart.com will likely be able to understand customer order patterns and predict demand far better than ever before, enabling them to invest even more in forward-deployed, local inventory. This could put even more pressure on the parcel delivery players. As online retailers are able to fulfill more customer demand cheaply and quickly from local warehouses, they could need much less of one of the most profitable services of the major parcel delivery firms: overnight shipping. Ironically, while Amazon’s investment in Prime Air acknowledges the criticality of overnight delivery today, Amazon’s investments in understanding customer behavior might serve to undermine that criticality tomorrow. Deployed together, these emerging technologies offer potentially powerful alternatives to the integrated parcel delivery business models that today predominate. It is not just USPS, FedEx and UPS that need to beware, however—“same-day delivery” is a game-changer for retail. With more products able to be reliably ordered for delivery “this afternoon,” brick-and-mortar retail traffic and volumes will suffer. As “same-day assortment” and selection improves, those e-retailers without the scale and volumes to deeply understand customer demand and forward deploy local inventories into major metro markets will be at a disadvantage in product categories and customer segments where immediacy of fulfillment dominates product feature or assortment. In long-haul trucking the potential may be as profound. Early pilots by Daimler, Otto (Uber) and others have demonstrated the feasibility of fully autonomous on-highway operation and offer the potential to safely open up four to six productive, on-road travel hours a day during which today’s two-driver rigs are parked for crew rest—often while idling and burning fuel to maintain cabin AC or heat. Platooning experiments by others such as Peloton are reporting on-highway fuel savings of 7-14% with vehicle-to-vehicle communications systems that allow multi-truck convoys to safely draft off of one another, slaving one or more rigs to the control of a lead truck. These are giant levers of profitability, with driver wages and fuel cost currently accounting for approximately 65% of operating cost per mile. The economic and societal potential is fantastic and will likely reshape the trucking and logistics industries. Higher rig utilizations and reduced on-highway fuel consumption will erode some of today’s rail and intermodal cost advantages and in so doing open up more time-critical loads to the trucking industry. New, lower-cost last-mile options will open additional home and small-office delivery markets. More local, targeted deployment of inventory will reduce the need for overnight air shipping, simultaneously lowering the cost and increasing the speed of delivery. Already in some global markets, we’re seeing reduced personal vehicle transit for shopping missions in favor of home delivery. It’s not just the technology that is changing. Consumers are increasingly responding to these new models. In fact, the rapid development and adoption of these technologies fuels and is fueled in part by the similarly rapid evolution of customer purchasing behaviors, including the demand for ever-faster fulfillment, the increasing expectation of free or very-low-cost delivery, the willingness—even eagerness—to purchase online (including once “off-limits” items like fresh fruits and vegetables), and the acceptance of novel delivery mechanisms. Consider, for example, some of the manifestations of the “sharing economy,” in which consumers sleep in strangers’ homes (e.g., AirBNB), get into strangers’ cars (Uber, Lyft), and routinely allow strangers without uniforms (e.g., Uber Rush) to deliver packages to and in some cases into their homes. Industry-shaping change is coming to retailing, consumer products, logistics and trucking as a start. First-movers are likely to be able to apply cost and speed advantages to grow share from late adopters. Success (or even survival) requires a clear view of where the market is likely to evolve to, thoughtfulness around changes to your go-to-market and organizational structures, a broad understanding of technology options, active engagement with potential new partners or acquisition candidates, and a focus on applying new technologies or business models to create an engine for sustained growth.   Tom Mayor is the national strategy leader for KPMG’s Industrial Manufacturing practice. He holds an MBA from Dartmouth College’s Tuck School of Business and focuses on supply and manufacturing strategy, operations turnaround, purchasing and supply base management, with a focus on automotive, aerospace and industrial clients. Talley Lambert leads the Operations group in KMPG’s Strategy Practice. He focuses on growth and operations strategy and has experience helping clients deal with disruptive change. He works mostly with industrial and automotive clients. Talley holds an MBA from Harvard Business School. Print reprints Favorite EMAIL Tweet Please Log In or Register to post comments. Advertisement Related Articles Last Mile: The New Frontier in the Retail Supply Chain Wal-Mart Testing Drones in Warehouse, Using Uber for Last Mile Delivery Customer Feedback Is Overrated and Other Myths of Last-Mile Delivery Service Renault Drives Out of Last Year's Slump Micro-hold: The Last Great Frontier for Reducing Process Time and Waste Supply Chain Category Sponsored by Arcbest Logistics doesn’t have to be complicated. Welcome to Simplistics™. Welcome to ArcBest℠. With decades of industry expertise, we can handle even the most complex challenges seamlessly and simply. www.arcb.com/simplistics THE LATEST The New Logistics Competition for the Last Mile Tool and Dying: Auto Leaders, From Ford to FCA, Brainstorm on Saving the Shops that Sustain Them Trump Administration Opens Trade Investigation on Aluminum Ford Sharpening Sales Pitch as Driverless Car Wager Underwhelms US Durable-goods Orders Rose Less Than Forecast Trump Rules Out Swift NAFTA Exit in Favor of Renegotiation More Advertisement Manufacturing Leader of the Week Apr 18, 2017 News Vitamix’s Secret to Success: Workforce has Zest for Life 1 "We want our company to be a vehicle to release, unshackle, nurture and support people’s experiences to heighten the flavor of all aspects of their lives,” says Jodi Berg, CEO of Vitamix....More View All Trending on IndustryWeek Trump Rules Out Swift NAFTA Exit in Favor of Renegotiation Nine Things You Should Probably Know From the 2017 Verizon Data Breach Investigations Report GE Keeps Its Checkbook Handy After All-in Bet on 3-D Printing Forget Flying Cars. Google's Brin Secretly Builds an Airship Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership -- The Productivity Equations IW Webinars Manufacturing Trends: IndustryWeek/PwC Webinar Series Digital Efficiency -- Unlocking the Low-Carbon Economy What is Collaborative Manufacturing? Driving Speed and Quality in Your Enterprise How to Develop a Corporate Culture that Drives Operational Excellence Leverage Workforce Management to Drive Hourly Employee Engagement & Productivity View All Hot Topics Trump and Manufacturing The Changing Automotive Landscape IoT and the Digitization of Manufacturing Skilled Worker Shortage Ask the Expert: Lean Leadership Cloud Computing -- Sponsored by Plex The Connected Enterprise -- Sponsored by Rockwell Automation Industry Intelligence Market Reports Advertisement IW White Papers Enriched Data Accelerates the Realization of Smart Manufacturing Priming the Pipeline Premier Integration Leveraging Modern Data Science for Competitive Advantage Food Manufacturing Report: Enabling Farm-to-Table Track & Traceability with Mobile Technologies More   Advertisement More from MH&L Global Supply Chain Advertisement Advertisement Sponsored Links Sponsored Links IndustryWeek.com Leadership Global Economy Operations Finance Workforce Innovation Supply Chain Technology Expansion Management Resources Site Features Media Center RSS Sitemap Site Archive Newsletters View Mobile Site IndustryWeek Corporate Contact IndustryWeek Privacy Policy Terms of Service IndustryWeek Brand Guidelines Follow Us Twitter Facebook Google+ LinkedIn RSS Search IndustryWeek.com Search: Industry Week Subscribe Current Issue Past Issues   Related IndustryWeek Sites IW Best Plants Conference New Equipment Digest Business Finance American Machinist Material Handling & Logistics Foundry Management & Technology EHS Today Forging Used Equipment Directory Welding Design & Fabrication Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Copyright © 2017 Penton
Home News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment Elections News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week Diamond Kings Big 22 Starting Five Report It Community Community Events Community Resources Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Contests Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Obituaries 48° F Few Clouds Hi: 81° F Lo: 47° F Youngstown Radar Current Conditions Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment Elections News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW Latest Headlines LA production company wants to shoot thriller movie in Youngstown April 27, 2017 But it wants a $2 million loan from the city to get it done. One step closer to grocery store building on Austintown bar’s land 12:06 am The zoning commission approved building a Lidl grocery store at the corner of Mahoning Avenue and Wilcox Road where the Pink Elephant now st… Trumbull Co. porch set on fire with couple, baby inside home April 27, 2017 End of steel in Youngstown: Blast furnaces came down 35 years ago April 27, 2017 New Castle’s Hooker drafted by Indianapolis Colts April 27, 2017 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Current Conditions 48° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 46° F Wind: W 5 Humidity: 86% Dewpoint: 44° F Sunrise: 6:25 AM Sunset: 8:15 PM Youngstown Weather Interactive Radar Sponsored by: Sports Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week Diamond Kings Big 22 Starting Five Latest Headlines Thorpe saves the day for Salem in win over South April 27, 2017 Clara Janofa tossed a complete game for Salem allowing just one walk. New Castle’s Hooker drafted by Indianapolis Colts April 27, 2017 New Castle High School grad and former Ohio State standout Malik Hooker was selected #15 overall by the Indianapolis Colts in the 2017 NFL D… The Latest: Saints end 1st round by taking Ryan Ramczyk 12:18 am Gallo & DeFalco lift Niles to victory over Hubbard April 26, 2017 Ridge ends 4-game slide on Rhodes’ GW hit April 26, 2017 Report It Community Community Events Community Resources Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Contests Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Obituaries Search for: Search the site 48° F Few Clouds Hi: 81° F Lo: 47° F One step closer to grocery store building on Austintown bar’s land The zone change still must be approved by the Austintown trustees By Stan Boney Published: April 27, 2017, 11:02 pm Updated: April 28, 2017, 12:06 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) AUSTINTOWN, Ohio (WKBN) – The Austintown Zoning Commission unanimously approved a zone change Thursday evening for land where the Pink Elephant bar now stands, meaning a German-based grocery store chain will eventually be allowed to build on the property. The approval was another step toward building a Lidl grocery store at the corner of Mahoning Avenue and Wilcox Road next to the Austintown Walmart. The commission included a provision that no light be seen where the grocery store meets any adjoining property. Three people were opposed, all of whom live along or off of Wilcox Road. “It’s a narrow two-lane road. Trucks already have problems entering and exiting the Walmart,” John Nock said. Teddi Oberman said it would be at the expense of the residential area nearby. The zone change still must be approved by the Austintown trustees. A public hearing and vote will be scheduled for sometime in May. . Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts German-based grocery store wants to build at site of Austintown bar Meijer pushes back construction in Austintown Buyer wanted: Tiny Oregon town for sale Austintown crime activity: 2 arrested during undercover sex sting Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WKBN 27 First News provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. No links will be permitted. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKBN.com © 1998-2017 WKBN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc | All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Weather Sports MyValleyDeals MyValleyDining Tributes Station Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts WKBN news app WKBN weather app ION Television LAFF Get TV Admin Business Closed Captioning FCC Public File (WKBN) WKBN EEO Report WKBN FCC 398 Children’s Report Privacy Policy Terms of Use Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Explore Craig Contests Classifieds Extra Extra eEdition Your Health Print Subscription Apps Sign in Register Craig Daily Press Jump to content 33° Overcast Hi 45° Lo 22° Home News Local news Your Health Weather Schools and education Agriculture Business Election On the record Faith Obituaries Births Weddings Extra! Extra! Sports Opinion Letters to the editor Columns Submit a letter Discussions Video & Photography Photo Galleries Current Videos Archived Videos Submit a photo Community Submit Anniversary Birth Engagement Letter to Editor News story suggestion Obituary Photos Press release Wedding Classified ad Request Magazines Breaking news alerts E-edition Public notices Pizza thief: On the record for April 25, 26 By Craig Daily Press Staff Report Thursday, April 27, 2017 Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Discuss Comment Advertisement Craig Police Department Tuesday, April 25 2:26 a.m. On the 500 block of Ranney Street, officers responded to a report of verbal domestic violence. 7:06 a.m. At The Memorial Hospital, officers responded to a report of disorderly conduct from a patient related to mental health issues. 9:52 a.m. At the Mudd Shack, officers responded to a report of a disturbance between a Mudd Shack employee and a man who were involved in a personal dispute with each other. Officers separated them. 12:07 p.m. At West Victory Way and Mack Lane, officers responded to a report of a non-injury car crash between a red Honda Civic and Ford F150. One driver was issued a ticket for failure to yield at a stoplight. 3:09 p.m. At Walmart, officers responded to a report of trespass by a party who had been previously trespassed. They were issued a citation. 8:17 p.m. On the 1600 block of Yampa Avenue, officers responded to a disturbance. A man showed up to a residence wanting to collect some property. He did so and left. 9:16 p.m. At the same location, officers responded to second report of a disturbance. The same man returned and now wanted a ride. Officers contacted him and gave him a ride. 9:18 p.m. On the 2200 block of West Third Street, officers responded to a report of a disturbance resulting in the arrest of a woman for a restraining order violation. Wednesday, April 26 3:57 p.m. On the 1000 block of East Seventh Street, officers responded to a report of a verbal disturbance between a man and a woman. They were separated. 4:25 p.m. At the East Kum & Go, officers responded to a report of shoplifting. A woman allegedly took three pieces of pizza and a large soda, then said she didn’t have any money. She also may have tried to steal sunglasses. She was issued a trespass notice. 4:37 p.m. On the 400 block of East Fourth Street, officers responded to a report of a disturbance between a juvenile and their mother. The juvenile was picked up. 5:46 p.m. On the 1100 block of West Sixth Street, officers responded to a report of a theft that turned out to be a civil dispute. Someone had traded a phone for a bike then changed their mind. 7 p.m. On the 600 block of Conner Drive, officers responded to a report of a verbal disturbance between a man and a woman outside the residence. The man left for the evening. 9:10 p.m. On the 900 block of Finley Lane, officers responded to a report of a mother-daughter dispute. More like this story Multiple drug arrests: On the record for March 9, 10 Officers respond to outbreak of arguments throughout Craig: On the record for Jan. 13 Duct-taped Jeep rouses suspicion: On the record for March 22 Kids basketball fuels harassment by sports mom: On the record for Feb. 28 Family dog chews up child’s boots: On the record for April 10 Comments Use the comment form below to begin a discussion about this content. Requires free registration Posting comments requires a free account and verification. Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email > 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Or login with: Connect to Facebook Connect to Twitter Google OpenID Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Tweets from https://twitter.com/craigdailypress/moffat-county Popular stories Suspicions aroused: On the record for April 19, 20 1 comment Craig election 2017: Tax measure fails, Ponikvar wins mayor, Camp top winner in council race 2 comments Lou Hahn: In response to Paul James 3 comments John Pogline: Thanks, Lou Hahn 2 comments CDOT preps for 2018 bridge repairs at east entry to Craig 1 comment John Ponikvar becomes next Craig mayor 1 comment John Kinkaid: Shame on Salt River 1 comment Salt River Project abatements hit Moffat, Routt county pocketbooks 1 comment Advertisement Craig Daily Press News archives / About / Contact / Terms of Use / Privacy Policy / Staff / Public notices ExploreCraig.com Add your business / Feedback / Contact Craighomefinder.com Craig Real Estate Services Advertising / Order a magazine Submit News / Photos / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Birth / Letter to the Editor / Press release Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Craig Daily Press. All rights reserved.
Skip to: Main Content Site Navigation Site Footer Site Search Site Map 2 Last updated: April 28, 2017 APlus Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian Home A Plus Digital Print Edition News Latest News The Nation The World Inquirer Investigations Health & Science Mind Games In Depth Photos Video Podcasts Opinion Columnists Letters Editorials Cartoons Cut & Paste World Commentary Strewth Blogs Business Review News Latest BusinessNow Opinion Companies Dataroom Markets Economics Margin Call Mining & Energy Wealth Aviation Financial Services Legal Affairs The Deal Wall Street Journal Business Spectator Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Broadcast Print Marketing Digital Tech Technology News Opinion Personal Tech Property Commercial Careers National Affairs Politics News Opinion Newspoll data State Politics Policy Climate Defence Foreign Affairs Immigration Education Industrial Relations Indigenous Health Treasury Sport Sport News Opinion Cricket Golf Football Rugby Union Tennis US Sports AFL NRL Motorsport Netball The Times Turf & Thoroughbreds Combat Sport Cycling Basketball Olympics Life Food & Wine Recipes Wine Halliday's Top 100 Hot 50 restaurants Home & Design Prestige Property Motoring Health & Wellbeing Personal Tech Travel Fashion Columnists Magazine Wish Tech Technology News Personal Tech Opinion Arts Arts News Opinion Books Film Stage Visual Arts Television Music Review Travel Higher Ed Higher Ed News Opinion Int'l Students University Rankings Media Media News Opinion Media Diary Print Broadcast Digital Marketing Property You have cookies turned off To use this website, cookies must be enabled in your browser. To enable cookies, follow the instructions for your browser below. Facebook App: Open links in External Browser There is a specific issue with the Facebook in-app browser intermittently making requests to websites without cookies that had previously been set. This appears to be a defect in the browser which should be addressed soon. The simplest approach to avoid this problem is to continue to use the Facebook app but not use the in-app browser. This can be done through the following steps: Open the settings menu by clicking the hamburger menu in the top right Choose “App Settings” from the menu Turn on the option “Links Open Externally” (This will use the device’s default browser) Windows Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 9 Open the Internet Browser Click Tools (or “gear” icon at top right hand corner) > Internet Options > Privacy > Advanced Check Override automatic cookie handling For First-party Cookies and Third-party Cookies click Accept Click OK and OK Enabling Cookies in Internet Explorer 10, 11 Open the Internet Browser Click the Tools button, and then click Internet Options. Click the Privacy tab, and then, under Settings, move the slider to the bottom to allow all cookies, and then click OK. Click OK Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Click Tools > Options > Privacy < Use custom settings for history Check Accept cookies from sites Check Accept third party cookies Select Keep until: they expire Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Click Tools icon Or type in Go to chrome://settings/ to the URL window, hit enter Click ‘Advanced settings’ > Select Privacy > Content settings Check ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘Done’ Mac Enabling Cookies in Firefox Open the Firefox browser Firefox > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘History’ select Firefox will: ‘Use custom settings for history’ Check ‘Accept cookies from sites’ and then check ‘Accept third-party cookies’ Click OK Enabling Cookies in Google Chrome Open the Google Chrome browser Chrome > Preferences Click ‘Show advanced settings…’ at the bottom. Under Privacy select ‘Content settings…’ Under ‘Cookies’ select ‘Allow local data to be set (recommended)’ Click ‘OK’ Enabling Cookies in Safari In Safari Safari > Preferences Click ‘Privacy’ tab Under ‘Block cookies’ check ‘Never’ Enabling Cookies in Mobile Safari (iPhone, iPad) Go to the Home screen by pressing the Home button or by unlocking your phone/iPad Select the Settings icon. Select Safari from the settings menu. Select ‘accept cookies’ from the safari menu. Select ‘from visited’ from the accept cookies menu. Press the home button to return the the iPhone home screen. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. Before the cookie settings change will take effect, Safari must restart. To restart Safari press and hold the Home button (for around five seconds) until the iPhone/iPad display goes blank and the home screen appears. Select the Safari icon to return to Safari. You are currently using private or incognito browsing mode so you’ll need to log in every time you visit The Australian Tap here for more information X A NOTE ABOUT RELEVANT ADVERTISING: We collect information about the content (including ads) you use across this site and use it to make both advertising and content more relevant to you on our network and other sites. This is also known as Online Behavioural Advertising. You can find out more about our policy and your choices, including how to opt-out here Back to top Login Subscribe Facebook Twitter Instagram The Australian NewsFlash NewsFlash App Store Daily Edition Daily Edition iTunes Daily Edition Google Play Terms of Use Editorial Code of conduct Standards of Practice Subscription terms Group Subscription Terms Accessibility Privacy Policy Relevant Ads Opt-out Cookie Policy Contact Us Help Contact Us info Photo Sales News Archive About Us About The Australian Advertise with us Our journalists Subscribe The Australian Plus member benefits Sign up to Newsletters Manage Your Newsletters Copyright The Australian. All times AEST (GMT +10:00) Powered by WordPress.com VIP The Australian doesn't play nicely with your current browser. Please take a moment to upgrade to the latest version. Internet Explorer v10 or later Upgrade now
null
null
mirrorLoad mobile navigation News UK News World News Weird News Crime Real Life Stories Health MotoringExpand Politics Sport Football Row Zed Boxing The Masters Grand National Formula 1 Cricket Other Sports Athletics Rugby League Rugby Union UFC Tennis WrestlingExpandExpand Football Celebs Celebrity News US Gossip Fashion & Beauty Weird Celeb NewsExpand TV & Film Weird News Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Quizzes Got a Story? Sign in My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Offers Fantasy Bingo Dating Jobs BuySell Competitions Horoscopes Loans Cartoons Crosswords BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited Home News Politics Donald Trump News All 102 false statements Donald Trump made in his first 100 days in office All the fake news that's fit to print: We've compiled a comprehensive collection of all his falsehoods, foul-ups and flat-out lies - and it's a long, long list  Share  Comments ByMikey Smith 22:34, 27 APR 2017 Updated23:37, 27 APR 2017 News Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextBoris Johnson says it would be "very difficult to Watch this video again Watch Next Japan fears North Korea sarin gas missile attack0:50 Woman's bungee cord was too long as she falls int0:48 Trump's biggest Twitter feuds1:04 Pupils writing with TWO HANDS at an Indian school1:48 Ex-Black Mamba addict reveals deadly drug cost hi1:08 Police van blocks queue jumping driver carrying e0:51 Is James Nightingale another suspect in Amy's mur0:21 Ambulance staff break door down to get to patient1:26 Cat and dog are inseparable pals that love to pla0:55 2000-year-old Glastonbury oak tree called Gog has0:22 Man forcefully restrained on ground by police0:42 Video will play in  DONALD TRUMP'S FIRST 100 DAYS - HIS BIGGEST ALTERNATIVE FACTS Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get politics updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Donald Trump says he's done more in his first 100 days in office than any other President ever. That's just one of (at least) 102 false statements he's made since he swore the oath of office on January 20th 2017. We've compiled a comprehensive collection of all his falsehoods, foul-ups and flat-out lies - and it's a long, long list. For the sake of relative brevity we've restricted the list to the first occasion he's made a claim. But it's worth bearing in mind that he's repeated many of his falsehoods and over again - particularly, for some reason, getting the size of America's trade deficit wrong, which he's done a lot. So here we go with Day One - let's journey back to Inauguration Day Day 1: Friday, Jan 20 2017 (Photo: Getty Images North America) 1. Washington DC homicides are up 50% Claim on White House website: "The Trump Administration is committed to reducing violent crime. In 2015, homicides increased by 17 percent in America’s 50 largest cities. That’s the largest increase in 25 years. In our nation’s capital, killings have risen by 50 percent.” This is untrue. The Metropolitan Police Department in DC say there were 105 homicides in 2014. This increased to 162 in 2015, which was a 52% increase The figure for 2016 was 135, a 17% decrease on 2015 The crime rate in DC has tumbled in the last 20 years - and is now 55% lower than it was in 1997. And it’s now significantly lower than it was in 2008, the year before Barack Obama took office 2. 'It stopped raining for my inaugural address' Claim made in a speech at the Inaugural Liberty Ball: "The crowd was unbelievable today. I looked at the rain, which just never came, you know, we finished the speech, went inside, it poured then we came outside. The helicopter scene was an incredible scene, and then, amazingly it rained—like God was looking down on us.” This is untrue. It rained during the speech (Photo: Getty Images North America) Day 2: Jan 21 (Photo: Getty Images North America) 3. 'The media invented my feud with the intelligence community’ Claim made during a visit to the CIA’s headquarters in Langley, Virginia: " I have a running war with the media. They are among the most dishonest human beings on Earth. And they sort of made it sound like I had a feud with the intelligence community." This is untrue. The reports of Donald Trump's feud with the intelligence community were sparked not by media speculation, but by - among other factors - a tweet from the man himself comparing the leaking of the WaterSportsgate memo, presumably by an intelligence agent - which he compared to Nazi Germany 4. ‘I have the all time record for Time Magazine covers’ Claim made during same CIA visit: "We have the all-time record in the history of Time Magazine. … I’ve been on it for 15 times this year." This is untrue. Donald Trump has been on the cover of Time magazine a total of 11 times. Ever The all-time record is held by Richard Nixon, who was on the cover 55 times. For comparison, Hillary Clinton has been on the cover of Time Magazine 22 times 5. 'The crowd stretched all the way back to the Washington Monument’ Claim made during same CIA visit: “Honestly, it looked like a million and a half people. Whatever it was it was, but it went all the way back to the Washington Monument.” And later: “…all the way back to the Washington Monument, was packed.” This is untrue. (Photo: REUTERS) This picture was taken from the top of the Washington Monument at 12.01pm local time, during the inauguration ceremony 6. 'It was the most watched inaugural ceremony both in person and around the world’ Claim made by Press Secretary Sean Spicer in a briefing to reporters: "This was the largest audience to ever witness an inauguration, period, both in person and around the globe” Claim made by Donald Trump in CIA visit: “I looked out, the field was — it looked like a million, million and a half people.” This is untrue. Spicer later accepted the "in person" claim wasn't true, but said he was not taking the figures for "in person" and "around the globe" separately, but as an aggregate figure This is also probably untrue. According to Nielsen , 30.6 million people watched the coverage in the US, 7 million fewer than watched Obama's 2009 ceremony The record is held by Ronald Reagan, who attracted 41.8 million TV viewers in 1981 Akamai, the lead supplier of online streaming coverage of the event, said viewership peaked at 4.6 million viewers, which is more than the 3.8 million who watched Obama's inauguration online - but still doesn't add up to 40.1 million when combined with the TV figure 7. 'Trump inauguration was the first to use floor coverings’ Spicer claimed: "This was the first time in our nation’s history that floor coverings have been used to protect the grass on the Mall. That had the effect of highlighting any areas where people were not standing, while in years past the grass eliminated this visual. " This is untrue. They used floor coverings for the 2013 inauguration 8. Trump's inauguration was the first time fencing and magnetometers went as far back on the Mall Spicer claimed: “This was also the first time that fencing and magnetometers went as far back on the Mall, preventing hundreds of thousands of people from being able to access the Mall as quickly as they had in inaugurations past.” This is untrue. The secret service say magnetometers were not used on the Mall during the inauguration They had been used at previous inaugurations 9. More people used the DC Metro for Trump's inauguration than for Obama's last inauguration Spicer claimed: "We know that 420,000 people used the D.C. Metro public transit yesterday, which actually compares to 317,000 that used it for President Obama’s last inaugural." This is untrue. There were 783,000 trips on the Metro on Obama's inauguration day Day 4: January 23 (Photo: The Washington Post) 10. 'I have recieved awards on the environment’ Claim by Trump to a meeting of CEOs: "I’m a very big person when it comes to the environment, I’ve won awards on the environment but some of that stuff makes it impossible to get anything built." This does not appear to be true. The White House say he was referring to an award mentioned in a book by Trump's former environmental consultant. The book references an award from the New Jersey Audubon, for including a nature trail on his golf course in Jersey The group denies it ever gave him, the golf club or any of its employees an award The state of New Jersey later slapped Trump with fines for breaking environmental regulations 11. Millions of illegal votes swung the popular contest for Hillary Claim made to a meeting of Congressional leaders: Between three million and five million “illegals” voted in the election, which cost him the popular vote. This is untrue. Spokesman Sean Spicer said the following day the claim was based on a 2008 Pew report on the number of people incorrectly registered to vote - either because they had moved or died The person who wrote the study said in November that the study found no evidence of voter fraud Day 6: January 25 (Photo: AFP) 12. 'I won one of the biggest electoral victories ever' Claim made in an interview with ABC News: "I had a tremendous victory, one of the great victories ever. In terms of counties I think the most ever, or just about the most ever." This is untrue. Trump’s victory, historically speaking, was a slim one. He won by the 46th highest margin, out of 58 elections Generally, a landslide has been considered a win of 370 electoral votes or more. 306 is considered "comfortable", but not massive If 40,000 people in three states had voted differently, the result would have been reversed 13. The author of the study about electoral fraud "changed his tune” Claim made during the same interview, regarding the author of the Pew report cited in #11, denying his work was evidence of voter fraud: "Really? Then why did he write the report? … Excuse me, then why did he write the report? According to Pew report, then he’s — then he’s grovelling again." This is untrue. The author of the report has repeatedly and consistently pointed out the findings of the report did not provide evidence of fraud, widespread or otherwise 14. There were 2 gun homicides in Chicago during Barack Obama's farewell speech Claim made (but not broadcast) during the same interview: "When President Obama was there two weeks ago making a speech, very nice speech. Two people were shot and killed during his speech." This is untrue. The Chicago Police Department say nobody was shot and killed in the city on January 10, the day Obama gave his farewell speech 15. 'Healthcare.gov cost $5billion' Claim made in the same interview, regarding the cost of the Obamacare website: "Remember the $5billion website?" This is untrue. Healthcare.gov cost between $1 and $2 billion, according to independent analysis 16. 'Voter fraud in Chicago and Philadelphia is getting worse' Claim made int he same interview regarding voter fraud: "Chicago, look what’s going on in Chicago. It’s only gotten worse…You look at Philadelphia, you look at what’s going on in Philadelphia.” This is untrue. There is no evidence of significant voter fraud in Chicago or Philadelphia Day 7: January 26 (Photo: Getty Images North America) 17. The murder rate in Philadelpia is increasing Claim made in a speech to congressional Republicans: "Here in Philadelphia, the murder rate has been steady — I mean just terribly increasing.” This is untrue. The murder rate has been steadily and significantly declining in Philadelphia over the last decade It has reduced from 397 in 2007 to 277 in 2016 The Philadelphia Inquirer reported last year that 2016 had seen fewer violent crimes than any year since 1979 18. ‘The US knows nothing about the refugees we let in' Claim made in an interview with Fox News’ Sean Hannity: "We’ve taken in tens of thousands of people. We know nothing about them. They can say they vet them. They didn’t vet them. They have no papers. How can you vet somebody when you don't know anything about them and you have no papers?" This is untrue. The process of applying for refugee status in the US is arduous and and can take up to 18 months to complete It involves at least two background checks, extensive interviews with State Department and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) officials and full screening against the FBI, DHS and Defence Department databases Less than 1% of requests for refugee status from the United Nations - the first step in the process - are granted Day 8: January 27 (Photo: Getty Images North America) 19. 'I was in Scotland the day before Brexit and predicted it' Claim made during a press conference to mark Theresa May’s visit to the White House: "I happened to be in Scotland, at Turnberry, cutting a ribbon, when Brexit happened. And we had a vast amount of press there and I said – this was the day before, you probably remember – 'Brexit is going to happen' and I was scorned in the press for making that prediction, I was scorned. Lo and behold the following day it happened and the odds weren’t looking good for me when I made that statement because as you remember everyone thought it wasn’t going to happen." This is untrue. Donald Trump arrived in Scotland the day after the EU referendum, on June 24th 2016 Day 11: January 30 (Photo: Getty Images North America) 20. A Delta Airlines computer outage caused the problems with his travel ban Claim made in a tweet: This is untrue. The confusion at airports began on Friday 27th and Saturday 28th. Delta’s computer outage did not occur until the evening of Sunday 29th Day 14: February 2 (Photo: REUTERS) 21. Iran got £150 billion out of the 2015 nuclear deal Claim made in a tweet: This is untrue. The total value of assets unfrozen after the signing of the 2015 nuclear deal with the US and five other nations was estimated at between $100 and $125 billion Iran was not 'ready to collapse' at the time 22. Obama agreed to take in thousands of illegal immigrants from Australia Claim made in a tweet: Claim repeated in a meeting with Harley Davidson executives: "I love Australia as a country, but we had a problem where for whatever reason, President Obama said that they were going to take probably well over 1,000 illegal immigrants who were in prisons, and they were going to bring them and take them into this country. And I just said, ‘Why?’…1,250. It could be 2,000, it could be more than that." This is untrue. The agreement was to take in 1,250 (not thousands) refugees (not illegal immigrants) from Australia's offshore detention camps in the Pacific 23. Kuwait implemented a Muslim ban just like mine Claim made in a Facebook post: This is untrue. This never happened. The Kuwaiti government denied the claims in the article. 24. The first female CIA second in command Claim made on Twitter: This is untrue. Gina Haspel, who Trump appointed, is the second female CIA deputy director The first was Avril Haines, appointed by President Obama in 2010 Day 15: February 3 (Photo: Rex Features) 25. The first phone call with Australian PM was 'very civil' Claim made on Twitter: This is disputed. A senior Trump official told the Washington Post the phone call had been "hostile and charged" - and that the President ended the call 'abruptly'. Asked if Trump had hung up on him, Australian PM Malcolm Turnbull said: "The call ended courteously. That’s all I want to say about that." Day 16: February 4 (Photo: REUTERS) 26. The New York Times apologised for its election coverage Claim made on Twitter: This is untrue. The New York Times has not apologised for its election coverage The President is probably referring to a letter to readers in which the Times said they planned to "rededicate ourselves to the fundamental mission of Times journalism" in the wake of Trump's election 27. The Judge halting the Muslim ban means 'anyone' can come into the US Claim made on Twitter: This is untrue. The halting of the Muslim ban did not mean 'anyone' can come to the US The immigration and refugee vetting processes for the US are stringent and strict. See claim 18 for details Day 17: February 5 (Photo: REUTERS) 28. People have said I was right about voter fraud Claim made during an interview with Fox News' Bill O'Reilly: "A lot of people have come out and said that I am correct.” This is untrue. No credible expert has publicly said Trump's claims about voter fraud in the 2016 election were correct 29. California is out of control - and voted for me Claim made in the same interview: "California in many ways is out of control, as you know. Obviously the voters agree, otherwise they wouldn’t have voted for me." This is untrue. Trump did not specify in what way California is "out of control" - but no analysis of the election has characterised Trump's victory as a reaction to events in California California voted for Hillary Clinton by 62% 30. I was against the Iraq War from the beginning Claim made in the same interview: "I’ve been against the war in Iraq from the beginning." This is untrue. Asked in 2002 if he supported the invasion of Iraq, Trump said: "Yeah, I guess so. I wish the first time it was done correctly." The day after the invasion he said: "It looks like a tremendous success from a military standpoint." 31. The Muslim ban only affected 109 people Claim made in the same interview: "I think it was very smooth. We had 109 people out of hundreds of thousands of travellers and all we did was vet those people very, very carefully" This is untrue. The White House later clarified the 109 figure referred to "the initial group of people that were in transit at the time the executive order was signed" A Trump lawyer admitted in court that 100,000 people had their visas revoked and 721 people were denied boarding at airports Day 18: February 6 (Photo: AFP) 32. Terror attacks in Europe are 'hardly reported' Claim made in a speech to US Central Command: "You’ve seen what happened in Paris and Nice. All over Europe it’s happening. It’s gotten to a point where it’s not even being reported. And in many cases, the very, very dishonest press doesn’t want to report it." This is untrue. Terror attacks are widely reported in the media The White House produced a list of attacks that were 'hardly reported', all of which had been widely reported Read More Donald Trump says these terror attacks weren't reported in the media - here's proof that they were 33. I saved the US $700m on the F-35 deal Claim made in the same speech: "I have already saved more than $700 million when I got involved in the negotiation on the F-35. You know about that." This is disputed. Multiple aviation experts have said the negotiations on the price of the aircraft - the result of years of talks between Lockheed and the Pentagon before Trump took office - was always going to result in a drop of around $6-700m Day 19: February 7 (Photo: AFP) 34. It's taken longer for me to get my cabinet confirmed than any President in history Claim made on Twitter: This is untrue. The delay in confirming Trump's cabinet - at this point 19 days - was not the longest in history Barack Obama didn't have his final cabinet pick, confirmed until April 28, 2009 - a full 99 days after his inauguration 35. US murder rate is at a 47 year high Claim made in a meeting with the National Sheriffs Association: "The murder rate in our country’s the highest it’s been in 47 years, right? Did you know that? 47 years? I’d say that in a speech and everybody’s surprised. Because the press doesn’t tell it like it is. It wasn’t to their advantage to say that.” This is untrue. The US murder rate is at one of its all-time lowest points In 2015 there were 4.9 murders and non-negligent homicides per 100,000 people The all time high was in 1980, when there were 10.2 per 100,000 Day 21: February 9 (Photo: REUTERS) 36. CNN didn't challenge Senator Richard Blumenthal over claims he misrepresented his military service Claim made on Twitter: This is untrue. It was the first question in the interview. Perhaps the President tuned in late 37. Thousands of voters were bussed in from Massachusetts to ‘illegally’ vote in New Hampshire Claim made in a private meeting with senators: Trump claimed "thousands" of people were taken by bus from Massachusetts to neighbouring New Hampshire to "illegally" vote in the election, according to one participant This is untrue. There is no evidence that this took place Day 22: February 10 (Photo: REUTERS) 38. The New York Times falsely reported I had not spoken with President Xi since November 14 Claim made on Twitter: This is untrue. At the time the story was written, Trump had not spoken to the President of China since November 14 The story was later updated online to reflect Trump's phone call with President Xi on February 9 But because Trump rarely uses a computer, he was still reading the outdated print edition the following morning Day 28: February 16 (Photo: REUTERS) 39. I said it was 'great' for President Obama to play golf Claim made in a meeting with members of congress: "Well, I always said about President Obama, it’s great to play golf, but play golf with heads of countries." This is untrue. Donald Trump complained about President Obama playing golf more than ten times on Twitter during his presidency President Trump has visited his Mar A Largo resort 19 times since becoming president, and has played golf at least 13 times President Obama played golf once in his first 100 days 40. Walmart is creating 10,000 jobs in the US because of me Claim made in press conference: "Walmart announced it will create 10,000 jobs in the United States just this year because of our various plans and initiatives." This is untrue. While it's true the figure of 10,000 jobs was first confirmed after Trump took office, they were part of an expansion plan announced in October, before he was elected Read More 15 absurd moments from Donald Trump's jaw-dropping press conference 41. Hillary Clinton gave Russia 20% of our Uranium Claim made in the same press conference: "We had Hillary Clinton give Russia 20 per cent of the uranium in our country." This is untrue. Russia, through a series of investments and purchases of uranium mining firms, now owns around 20% of US uranium extraction capacity. But there is no evidence Clinton was involved in the deals, or intervened to make them happen as part of a bid to reset relations with Russia. The State Department was just one of nine agencies which were involved in approving the deals. The Washington Post has a comprehensive fact check of this claim, which Trump has made repeatedly - they awarded it “four out of four pinnochios”. Read More Donald Trump warns of a 'nuclear holocaust like no other' if he can't reach a good deal with Russia 42. The news media has a lower approval rating than congress Claim made in the same press conference: "I mean, you have a lower approval rate than Congress. I think that’s right." This is untrue. The most recent Gallup poll (September 2016) shows 39% of Americans have trust in the media The most recent polls give congress a 29% approval rating 43. Labor Secretary nominee Alex Acosta is a member of the National Labour Relations Board Claim made in the same press conference: "He’s a member and has been a member of the National Labour Relations Board" This is untrue. Alex Acosta served on the National Labor Relations Board from 2002 to 2003 44. I gave press conferences almost every day during the campaign Claim made in the same press conference: "Remember, I used to give you a news conference every time I made a speech, which was like every day. OK?" This is untrue. While Trump did give speeches almost every day on the campaign trail, he gave no press conferences in the final three months before the election 45. I had the biggest electoral college win since Ronald Reagan Claim made in the same press conference: "I guess it was the biggest electoral college win since Ronald Reagan." This is untrue. Every president since Ronald Reagan, with the exception of George W Bush, won their elections by a greater margin than Donald Trump Day 30: February 18 (Photo: AFP) 46. 'We did very well with women' Claim made at a campaign rally in Florida: "By the way, we did very well with women. You know, my wife said when some of these phoney polls were put out, the CNN poll was so far off, the phoney polls. When some of these, she said, what’s wrong with you and women." This is untrue. Exit polls on election day found Hillary Clinton won with women by 54% to 41% The final CNN poll before the election was just 2 points out, putting Trump on 39% among women 47. The US has a $500 billion trade deficit with China and $70 billion with Mexico Claim made at the same rally: "With China, we have close to a $500 billion trade deficit.” And: "With Mexico, we have $70 billion in deficits, trade deficits, and it’s unsustainable." This is untrue. In 2016, the US trade deficit with China was $347 billion $347 billion is not 'close to' $500 billion In 2016, the US trade with Mexico was $63 billion 48. The US doesn't have a trade surplus with any other country Claim made at the same rally: "I’m trying to find a country where we actually have a surplus of trade as opposed to — everything is a deficit." This is untrue. The US has a trade surplus with, among other countries, the UK, the Netherlands, Brazil, Belgium, Singapore, Hong Kong and Australia. 49. Look at what's happening in Sweden! Claim made at the same rally: “We’ve got to keep our country safe. You look at what’s happening in Germany, you look at what’s happening last night in Sweden.” This is untrue. No security incident happened the previous night in Sweden Trump may have been referring to a heavily contested Fox News package on violence in Sweden, broadcast as a repeat the previous night Day 36: February 24 (Photo: REUTERS) 50. There were queues stretching six blocks to see my CPAC speech Claim made during a speech to the Conservative Political Action Conference: "By the way, you folks are in here — this place is packed, there are lines that go back six blocks and I tell you that because you won’t read about it, OK. But there are lines that go back six blocks." This is untrue Trump's speech was not open to the public A number of people at the event confirmed there was no queue to speak of outside the hall 51. The Washington Post made up its sources Claim made during the same speech: "Because they have no sources, they just make ’em up when there are none. I saw one story recently where they said, ‘Nine people have confirmed.’ There’re no nine people." This is untrue. The Washington Post did not make up their sources The story he referred to was about Mike Flynn misleading the Vice President about contact with the Russian Ambassador before the election The story was true, and Trump fired Mike Pence over an issue of "trust" 52. I was endorsed by the Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) agency Claim made during the same speech: "Our Border Patrol, I’ll tell you what they do, they came and endorsed me, ICE came and endorsed me. They never endorsed a presidential candidate before, they might not even be allowed to." This is untrue. Trump is right, government agencies aren't allowed to endorse Presidential candidates ICE did not endorse President Trump, but a union of border patrol employees did 53. Obamacare covers very few people Claim made during the same speech: "Obamacare covers very few people" This is untrue. Obamacare covers around 20 million people who did not have health insurance before it was launched Day 39: February 27 (Photo: Getty Images North America) 54. Nobody knew that healthcare could be so complicated Claim made during a meeting of the National Governors Association: "Nobody knew that healthcare could be so complicated." This is untrue. Many people knew healthcare was complicated Donald Trump didn't know healthcare was complicated Day 40: February 28 (Photo: Getty Images North America) 55. A rancher was fined $37,000 a day for digging a small hole Claim made signing an Executive Order tearing up parts of Barack Obama's water pollution regulations: "In one case in Wyoming, a rancher was fined $37,000 a day by the EPA for digging a small watering hole for his cattle. His land." This is untrue. The rancher was fined for constructing a dam on a creek which is a tributary to two major rivers without a permit 56. Water regulations put thousands out of work Claim made during the same EO signing: "The EPA’s regulators were putting people out of jobs by the hundreds of thousands" This is untrue. There is no evidence for this claim 57. The clean water rule regulates puddles Claim made during the same EO signing: "But a few years ago, the EPA decided that navigable waters can mean nearly every puddle or every ditch on a farmer’s land or anyplace else that they decide. Right? It was a massive power grab.” This is untrue. A factsheet on the EPA website confirms , in block capital letters: "THE CLEAN WATER RULE DOES NOT REGULATE PUDDLES" Neither does it regulate most ditches 58. Increase in defence spending is historic Claim made during an address to the joint session of Congress: “I am sending the Congress a budget that rebuilds the military, eliminates the defense sequester, and calls for one of the largest increases in national defense spending in American history.” This is untrue. According to Politifact , the increase is "quite average." Day 44: March 4 (Photo: REUTERS) 59. Obama tapped my phones Claim made on Twitter: There is no evidence for this. There is no evidence that wiretapping was used in Trump Tower by the CIA, NSA or FBI - with or without orders from President Obama Intelligence community leaders as well as congressmen with access to intelligence say it didn't happen Day 47: March 7 (Photo: AFP) 60. 122 Guantanamo prisoners released by Obama have returned to the battlefield Claim made on Twitter: This is untrue. Only nine of the 122 "re-engagers" were released under the Obama administration The other 113 were released by the administration of George W Bush. Day 55: March 15 (Photo: AFP) 61. The New York Times finding my tax returns was fake news, and nobody's heard of the reporter Claim made on Twitter: This is untrue. The documents revealed by the New York Times were verified as authentic by the Trump administration David Cay Johnston, the reporter who wrote the story, won the Pulitzer Prize in 2001. To say that "nobody's heard of him" is untrue. For a start, he wrote a book about Trump and the President has reportedly known him for years 62: The US had an $800 billion trade deficit last year Claim made during a speech to the American Center for Mobility in Detroit: "Our trade deficit last year reached nearly $800 billion. Who’s making these deals?" This is untrue. The 2016 US trade deficit was $502 billion $502 billion is not nearly $800 billion The trade deficit in manufactured goods was around $750 billion, which is nearly $800 billion - but that's not what he said 63. There would have been loads of job losses in manufacturing if it weren't for me Claim made in the same speech: "Before NAFTA went into effect – by the way, NAFTA, a total disaster — there were 280,000 auto workers in Michigan. Today, that number is roughly 165,000 and would have been heading down big league if I didn’t get elected, I will tell you that right now. That I can tell you. Plenty of things were stopped in their tracks. They were stopped in their tracks. A lot of bad things were going to happen, a lot of places were going to get built that aren’t going to get built right now in other locations." This is untrue. According to reporting and analysis by Factcheck.org , there is no evidence that any plans to open overseas plants were cancelled due to Trump's election He's also - again - claiming undue credit for decisions made by companies that had nothing to do with him Ford, for example, cancelled plans to open a plant in Mexico not because of Trump, but because demand for the cars to be made there went down 64. My budget has the single biggest increase in military spending in US history Claim made during a rally in Nashville: "Our budget calls for one of the single largest increases in defence spending history in this country" This is untrue. According to the Associated Press: "In just the past 40 years, there have been eight years with larger increases in percentage terms than the one he’s now proposing" 65. I said 'wiretapping', not wiretapping Claim made during an interview with Fox News' Tucker Carlson "And don’t forget, when I say wiretapping, those words were in quotes. That really covers, because wiretapping is pretty old-fashioned stuff. But that really covers surveillance and many other things. And nobody ever talks about the fact that it was in quotes, but that’s a very important thing." This is untrue. While Trump did use quotes for two of his four Tweets about wiretapping, he did not in the other two See #59 for details Day 57: March 17 (Photo: AFP) 66. Half of Tennessee has no health insurer Claim made at a veterans' listening session: "In Tennessee, where I just left, half of the state has no insurance and — no carrier. It’s gone. And they’re going to leave the other half of the state very soon." This is untrue. Every part of Tennessee is covered by at least one health insurer operating in the Obamacare marketplace 67. Germany has done well with its trade deals with the US Claim made during joint press conference with Angela Merkel "Germany has done very well in its trade deals with the United States, and I give them credit for it." This is untrue. Germany has no trade deal with the United States 68. Many countries owe lots of money to NATO Claim made during the same press conference "Many nations owe vast sums of money from past years, and it is very unfair to the United States. These nations must pay what they owe." This is untrue. Countries don't 'owe' money to NATO They agree to spend 2% of GDP on defence every year. Some countries, including Germany, aren't spending that much - which makes the US feel like it's carrying more of the burden of keeping the world safe. But that isn't the same as owing money to NATO Day 60: March 20 (Photo: AFP) 69. CNN's election polls were "way off" Claim made on Twitter: This is untrue. CNN's final election poll had Hillary Clinton ahead in the popular vote by five points. She won the popular vote by two points 70. The FBI and NSA said Russia didn't interfere in the election Claim made on Twitter: This is untrue. FBI Director James Comey, when asked about this tweet, denied it was true, saying the Bureau had "offered no opinion." 71. Doctors are quitting medicine because of Obamacare Claim made at a campaign rally in Louisville "Many of our best and brightest are leaving the medical profession entirely because of Obamacare." This is untrue. “We see no significant number exiting related to the Affordable Care Act”, said Dr Atul Grover, executive vice president of the U.S. Association of Medical Colleges 72. I've only been here 52 days! Claim made during the same rally: "You know, I’ve only been there for, what, 52 days, right? Somebody said to me, when are you starting on NAFTA? I said, wait a minute, I did this, this, this. I knocked out unbelievable numbers of regulations. We’re negotiating much better deals — these terrible deals that were made. I’ve been here like 51 days." This is untrue. Trump said this on his 60th day in office Day 62: March 22 (Photo: Getty Images North America) 73. I get the biggest crowds, believe me Claim made during an interview with Time Magazine about the President's habit of saying things that aren't true: "I went to Kentucky two nights ago, we had 25,000 people in a massive Basketball Arena." This is untrue. The capacity of the arena is 18,000 74. The claim Ted Cruz' father had links to the JFK assassination was in a newspaper Claim made during the same interview: "But that was in the newspaper. I wasn’t, I didn’t say that. I was referring to a newspaper … I’m just quoting the newspaper." This is charitable at best. The 'newspaper' Trump refers to is The National Enquirer 75. Nobody knew NATO allies weren't ponying up until I came along Claim made during the same interview: "… and I said that the allies must pay. Nobody knew that they weren’t paying. I did. I figured it." This is untrue. The fact that several NATO allies didn't meet the 2% spending target was widely known President Obama complained to allies about it a number of times 76. NATO doesn't address terrorism Claim made during the same interview: "NATO, obsolete, because it doesn’t cover terrorism. They fixed that." This is untrue. NATO has addressed counter-terrorism matters for more than 30 years It’s unclear exactly what Trump believes changed in NATO to 'fix' it 77. There was a riot in Sweden the day after, and someone died Claim made during the same interview: "Sweden. I make the statement, everyone goes crazy. The next day they have a massive riot, and death, and problems" This is untrue. There was a riot, but it was two days after Trump falsely claimed there had been a terror incident in the country Nobody died in the riot Day 63: March 23 (Photo: AFP) 78. Obamacare put truckers out of business Claim made at a meeting with representatives of the trucking industry: "So you know the problems, and it’s put a lot of the trucking businesses out of business, which is pretty tough." This is unfounded. There is no evidence to support this claim Day 64: March 24 (Photo: REUTERS) 79. Charter Communications has just committed to investing $25 billion in the US Claim made at a 'jobs announcement' with the firm "Today I am thrilled to announce that Charter Communications has just committed to investing $25 billion — with a B, $25 billion — you’re sure that’s right, right? With a B, right — $25 billion here in the United States, and has committed further to hiring 20,000 American workers over the next four years" This is untrue. The investment had been previously announced It had been in the works for two years and was the result of a merger between Time Warner Cable and Bright House Networks 80. I never said I'd repeal and replace Obamacare in the first 61 days Claim made in an interview with the Washington Post "I never said I was going to repeal and replace in the first 61 days." This is untrue. While he never specified 61 days, he did say repeatedly that Obamacare would be repealed and replaced "immediately" when he took office He had been in office for 64 days when he made this claim Day 73: April 2 (Photo: AFP) 81. There have been 'many defections' from the Freedom Caucus (the right wing congressional group that skewered Trump's healthcare bill) Claim made during an interview with the Financial Times: "And if we don’t get the ... Freedom Caucus there that would be fine. They’re friends of mine. Many of them have already left, and many of them as you know have already given us their vote." This is untrue. There has only been one defection away from the Freedom Caucus under Trump: Ted Poe quit in March Day 74: April 3 (Photo: Getty Images North America) 82. People not looking for work are considered 'statistically employed' Claim made during a meeting with CEOs: "One of the statistics that to me is just ridiculous — so the 4.6 (per cent unemployment rate) sounds good, but when you look for a job, you can’t find it and you give up: you are now considered statistically employed. But I don’t consider those people employed." This is untrue. People who are not looking for work are not considered part of the Labour force, so they are neither considered employed nor unemployed in official statistics Day 75: April 4 (Photo: Getty Images North America) 83: I had the support of everyone in the room at the Builders Trades Unions conference Claim made during remarks to the Builders Trades Unions conference: "But I had the support of, I would say, I would say almost everybody in this room." This is untrue. There were widespread boos from the audience in response to the Trump's claim 84. It's almost impossible for a Republican to win the electoral college Claim made during the same event: "Huge disadvantage, Electoral College. It’s very, very tough. They say almost impossible for a Republican to win.” This is untrue. By definition, every Republican president ever has won the electoral college (With the possible exception of Rutherford B Heyes, but that's a whole different story) Trump is the fifth Republican to win the electoral college since the modern system of 538 votes was introduced in 1964 Since the 1870s, every Republican president but two has won the electoral college by a wider margin than Donald Trump Day 78: April 7 (Photo: AFP) 85: Immigration officers arrested 84 'criminal aliens' Claim made in the President's weekly address: "In just the last few days our Nation’s ICE officers have arrested … 84 criminal aliens in the Pacific Northwest." This is untrue. Only 60 of the 84 migrants arrested in the Pacific Northwest over that time period had criminal records Day 82: April 11 (Photo: REUTERS) 86: I didn't know Steve Bannon until late in my campaign Claim made during an interview with the New York Post: "I like Steve, but you have to remember he was not involved in my campaign until very late. I had already beaten all the senators and all the governors, and I didn’t know Steve." This is untrue. While Bannon didn't join the Trump campaign until 2016, the pair certainly knew each other before that time According to the Associated Press, Trump was introduced to Bannon in 2011, and was interviewed for Breitbart by Bannon at least nine times during 2015 and 2016. 87: Toyota are investing $1.3 billion in new jobs because of me Claim made during a meeting of CEOs: "And yesterday, Toyota just announced that it will invest more than $1.3 billion — it’s probably going to be $1.9 billion — into its Georgetown, Ky., plant, an investment that would not have been made if we didn't win the election" This is untrue. Toyota told Factcheck.org the investment had been planned for several years and predated Trump's presidency 88. Congressman Ron Estes won Kansas race despite 'heavy spending' and predicted win for Democrats Claim made on Twitter: This is untrue. Republicans outspent Democrats in the race, a special election to replace CIA director Mike Pompeo Democrats did not predict victory over Estes Day 83: April 12 (Photo: AFP) 89. Korea used to be part of China Claim made during an interview with the Wall Street Journal: "And Korea actually used to be a part of China." This is untrue. Korea has never been part of China 90. The battle to retake Mosul was supposed to last a week Claim made during the an interview with Fox Business Network: "Look, they’re still fighting. Mosul was supposed to last for a week and now they’ve been fighting it for many months and so many more people died." This is untrue. Military officials never predicted the offensive would be complete within a week 91. Many Democrats think my healthcare plan is 'incredible' Claim made during the same interview: "Well, as an example, on health care, I won’t get one Democrat vote, even though many of them think it’s an incredible plan." This is unfounded. There is no evidence to suggest any democrats think Trump's healthcare plan is 'incredible' 92. I was right to say Susan Rice had committed a crime Claim made during the same interview: "When you look at Susan Rice and what’s going on, and so many people are coming up to me and apologizing now. They’re saying you know, you were right when you said that. Perhaps I didn’t know how right I was, because nobody knew the extent of it." This is untrue. This relates to right-wing criticism of Rice, Obama's National Security Advisor, 'unmasking' the identities of certain people who were mentioned anonymously in intelligence documents 'Unmasking' is performed frequently and entirely legitimately by White House staff during their day to day jobs There is no suggestion Rice did anything wrong or illegal Day 88: April 17 (Photo: Barcroft Media) 93. Democrat John Ossoff wants to allow illegal immigration and raise taxes Claim made on Twitter: This is unfounded. There is no evidence John Ossoff wants to do either of these things Day 94: April 23 (Photo: Getty Images North America) 94. I got 5.2 million viewers for my appearance on Face the Nation Claim made in an interview with the AP: "(CBS Face the Nation host John) Dickerson had 5.2 million people. It’s the highest for Face the Nation or as I call it, ‘Deface the Nation.’ It’s the highest for ‘Deface the Nation’ since the World Trade Center. Since the World Trade Center came down." This is untrue. Trump's interview on Face the Nation attracted 4.6 million viewers, not 5.2 million 95. I got 9.2 million viewers for my appearance on Fox News Sunday Claim made during the same interview: "I have, seem to get very high ratings. I definitely. You know Chris Wallace had 9.2 million people, it’s the highest in the history of the show. I have all the ratings for all those morning shows. When I go, they go double, triple. Chris Wallace, look back during the Army-Navy football game, I did his show that morning. It had 9.2 million people. It’s the highest they’ve ever had." This is untrue. The appearance drew 2.3 million viewers It was the second highest rated show in the programme's history, not the highest 96. Neil Gorsuch graduated top of his class at Harvard Claim made during the same interview: "I mean, here’s a judge who is No. 1 at Columbia, No. 1 at Harvard and an Oxford scholar." This is untrue. Gorsuch was not at the top of his class at Harvard. He wasn't even in the top 10% 97. Hillary Clinton spent $2.2 Billion on her election campaign Claim made during the same interview: "So she had this massive advantage, she spent hundreds of millions of dollars more money than I spent. Hundreds of millions ... Yeah. Or more, actually because we were $375 (million) she was at $2.2 billion. But whatever." This is untrue. It's true Clinton outspent Trump, but by nowhere near that margin. Worryingly he doesn't even get his own spending figures anywhere near right here Clinton spent $969 million - or around $1.2 billion if you include spending by pro-Clinton Super PACs (Political Action Committees - semi independent campaign groups who can spend on elections with less scrutiny) Trump spent $531 million - or around $600 million with Super PAC money 98. I had never heard of Wikileaks before the DNC hack emails came out Claim made during the same interview: "When WikiLeaks came out ... never heard of WikiLeaks, never heard of it." This is untrue. Trump repeatedly spoke positively about Wikileaks during his campaign - even going as far as to say: “I love Wikileaks. Neither is it true that he had never heard of Wikileaks ahead of the DNC hack. In 2010, he called for Wikileaks to be given the “death penalty” after leaking secret US military documents. 99. The Mexico border wall is not going to be that expensive - it'll cost $10 billion or less Claim made during the same interview: "Well, first of all, the wall will cost much less than the numbers I'm seeing. I'm seeing numbers, I mean, this wall is not going to be that expensive…I’ll do it for $10 billion or less" This is exceptionally unlikely to be true. An internal report from the Department of Homeland Security suggests the actual cost could be more than $20 billion. 100. The dairy farmers dispute was due to farmers getting 'killed by NAFTA' Claim made in the same interview - referring to a row with Canada over milk: "You saw what happened yesterday in my statements, because if you look at the dairy farmers in Wisconsin and upstate New York, they are getting killed by NAFTA" This is untrue. Canadian milk is not included in the NAFTA treaty 101. In 1949 there was no such thing as terrorism Claim made in the same interview: "You know, back when they did NATO there was no such thing as terrorism." It's hard to know where to begin. Mr President. Allow me to introduce you to my good friend Archduke Franz Ferdinand 102. I have done more in the first 100 days than any other president Claim made in the same interview: “I’ve done more than any other president in the first 100 days.” And on his 100-day Contract with the American Voter: “Well, I’m mostly there on most items.” This is untrue. In his first 100 days, Donald Trump has delivered on 10 of the 38 promises in his 'contract' The promises he has kept were mainly accomplished with executive orders He has passed no legislation despite promising to pass 10 specific laws In Franklin D Roosevelt's first 100 days, he signed 15 major laws, rescued the banking system, abolished prohibition, regulated Wall Street for the first time, set up the Civilian Conservation Corps which immediately gave jobs to 250,000 Americans - later closer to 3 million. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Politics Newsletter Follow @MirrorPolitics Subscribe to our Politics newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Donald Trump Politics News all Most Read Most Recent SchoolsFidget spinners: What you need to know about UK new playground craze that's already been banned by some schools There's nothing like a playground craze to drive a parent kicking and screaming - now there's a new one on the way Surrey PoliceOverweight cop who was 'fired after she failed 'bleep test' sues police force who sacked her Det Con Rebecca Tiffin blamed her failure to complete the exercise test on an under-active thyroid gland SelfiesCouple posts 'sweet' selfie - but people are terrified by what's in the background It seems innocent enough, but once you see it... Damian GreenThis guy called out Theresa May's sneaky election tricks to a Tory minister's face and he did NOT like it A frustrated member of the public called out Tory minister Damian Green for using the phrase "strong and stable". Here's why RyanairBrit holidaymakers' fury as they're 'left stranded at Spanish airport and police prevent them from using their phones' Angry travellers faced spending the night in Barcelona after they missed the flight of the day to Liverpool HomelessnessTory housing crisis has sent homelessness soaring and there's no real plan to fix it says damning report The public accounts committee slammed Ministers for failing to tackle the “broken” housing market and said there is no real plan to solve the crisis Death rowNotorious death row prisoners' last meals revealed - including fried chicken, chocolate milkshake and a single olive Ted Bundy, John Wayne Gacy and Timothy McVeigh all ordered their very last meal on death row before being executed CrimeShocking picture of ex-soldier left fighting for life in coma for two weeks after being battered in street The family of Glen Smith, 58, have released this shocking snap of their loved one in a critical condition in a bid to make witnesses come forward Donald TrumpDonald Trump has a big red button on his desk - but it doesn't do what you might think In an interview before his 100th day in office, talk of a potential "major, major" conflict with North Korea was on the table - but so was something else CrimePictured: Tonnes of rubbish dumped by travellers in front of picturesque parish church leaving residents devastated With the flytippers long-gone it will be left to taxpayers to pick up the costs of the clear-up, likely to run into thousands of pounds Most Read Most Recent SchoolsFidget spinners: What you need to know about UK new playground craze that's already been banned by some schools There's nothing like a playground craze to drive a parent kicking and screaming - now there's a new one on the way Lionel MessiBarcelona star Lionel Messi names the only player he has asked to swap shirts with - and he's a Real Madrid legend The Argentine couldn't resist asking this legend to swap shirts despite him playing for Barcelona's bitter rivals Marouane FellainiEveryone is making the same joke about Marouane Fellaini after his red card in the Manchester derby It's the obvious joke - but that doesn't make it any less funny Surrey PoliceOverweight cop who was 'fired after she failed 'bleep test' sues police force who sacked her Det Con Rebecca Tiffin blamed her failure to complete the exercise test on an under-active thyroid gland Arsenal FCArsenal fan horribly stitched up by best mate - ends up with TOTTENHAM logo tattooed on his chest Ahead of the north London derby one Gunners fan's worst nightmare came true HomelessnessTory housing crisis has sent homelessness soaring and there's no real plan to fix it says damning report The public accounts committee slammed Ministers for failing to tackle the “broken” housing market and said there is no real plan to solve the crisis Anthony Joshua vs Wladimir KlitschkoWhat channel is Anthony Joshua vs Wladimir Klitschko on? All you need to know ahead of heavyweight fight The pair meet in one of the biggest heavyweight fights in history Anthony Joshua vs Wladimir KlitschkoWhen is Anthony Joshua vs Wladimir Klitschko weigh-in? All you need to know ahead of heavyweight showdown Joshua and Klitschko meet in one of the biggest heavyweight fights in history Jennifer LopezJennifer Lopez flashes boobs in SECOND barely there dress at Billboard Latin Music Awards The mum of two looked fabulous on Thursday night wearing not one but two very racy ensembles Marouane FellainiMarouane Fellaini sells £2.3million mansion as Manchester United career appears in doubt after derby dismissal The Belgian midfielder was the villain of the piece at the Etihad as he was sent off for a shocking headbutt on Sergio Aguero Top Stories Death rowDeath row inmate's HUGE last meal revealed as he becomes final prisoner killed in Arkansas' 'conveyor belt' executions Kenneth Williams, 38, was put to death by lethal injection on Thursday night and reportedly took 13 minutes to die after convulsing 20 times London 2012 OlympicsHeavyweight champ Anthony Joshua was born to be a boxer - even as a baby he had his fists up! He's on course to be the best boxer in the world but once he was little boy as these intimate pictures show RyanairBrit holidaymakers' fury as they're 'left stranded at Spanish airport and police prevent them from using their phones' Angry travellers faced spending the night in Barcelona after they missed the flight of the day to Liverpool Dangerous drivingFour young people killed after quad bike hit by car at 140mph 'during Fast and Furious-style street race' Ryan Beal, 20, Brandon Brown, 20, Alexandra Binns, 18, and Terrie Kirby, 16, were riding a quad bike TerrorismWoman shot by armed police and four people arrested in London terror raid caught on dramatic mobile footage During the operation in Willesden, north London, a female, who is one of the subjects of the investigation, was shot by police and four others were arrested SchoolsFidget spinners: What you need to know about UK new playground craze that's already been banned by some schools There's nothing like a playground craze to drive a parent kicking and screaming - now there's a new one on the way SuicideFigures show link between benefit re-assessments and suicides, MP says Labour's Diana Johnson said the figures cast doubt on claims that there is no link between suicide and welfare re-assessments, with DWP carrying out the internal reviews in the last five years Donald TrumpDonald Trump has a big red button on his desk - but it doesn't do what you might think In an interview before his 100th day in office, talk of a potential "major, major" conflict with North Korea was on the table - but so was something else North KoreaDonald Trump admits 'major, major' conflict with North Korea is possible amid fears of nuclear war Amid increasing fears of nuclear war, Trump said he would prefer a diplomatic outcome as he approaches his 100th day in office Royal Marine'Marine A' Alexander Blackman is FREED after five years in prison for shooting dead injured Taliban fighter Sgt Blackman was whisked away from Erlestoke jail in Wiltshire under cover of darkness to be reunited with his campaigning wife Claire InstagramWoman dies in Bali scooter crash 'without helmet' days after Instagram video apologising to her mum for not wearing one Ella Knights, 26, was found face down in a gutter at the Indonesian holiday spot Tyson FuryTyson Fury brands Anthony Joshua his 'little b***h' as he photoshops heavyweight champion's head onto tiny dog 'Gypsy King' Fury took a cheap shot ahead of the Olympic gold medallist's title fight against Wladimir Klitschko SchoolsFidget spinners: What you need to know about UK new playground craze that's already been banned by some schools There's nothing like a playground craze to drive a parent kicking and screaming - now there's a new one on the way Surrey PoliceOverweight cop who was 'fired after she failed 'bleep test' sues police force who sacked her Det Con Rebecca Tiffin blamed her failure to complete the exercise test on an under-active thyroid gland SelfiesCouple posts 'sweet' selfie - but people are terrified by what's in the background It seems innocent enough, but once you see it... Damian GreenThis guy called out Theresa May's sneaky election tricks to a Tory minister's face and he did NOT like it A frustrated member of the public called out Tory minister Damian Green for using the phrase "strong and stable". Here's why RyanairBrit holidaymakers' fury as they're 'left stranded at Spanish airport and police prevent them from using their phones' Angry travellers faced spending the night in Barcelona after they missed the flight of the day to Liverpool Dangerous drivingFour young people killed after quad bike hit by car at 140mph 'during Fast and Furious-style race' Ryan Beal, 20, Brandon Brown, 20, Alexandra Binns, 18, and Terrie Kirby, 16, were riding a quad bike Death rowDeath row inmate's HUGE last meal revealed as he becomes final prisoner killed in Arkansas' 'conveyor belt' executions Kenneth Williams, 38, was put to death by lethal injection on Thursday night and reportedly took 13 minutes to die after convulsing 20 times TerrorismWoman shot by armed police and four people arrested in London terror raid caught on dramatic mobile footage During the operation in Willesden, north London, a female, who is one of the subjects of the investigation, was shot by police and four others were arrested Murder trialChild sex abuse victim GUILTY of manslaughter after killing his paedophile uncle who abused him decades ago A jury found Kevin Caddick not guilty of murder but guilty of manslaughter on the direction of a judge North KoreaKim Jong-un's North Korean troops are wielding 'FAKE' weapons in military parades The bankrupt regime wants the world to believe its forces are well-armed and combat-ready – but an analyst thinks it is bluffing by issuing plastic guns and rockets for the public displays Weird sexRandy couple filmed 'having sex' on balcony in broad daylight as traffic zooms past in street below The cheeky clip - filmed by a pedestrian - has gone viral after it was picked up by news stations and broadcast around the world CrimePictured: Tonnes of rubbish dumped by travellers in front of picturesque parish church leaving residents devastated With the flytippers long-gone it will be left to taxpayers to pick up the costs of the clear-up, likely to run into thousands of pounds InstagramWoman dies in Bali scooter crash 'without helmet' days after Instagram video apologising to her mother for not wearing one Ella Knights, 26, was found face down in a gutter at the Indonesian holiday spot CatsPolice called to reports of a cat up a tree... armed with a RIFLE The suspected furry felon was spotted clutching what appeared to be an automatic weapon in its paws SpeedingPolice to crack down on speeders who are driving marginally over the limit For years many motorists have relied on police allowing a ‘small margin for error’ - but that is set to change TeenagersTeen crowned champ of Britain's dirtiest student digs - after she was told to enter by her appalled dad Real estate student Brittani Cooper, 19, won the dubious accolade of having the nation's dirtiest student house North KoreaDonald Trump admits 'major, major' conflict with North Korea is possible Amid increasing fears of nuclear war, Trump said he would prefer a diplomatic outcome as he approaches his 100th day in office Beauty contestsBritain's best looking brother and sister set to be crowned both Mr and Miss England Jack Heslewood, 25, of Bishop's Stortford, Herts, was crowned Mr Hertfordshire last weekend and now hopes to win the overall competition, following in the footsteps of his sister, Kirsty Royal Marine'Marine A' Alexander Blackman is FREED after five years in prison for shooting dead injured Taliban fighter Sgt Blackman was whisked away from Erlestoke jail in Wiltshire under cover of darkness and will be reunited with his campaigning wife Claire CrocodilesSavage moment huge crocodile swallows unsuspecting gazelle in ONE BITE WARNING GRAPHIC CONTENT: The giant croc launched an attack on the defenceless animal as it crossed a river in Kenya News Politics Football Sport Celebs TV & Film Weird News Quizzes Technology Money Travel Fashion Mums Motoring Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram BuySell Find a job Find a home Find a new home InYourArea Psychic Find a local business About Us Contact Us Follow Us Sell Your Story How to Complain Corrections & Clarifications Google Survey Privacy Statement Cookie Policy Terms and Conditions Paper Subscription to the Daily Mirror Paper Subscription to the Sunday Mirror Irish Mirror © 2017 MGN Limited This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay
23ABC News Weather Traffic All Sections Weather + Weather Radar Daily Forecast Hourly Forecast Weather Alerts El Niño Weather Cams Traffic + Gas Prices Drive Times Traffic Cameras Entertainment + Contests Right This Minute METV Bakersfield Crosswords The List Sudoku Who Wants To Be A Millionaire Lifestyle + At The Table Staying Healthy Family Education Community Calendar The Chew News + Morning Trends Made In Kern County Local Breaking Silence Tracking Terrorism State US | World News Slideshows Irresistible Financial Fitness Zone Politics Newsy Videos DecodeDC Scripps National Spelling Bee Conquering Addiction Marketplace + Money California Lottery Results ShopSmart Sports + Local Sports Student Athletes 23FNL College Basketball About Us + Newstips Staff Bios TV Listings Advertise 23ABC Jobs Contact Us RSS Support Newsletters Video + Live Video ABC News Live Video Current 60 Fair 3-Day Forecast HI: -° LO: 55° HI: -° LO: 55° HI: -° LO: 55° More Weather Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 1 Weather Alert Wind Advisory issued April 27 at 7:46PM PDT expiring April 28 at 5:00AM PDT in effect for: Kern 1 Weather Alert KCSO: Store owner arrested for shooting shoplifter 2:28 PM, Apr 27, 2017 23 mins ago Share Article Previous Next As the owner of Azteca Market, Elias Aguilar has had four separate instances of people trying to rob his store. The latest happened in late March when a man trying running our with a bag full of items. Aguilar quickly drew his gun and shot him. Aguilar is now being held for assault with a firearm. Copyright 2016 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next BAKESFIELD, Calif. - Officials arrested the store owner of Azteca Market on Weedpatch Highway after he shot a shoplifter, according to Kern County Sheriff's Department officials. On March 27, 2017, at 11:20 AM, David Carrillo entered the Azteca Market located at 2801 Weedpatch Highway.  Carrillo selected several items from the store and placed them on the front counter.  The items were worth approximately $11.00.  Carrillo left the store briefly then returned.  Carrillo provided the store owner, Elias Aguilar, with a Walmart gift card, took the items, and began running out of the store.  When Carrillo was outside of the store, Aguilar fired two rounds through the front window of the store, striking Carrillo once in the back. RELATED: Armed robbery reported in Lamont, suspect shot A vehicle arrived at the store and Carrillo was assisted into the vehicle.  The vehicle then fled, but was located a short time later by deputies in the area of Morning Drive and Breckenridge Road.  The vehicle’s driver had fled and Carrillo was the only occupant.  Carrillo was taken to Kern Medical in critical condition.  The driver of the vehicle has not been identified. Due to the Carrillo’s injuries, Kern County Sheriff’s Office homicide detectives responded to assume the investigation.  After conducting an investigation into the theft and the shooting, two cases were submitted to the Kern County District Attorney’s Office with one listing Carrillo as a suspect in a misdemeanor shoplifting case, and the second with Aguilar as a suspect in an assault with a deadly weapon case. The District Attorney’s Office reviewed the case and determined they would not be filing charges against Carrillo, but did file a charge against Aguilar for assault with a firearm.  On April 27, 2017, an arrest warrant was issued for Aguilar for one count of assault with a firearm.  On April 27, 2017 at approximately 1:30 PM, deputies from the Lamont Substation arrested Aguilar at the Azteca Market for his warrant.  Aguilar will be booked on his warrant and his bail has been set at $50,000.00.  Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story Local News MIKC: Golden Queen Mining Company Just outside Mojave, surrounded by snow-capped hills and giant wind turbines, there is a mountain deeply rooted in California history. The… Students are questioning safety on campus At Bakersfield College, there have been multiple thefts and assaults on campus over the last several months, which have already made students… Rita Bello's body found in Kern River Canyon The body of Rita Bello, the woman who went missing in the Kern River Canyon on March 6, was found in the Kern River Canyon. One dead in plane crash near Keene One person is dead after a plane crashed near Keene on Thursday afternoon, the Kern County Fire Department said. More local news Local NewsNational News WeatherSports Entertainment Lifestyle Marketplace Support 23ABC News Advertise with Us Staff Bios Contact Us Station Jobs TV Listings Hearing Impaired Resources Community Calendar IShotIt Let's Ask America The List RSS Feeds Mobile Apps 23ABC News iPhone Kindle Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Newsy iPhoneAndroid RokuAmazon Fire TV Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Retail, Food Service, Child Care and Health Care Leaders to Sponsor 2017 Building a Healthier Future Summit Companies join experts from government, industry and academia to address the childhood obesity epidemic News provided by The Partnership for a Healthier America 27 Apr, 2017, 16:45 ET Share this article WASHINGTON, April 27, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Today, the Partnership for a Healthier America (PHA) announced sponsors for the 2017 Building a Healthier Future Summit. For seven years, PHA has worked with the private sector and Honorary Chairwoman and Former First Lady Michelle Obama to help busy parents and families make healthier choices easier. This year's Summit will take place May 10-12 at the Renaissance Washington D.C. Downtown Hotel. The PHA Summit convenes leading companies, private sector, government, academia and philanthropic leaders to discuss real solutions to ending America's childhood obesity crisis. Novo Nordisk, the 2017 PHA Summit National Sponsor, is a global health care company with more than 90 years of innovation and leadership in diabetes care. "We are delighted to have the support of the following companies as additional sponsors of the event: Aquafina, Avocados From Mexico, Bright Horizons Family Solutions, Inc., Mars Food, McLane Company, Inc., Meredith Corporation, Sodexo, Inc., The Dannon Company, The Specialized Foundation and Walmart," said Blythe Thomas, Chief Communications Officer of PHA. "All of these great companies are showing their commitment to PHA's work through their generous support of the Summit and we are extremely grateful for their sponsorships." Among other topics, the 2017 Summit will feature sessions that address: The link between food access and health; The role of accessible parks and recreational facilities in fostering healthy lifestyles; Unique public-private partnerships working to address diabetes in urban settings; Building a culture of wellness and the benefits of teaching a child to cook; Barriers to physical activity for girls of color; Changing the school food environment; Industry solutions to reducing sugar consumption and The latest science behind new, emerging pathways to health. Leaders from the public and private sector driving these conversations include: Fannie Mae, Hyatt Hotels Corporation, Kaiser Permanente, Mars Inc., the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and Under Armour, among many others. President Bill Clinton will deliver remarks on May 11th, and PHA's Honorary Chair, First Lady Michelle Obama will participate in a moderated conversation on May 12th. For more information, visit www.ahealthieramerica.org/summit. Media interested in covering the event should register for credentials by visiting ahealthieramerica.org/summit/press. For more information please contact news@ahealthieramerica.org. About Partnership for a Healthier America The Partnership for a Healthier America (PHA) is devoted to working with the private sector to ensure the health of our nation's youth by solving the childhood obesity crisis. In 2010, PHA was created in conjunction with—but independent from—First Lady Michelle Obama's Let's Move! effort. PHA is a nonpartisan, nonprofit organization that is led by some of the nation's most respected health and childhood obesity experts. PHA brings together public, private and nonprofit leaders to broker meaningful commitments and develop strategies to end childhood obesity. Most important, PHA ensures that commitments made are commitments kept by working with unbiased third parties to monitor and publicly report on the progress our partners are making. For more information about PHA, please visit www.ahealthieramerica.org and follow PHA on Twitter @PHAnews. Media Contact: Sutton Resler sresler@apcoworldwide.com; (571) 236-4966 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/retail-food-service-child-care-and-health-care-leaders-to-sponsor-2017-building-a-healthier-future-summit-300447638.html SOURCE The Partnership for a Healthier America 13 Apr, 2017, 10:53 ET Preview: President Bill Clinton & Former First Lady Michelle Obama to Participate in the 2017 Partnership for a Healthier America Summit, May 10-12 in Washington, D.C. My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 13 Apr, 2017, 10:53 ET President Bill Clinton & Former First Lady Michelle Obama to... Explore More news releases in similar topics Food & Beverages Retail Health Care & Hospitals Not For Profit You just read: Retail, Food Service, Child Care and Health Care Leaders to Sponsor 2017 Building a Healthier Future Summit News provided by The Partnership for a Healthier America 27 Apr, 2017, 16:45 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Home News Local News Sports Crime Call 12 for Action Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Politics US & World Street Stories Entertainment News eNews & Alerts Signup Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Live Streaming: CBS News News Team Sky Drone 12 News Links Weather Detailed 7-Day Radar Pinpoint Traffic Futurecast Threat Tracker Current Conditions Ocean & Bay Winter Weather Resources Severe Weather Satellite Weather Alerts Closings Power Outages Alerts Signup Weather Blog Pic of the Day Pinpoint Weather App Pinpoint Weather Network Live Cams: Remote Video Target 12 Target 12 Home Inside Mafia Tim White Walt Buteau Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Consumer Investigations Eyewitness News Investigates 12 for Action CFA Home Consumer Guide Parent Guide Recalls Job Finder Contact Call for Action Call 12 For Action Volunteer Application Report It! Submit ReportIt! ReportIt! Photo Galleries Rhode Show Happening Here Food and Drink Homelife Style Living Healthy Rhode Show On The Go App Summer Stars Money Matters Talking Tech Contests Coming Up This Week Watch Live Weekdays 9a-10a On Air TV Schedule FOX Providence myRITV Newsmakers Executive Suite The Money Pros Dan Yorke State of Mind News Links News Team More Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Pinpoint Traffic Community Community Calendar TV Schedule Contests & Sweepstakes About Us Contact Us Work for Us Obituaries Rescue a Pet Morning Message Eyewitness News App Pinpoint Weather App Rhode Show On The Go App Podcasts 54° F Overcast Hi: 66° F Lo: 51° F Detailed 7 Day Live Radar Weather Blog 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Sports Crime Call 12 for Action Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Politics US & World Street Stories Entertainment News eNews & Alerts Signup Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Live Streaming: CBS News News Team Sky Drone 12 News Links Featured: 38 Studios Aaron Hernandez First 100 Days Special Reports UHIP Westport Farm Abuse Latest Headlines Central Falls hit-and-run victim dies from injuries April 27, 2017 Man struck in last week’s hit-and-run crash has died. Feds slap state with $800K fine over UHIP contract change April 27, 2017 It was a heated meeting of the House Oversight Committee as members claimed they weren’t informed of the fine AP-NORC poll: Most teens have taken social media break Updated: 4 mins ago Portsmouth man waging battle against RhodeWorks signs April 27, 2017 Local police departments to participate in Drug Take-Back Day April 27, 2017 Weather Weather Detailed 7-Day Radar Pinpoint Traffic Futurecast Threat Tracker Current Conditions Ocean & Bay Winter Weather Resources Severe Weather Satellite Weather Alerts Closings Power Outages Alerts Signup Weather Blog Pic of the Day Pinpoint Weather App Pinpoint Weather Network Live Cams: Remote Video Featured: Storm Ready Resource Guide Current Conditions 54° F Overcast Feels Like: 54° F Wind: S 7 Humidity: 100% Dewpoint: 54° F Sunrise: 5:47 AM Sunset: 7:40 PM Live Radar & Futurecasts Live Radar 7 Day Futurecast Currently Ocean Sponsored by: Target 12 Target 12 Target 12 Home Inside Mafia Tim White Walt Buteau Ted Nesi Dan McGowan Consumer Investigations Eyewitness News Investigates Featured: 38 Studios Gordon Fox Investigation PawSox Future Special Reports Where's the Chief? Latest Headlines Brown professor accused of berating Providence cop April 27, 2017 TARGET 12 The professor claims the Providence officer verbally assaulted him. Mistaken Identity: Arrested for someone else’s crime April 27, 2017 TARGET 12 Court officials don’t know why two men who share a first name and a birthday became connected in a statewide law enforcement database. Florida prosecutors want all of killer Craig Price’s case files April 27, 2017 Former bar owner sentenced to prison for bribing Gordon Fox April 26, 2017 Special prosecutor assigned to Craig Price case in Florida April 25, 2017 12 for Action 12 for Action CFA Home Consumer Guide Parent Guide Recalls Job Finder Contact Call for Action Call 12 For Action Volunteer Application Featured: Gas Tracker Latest Headlines Hash brown recall for golf ball pieces expands to Wegmans Updated: 4 mins ago ROCHESTER, N.Y. (AP) — A food company has recalled Wegmans branded frozen hash browns in six states because they may contain pieces of golf … RI sends duplicate tax refund checks to 500 taxpayers April 26, 2017 A state official said only one check per taxpayer can be cashed, however. FDA: Companies making bogus cancer cure claims are on notice April 25, 2017 Families of 2 women who died on ATV in Utah sue Polaris April 27, 2017 FDA: Don’t give young kids codeine or tramadol April 25, 2017 Report It! Submit ReportIt! ReportIt! Photo Galleries Rhode Show Rhode Show Happening Here Food and Drink Homelife Style Living Healthy Rhode Show On The Go App Summer Stars Money Matters Talking Tech Contests Coming Up This Week Watch Live Weekdays 9a-10a Featured: Audrey McClelland Jill Marinelli On The Rhode RI Monthly Roger Williams Park Zoo Latest Headlines In the Kitchen: The Perfect Burger April 27, 2017 The Eat Drink RI Festival brings us Chef Ashley Vanasse of Easy Entertaining making the Perfect Burger. Duluth Trading Co. offers lumberjack lesson April 27, 2017 Duluth Trading Company announced the opening of its Warwick retail location, which marks the brand’s 20th store in the U.S. In celebration o… “The Doctors” Are In! April 27, 2017 Summer camp fun at The Children’s Workshop April 27, 2017 Spring beauty and skincare favorites April 27, 2017 On Air TV Schedule FOX Providence myRITV Newsmakers Executive Suite The Money Pros Dan Yorke State of Mind News Links News Team More Live Streaming: Eyewitness News Pinpoint Traffic Community Community Calendar TV Schedule Contests & Sweepstakes About Us Contact Us Work for Us Obituaries Rescue a Pet Morning Message Eyewitness News App Pinpoint Weather App Rhode Show On The Go App Podcasts Search for: Search the site 54° F Overcast Hi: 66° F Lo: 51° F 3 hurt in Dartmouth rollover crash By Shaun Towne Published: April 27, 2017, 5:29 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Photo: Dartmouth Police Department DARTMOUTH, Mass. (WPRI) — Emergency crews are on the scene of a serious crash in Dartmouth. The two SUVs collided Thursday on Route 6 in the area of Walmart, leaving one overturned on its roof. Three people were transported to the hospital with injuries, according to Dartmouth Police Det. Kyle Costa. Photo: Dartmouth Police Department Police said westbound travel on Route 6 is down to one lane and urged drivers to use caution in the area. Eyewitness News is gathering details. This story will be updated with the latest. Share this: Email Print Twitter Facebook Google Pinterest More LinkedIn Tumblr Reddit Send to Kindle Pocket Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Police respond to fatal car crash on Cross Road in Dartmouth Dartmouth police ID victim in fatal crash Dartmouth votes Tuesday on critical step in new police headquarters In effort to save lives, police, RIDOT track accident hot spots Advertisement « Previous Story Advertisement Busted in Southern New England Mugshot Gallery: April 2017 April 17, 2017 A collection of mugshots showing suspects recently arrested in Southern New England. Trending Now on WPRI.com Must See Photo Galleries Latest Galleries Mugshot Gallery: April 2017 Photos: 2017 Boston Marathon Massive fire destroys West Greenwich home Photos: Opening Day at Fenway Park PHOTOS: Van goes into Providence Restaurant News Links Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WPRI 12 Eyewitness News © 1998-2017 WPRI.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Sports Target 12 Call 12 for Action Report It! Rhode Show Community Station About Us Contact Us Advertise Work for Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC File – WPRI EEO Report Children’s TV Report Nexstar Partners CBS FOX CNN WTNH WWLP On Air Live Streaming TV Schedule FOX Providence Newsmakers Executive Suite The Money Pros Dan Yorke State of Mind News Links News Team Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Advertisement Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Cache Valley® Creamery Partners With Real Salt Lake™ For A Season Full Of Family-Friendly Events SANDY, Utah, April 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Cache Valley® Creamery announced today that the Utah-born brand is partnering with Salt Lake City’s Major League Soccer™ club, Real Salt Lake™, for the 2017 season. The partnership, which kicked off at the home opener on March 4, brings excitement to Real Salt Lake and Cache Valley fans alike with a series of contests, family-friendly events and game-day experiences throughout the season. „We are proud to welcome Cache Valley Creamery as a sponsor and partner of Real Salt Lake,” said Andy Carroll, Chief Business Officer of Real Salt Lake. „This is a unique opportunity for our team, along with another brand trusted and loved by Utahans, to enhance the fan experience and help our community feel closer to the Real Salt Lake organization and players.” To kick things off, the brand has partnered with local radio stations KUBL and KBEE to offer ten of Real Salt Lake’s biggest fans a VIP Experience at Rio Tinto Stadium. Starting April 3, listeners will get the chance to win special access to the May 6 game against FC Dallas™, which will include tickets for one adult and one child (between ages five and 16), dinner at the AFCU Pavilion, pre-game sideline passes and a post-game autograph session. Even more, one lucky Grand Prize winner will get his or her moment in the spotlight at a post-game press conference, acting as a reporter and asking their favorite player a single question. Fans can also enter to win at http://www.rsl.com/post/2017/04/21/enter-win-vip-experience-cache-valley-creamery. „It is an honor to work with the Real Salt Lake organization,” said Flavia Panza, Senior Marketing Director for Cache Valley Creamery. „Utah is the heart of our brand, and we look forward to strengthening our relationship with the community by joining in on the fun of the 2017 soccer season.” Throughout the season, RSL fans can enjoy melt-in-your-mouth Royal Grilled Cheese sandwiches made with Cache Valley Slices at in-stadium concessions, as well as engage with the brand on a Mini Foot-Golf course complete with cheese-themed obstacles at Carnival Real, just outside Rio Tinto Stadium. At select games, attendees will also have the chance to sample Cache Valley String Cheese and take a spin at the Cache Valley Cheese Wheel to win soccer jerseys, water bottles and more. Later in the summer, fans will enjoy even more halftime fun and must-see promotions presented by Cache Valley around Father’s Day and back-to-school. ABOUT CACHE VALLEY® CREAMERY Since 1937, Cache Valley® Creamery has been offering delicious cheese and butter using only the highest-quality ingredients to Utahans and surrounding areas. Dedication to quality means consumers can expect wholesome, expertly crafted cheese every time.Cache Valley Creamery products are sold at retailers throughout Utah, including Walmart, Smith’s, Macey’s, Fresh Market, Harmon’s and more. ABOUT REAL SALT LAKE: Real Salt Lake recently kicked off its 13th Major League Soccer season in 2017, the Utah side buoyed by a passionate fan base boasting nearly 13,000 season ticket holders at its Rio Tinto Stadium home in Sandy, where the „Claret-and-Cobalt” has enjoyed a most pronounced home-field advantage in Major League Soccer, posting an impressive 97-22-39 mark in the building since its opening in October, 2008. In search of hardware, RSL seeks to reach the MLS Cup Playoffs for the ninth time in 10 years this season, a remarkable run among Major League Soccer’s elite that includes an MLS Cup 2009 title, the state of Utah’s only major professional championship in the last 40 years. Recent campaigns have seen RSL advance to another MLS Cup title game, losing in 2013 via a penalty-kick shootout in Kansas City, where the 2015 squad also dropped a Semifinal match in the Lamar Hunt U.S. Open Cup. RSL lost an Open Cup Final at home in 2013, the one-goal loss to D.C. United a bitter reminder of the Club’s groundbreaking (and ultimately heartbreaking) run to the CONCACAF Champions League Final in 2011, when the club became the first-ever – and still only – U.S. side to progress within one goal of advancing to the FIFA Club World Cup. Opening in Fall, 2017, Real Salt Lake’s regional training campus arrives in Herriman, Utah, approximately 20 minutes southwest of Rio Tinto Stadium. The $60 million facility will serve as the daily training home beginning in 2018 for both of the club’s professional teams – RSL (MLS) and Real Monarchs (USL) – while centralizing the club’s U-18, U-16 and future U-14 development academy youth selections. The Herriman facility will provide adjacencies for an on-site charter school opening this September with STEM disciplines (Science/Technology/Engineering/Math) for nearly 300 boys and girls. Late last year in North Logan, Utah, RSL Owner Dell Loy Hansen broke ground on the first of a half-dozen regional training centers across Utah and Arizona to be built in the next 2-3 years. Each $5 million RTC houses a classroom, as well as an indoor and outdoor field, dedicated to fulfilling a curriculum consistent with the club’s vision and mission for youth soccer training and education, and the continued development of both recreational and competitive pre-Academy (ages 7-12) initiatives across Utah and Arizona. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/cache-valley-creamery-partners-with-real-salt-lake-for-a-season-full-of-family-friendly-events-300447663.html SOURCE Cache Valley® Creamery CategoriesUncategorized TagsLicensing Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Time to Ride the Tech Wave Next PostNext Smoothie King Enjoys Successful First Quarter of 2017 with Same-Store Sales Up 4.5 Percent and Agreements for 48 New Stores Search Recent Posts Marapharm Ventures Inc. announces an online news channel for awareness of the sector and of Marapharm Baytex to Webcast Annual Meeting of Shareholders Human Microbiome Market to Witness Comprehensive Growth by 2020 : Persistence Market Research Industrial Communication Market to Reach $135.64 Billion With 14.4% CAGR Forecast to 2022 Global Hybrid Street Lighting Systems Market to Surge at a CAGR of 7.02% During the Forecast Period of 2017-2021 Proudly powered by WordPress
Menu Technology Leadership Entertainment Ideas Video News Subscribe Collections The Most Innovative Companies The top 50 companies in entertainment, media, sports, technology, and more. Most Creative People Meet this year's inspiring leaders. Innovation By Design A showcase for ingenious design solutions. World Changing Ideas New workplaces, new food sources, new medicine—even an entirely new economic system. Out of Office With Industry leaders offer a glimpse of their lives outside of the office--and how these experiences have helped to get them where they are today. Creative Conversations Creative dialogue can reinvent your business, your brand, and your career. Join Fast Company on a multi-platform exploration of the art of conversation. Mind and Machine Computers are getting smart--very smart. Fast Company explains the complex and increasingly influential world of artificial intelligence and machine learning. Master Class How the top talent from creative fields get work done. Startup Report The up-and-coming companies that are disrupting industries. Innovation Agents Profiles of the high-level business leaders behind progressive, creative, and innovative organizations Tech Forecast A roundup of breaking tech news, products, and services featuring the most important takeaways. Current Issue Subscribe Follow Fast Company We’ll come to you. 04.27.17 | 4:18 pm What YouTube boycott? Alphabet shrugs off Google ad exodus with higher-than-expected revenue in Q1 Last month, it looked like YouTube had a real problem on its hands, what with numerous big-name marketers pulling out due to concerns that their ads were appearing alongside extremist videos. Companies like PepsiCo, Walmart, Starbucks, GM, and Dish Network all pulled out. But it doesn't appear that the advertiser exodus hurt YouTube parent company Alphabet's bottom line. Today, Alphabet released its first-quarter earnings report, just beating analysts' expectations. For the quarter, the company brought in revenues of $24.75 billion, while analysts had predicted $24.19 billion, and earnings per share of $7.73, higher than predictions of $7.40. And Google's ad revenues came in at $21.41 billion, up 18.8% year-over-year.  DT alphabet 04.27.17 | 6:11 pm With India’s success, Amazon has more plans for international domination Amazon's most recent earnings report was a blockbuster. The company saw revenue increasing 23% to $35.7 billion. Of the company's net sales this quarter, 32% was from its international businesses. At the earnings call CFO Brian Olsavsky said the company sees huge potential with these markets. India, specifically, is one area Amazon is investing heavily in. The company launched Amazon Prime, original Indian programming for the country, as well as devices tailored specifically for India customers. Olsavsky described international markets as "important investment areas." While he wouldn't go into more details, the CFO said the company is going to continue investing heavily in these non-U.S. markets. This includes expanding global Prime benefits, launching new internationally targeted devices, as well as investing in more warehouses. Needless to say: Expect to see more announcements and investments in this vein.  CGW Seize the day! Get the FastCoNews daily newsletter and never miss out on the most important, compelling and thought-provoking news in the worlds of business, tech, and innovation. Send 04.27.17 | 5:52 pm Anthony Levandowski will no longer oversee self-driving tech at Uber Anthony Levandowski, the man over whom Google and Uber are squabbling, is stepping aside from his role as head of the company's Advanced Technologies Group. Eric Meyhofer will now lead those efforts, according to an email obtained by both Business Insider and Bloomberg. The reason? Waymo's lawsuit accusing Levandowski, a former employee, of stealing intellectual property and infringing on its lidar-related patents. The email goes on to distance Levandowski from the company's lidar technology, a refrain we've been hearing for a while from Uber:  As you know, I currently don't provide input on detailed LiDAR design choices. But making this organizational change means I will have absolutely no oversight over or input into our LiDAR work. Going forward, please make sure not to include me in meetings or email threads related to LiDAR, or ask me for advice on the topic.  RR Uber 04.27.17 | 5:31 pm Google is getting ready to put its voice assistant everywhere While Amazon is already getting its Alexa voice assistant into all kinds of products, Google is now in hot pursuit. The search giant has just released a software development kit for the Google Assistant, allowing anyone to create their own voice-controlled hardware prototypes. Google says it will open the SDK to commercial device makers "across a wide range of hardware" later this year, but for now the kit is mainly for hobbyists who want to tinker. If you've been pining for a Google version of the Alexa Big Mouth Bass, now's your chance. [Photo: Google] JN 04.27.17 | 5:05 pm Jeff Bezos just made $2.7B in one hour Amazon's quarterly earnings numbers were just reported, and the company beat analyst expectations. The stock is now seeing a huge surge in after-hours trading. It's been hovering close to a 4% increase for quite a while now.  Doing quick back-of-napkin arithmetic, I looked at how much Jeff Bezos's 80.9 million Amazon shares were worth when markets closed ($918.38/share) compared to what the price is now at 5 p.m. ET ($952/share). In these 60 minutes alone the Amazon founder made a jaw-dropping $2.7 billion.  CGW jeff bezos 04.27.17 | 4:29 pm Amazon handily beat expectations in Q1 earnings  Amazon is having a pretty good year so far. The company just released Q1 2017 earnings, and it beat analyst expectations on nearly every count. Revenue went up 23% to $35.7 billion, compared to $29.1 billion the same period last year. Earnings-per-share hit $1.48, exceeding analyst expectations of $1.13. Retail subscriptions saw a huge boost, too, so we can expect to hear great things about Prime. Unsurprisingly, the stock is seeing a surge—it's currently up about 4% up in after-hours trading. Here's a quick rundown of the stats: We'll be listening to the earnings presentation later this afternoon, so stay tuned! CGW 04.27.17 | 3:39 pm DJI makes it harder for ISIS to use its drones as weapons in Syria It's one thing to fight against well-armed troops or military aircraft. It's another thing altogether to have to worry about consumer drones coming out of nowhere bearing grenades or other explosives. And that's something military authorities have been increasingly concerned about tackling as they take on ISIS.  But now, according to The Register, drone giant DJI has attempted to help with this problem by updating geofencing software on its drones to make much of Syria a no-fly zone. This is not a fail-safe system, and there are other drone companies. But DJI is far and away the world's largest, so this step could go a long way to keeping drones out of the fight, at least in Syria. DT DJI 04.27.17 | 12:16 pm This video game lets you clean virtual plastic from the ocean Millions of tons of plastic waste enter the oceans every year, causing increasing environmental and economic damage. A new video game wants to help clean up some of that garbage, at first virtually and then hopefully in real life.  The nonprofit group We Are The Oceans (not to be confused with the U.K. band We Are The Ocean) has created a strangely difficult video game where players are challenged to clean a million pounds of plastic out of the ocean in the hopes of saving the endangered Vaquita porpoise and other creatures. Think of it as an underwater Flappy Bird, dodging floating straws and other obstacles in the ocean. It's a fun game with a serious message, as plastics pose a dire threat to the oceans' health. By 2050, there could be more plastic in the water than fish, according to one estimate. To thwart that, play the game and take We Are The Oceans' pledge to curb plastic use. ML 04.27.17 | 11:38 am E-books are no longer flying off the e-shelves Turns out that just because you can read the great works of literature (and all the great business books you can stomach) on an e-reader, doesn't mean everyone wants to. The Guardian reports that e-book sales in the U.K. have dropped by 17%. They placed the blame on so-called screen fatigue. Basically, people are so tired of staring into screens all day for work, and all night for entertainment, and at all other times in between to check on their Tinder—er, LinkedIn—profiles, that when it comes to reading a book, readers are yearning for good old-fashioned paper. Perhaps Amazon and other e-book distributors should start sending book-scented candles out with each purchase. "I wouldn't say that the e-book dream is over but people are clearly making decisions on when they want to spend time with their screens," Stephen Lotinga, chief executive of the Publishers Association, told The Guardian. Don't hold a wake for your Kindle quite yet, though. While the market is slumping, it still raked in £204m ($263 million) from people who don't want anyone on the subway to know what book they're reading. [Photo: Unsplash user @jamestarbotton] ML Amazon 04.27.17 | 10:55 am Report: Apple may be developing a Venmo competitor Apple has big ambitions when it comes to mobile wallets, but the Cupertino, California, company has been off to a slow start. Two and a half years since the launch of Apple Pay in the U.S., for example, less than 1 in 10 iPhone users have tried the service.  Now Apple is looking for another way in. According to Recode, the company is in talks with payments industry partners to develop a cash-transfer service similar to Venmo. Apple has also considered developing a pre-paid debit card in partnership with Visa, Recode said. Both offerings, in theory, would support broader Apple Pay adoption by giving users more reasons to transact within the Apple ecosystem.  Peer-to-peer payments has become an increasingly crowded space. Zelle, a P2P network backed by big banks, processed $55 billion in transactions last year, while Venmo processed $17.6 billion. Earlier this month Facebook debuted group payments in Messenger.  AOC 04.27.17 | 10:48 am In the era of #FakeNews, the U.S. has dropped in press freedom ranking The United States has fallen in the ranking of press freedom around the world, according to the latest survey released by Reporters Without Borders. The U.S. dropped two spots to number 43 in the 2017 World Press Freedom Index. The drop comes in the wake of the election of Donald Trump, who frequently tweets that the New York Times and Washington Post are reporting "fake news," which RSF considers to be an attack on the First Amendment:  US press freedom, enshrined in the First Amendment to the 1787 constitution, has encountered several major obstacles over the past few years, most recently with the election of President Donald Trump. He has declared the press an "enemy of the American people" in a series of verbal attacks toward journalists, while attempting to block White House access to multiple media outlets in retaliation for critical reporting. Perhaps making America great again should start with getting this number up. Read the full report here. ML donald trump 04.27.17 | 10:45 am Can hacking clouds save the Great Barrier Reef? By most accounts, the Great Barrier Reef is dying. Warming oceans have bleached over two-thirds of the natural wonder and scientist fear it has reached a critical tipping point from which it cannot come back.   In a last-ditch effort to save the largest reef in the world, scientists have come up with a plan that involves cloud hacking. This isn't the cloud hacking that resulted in the theft of private photos of Jennifer Lawrence, but hacking actual clouds. Scientists hope that if they can make the clouds over the reef brighter and more reflective, it will allow the water surrounding the reef to cool, reviving the delicate coral community.  A team of Australian researchers at the Sydney Institute of Marine Science is working on the seemingly farfetched plan and so far believe it just might be possible. The concept, according to The Times, is to spray tiny salt particles, harvested from sea water, at low-lying clouds causing them to increase their density, reflecting the sun's heat back into space. It's a wild idea, but scientists are willing to try it, if it might cool the water temperature even a little. "We wouldn't want to have to do these geo-engineering ideas and deliberately make clouds over the reef if we didn't have to," researcher Daniel Harrison told Australian news outlet ABC. It's a desperate move, but these are desperate times for the warming planet.  ML jennifer lawrence Advertise Privacy Policy Terms About Us Site Map Fast Company & Inc © Mansueto Ventures, LLC
Latest News Dow 20,981 +6.24 +0.03% Nasdaq 6,049 +23.71 +0.39% S&P 500 2,389 +1.32 +0.06% 2:52 A.M. ET Updated How U.K. GDP data could yank the pound back down to $1.26 2:51 A.M. ET Updated Trump says a ‘major, major conflict’ with North Korea is possible 2:47 A.M. ET Updated Trump on being President: ‘I thought it would be easier’ 2:38 A.M. ET Opinion A world turned inside out: Emerging economies have emerged on top 2:37 A.M. ET Amazon cut to sector weight from overweight at Pacific Crest 2:36 A.M. ET Bank of Ireland trading in line despite Brexit 2:35 A.M. ET Sony expects operating profit to rise to $4.5 bln 2:35 A.M. ET Old Mutual Unit assets grow 6% 2:34 A.M. ET U.K. government cuts Lloyds stake to below 1% 2:34 A.M. ET RBS swings to better than expected profit 2:33 A.M. ET France's GDP growth slows ahead of election 2:32 A.M. ET Linde profit, revenue beats expectations 2:32 A.M. ET Barclays profit halves on African write-down 2:30 A.M. ET Baidu CFO to head investment firm Baidu Capital 2:23 A.M. ET Sanofi profit jumps on sale of animal-health unit 2:23 A.M. ET Japan's core inflation up 0.2%, missing views 2:22 A.M. ET Japan's industrial output falls more than expected 2:22 A.M. ET Taiwan's economic growth slows less than expected 2:22 A.M. ET U.K. consumer sentiment drops slightly in April 2:20 A.M. ET Nokia links its comeback to new devices Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Retail, Food Service, Child Care and Health Care Leaders to Sponsor 2017 Building a Healthier Future Summit By Published: Apr 27, 2017 4:45 p.m. ET Share Companies join experts from government, industry and academia to address the childhood obesity epidemic WASHINGTON, April 27, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Today, the Partnership for a Healthier America (PHA) announced sponsors for the 2017 Building a Healthier Future Summit. For seven years, PHA has worked with the private sector and Honorary Chairwoman and Former First Lady Michelle Obama to help busy parents and families make healthier choices easier. This year's Summit will take place May 10-12 at the Renaissance Washington D.C. Downtown Hotel. The PHA Summit convenes leading companies, private sector, government, academia and philanthropic leaders to discuss real solutions to ending America's childhood obesity crisis. Novo Nordisk, the 2017 PHA Summit National Sponsor, is a global health care company with more than 90 years of innovation and leadership in diabetes care. "We are delighted to have the support of the following companies as additional sponsors of the event: Aquafina, Avocados From Mexico, Bright Horizons Family Solutions, Inc., Mars Food, McLane Company, Inc., Meredith Corporation, Sodexo, Inc., The Dannon Company, The Specialized Foundation and Walmart," said Blythe Thomas, Chief Communications Officer of PHA. "All of these great companies are showing their commitment to PHA's work through their generous support of the Summit and we are extremely grateful for their sponsorships." Among other topics, the 2017 Summit will feature sessions that address: The link between food access and health; The role of accessible parks and recreational facilities in fostering healthy lifestyles; Unique public-private partnerships working to address diabetes in urban settings; Building a culture of wellness and the benefits of teaching a child to cook; Barriers to physical activity for girls of color; Changing the school food environment; Industry solutions to reducing sugar consumption and The latest science behind new, emerging pathways to health. Leaders from the public and private sector driving these conversations include: Fannie Mae, Hyatt Hotels Corporation, Kaiser Permanente, Mars Inc., the Robert Wood Johnson Foundation and Under Armour, among many others. President Bill Clinton will deliver remarks on May 11 [th] , and PHA's Honorary Chair, First Lady Michelle Obama will participate in a moderated conversation on May 12 [th] . For more information, visit www.ahealthieramerica.org/summit. Media interested in covering the event should register for credentials by visiting ahealthieramerica.org/summit/press . For more information please contact news@ahealthieramerica.org . About Partnership for a Healthier America The Partnership for a Healthier America (PHA) is devoted to working with the private sector to ensure the health of our nation's youth by solving the childhood obesity crisis. In 2010, PHA was created in conjunction with—but independent from—First Lady Michelle Obama's Let's Move! effort. PHA is a nonpartisan, nonprofit organization that is led by some of the nation's most respected health and childhood obesity experts. PHA brings together public, private and nonprofit leaders to broker meaningful commitments and develop strategies to end childhood obesity. Most important, PHA ensures that commitments made are commitments kept by working with unbiased third parties to monitor and publicly report on the progress our partners are making. For more information about PHA, please visit  www.ahealthieramerica.org  and follow PHA on Twitter @PHAnews. Media Contact: Sutton Resler sresler@apcoworldwide.com; (571) 236-4966 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/retail-food-service-child-care-and-health-care-leaders-to-sponsor-2017-building-a-healthier-future-summit-300447638.html SOURCE The Partnership for a Healthier America Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Trump threatens South Korean free-trade deal, says war with North possible Amazon is worth so much because AWS is tech’s true unicorn These are the only 9 stocks Morningstar is fully bullish on Americans may soon have to kiss these lucrative personal tax deductions goodbye Aging Drivers Propel Self-Driving Technology in Japan MarketWatch Partner Center Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found
More Sites Times News Legals Autos Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Courts Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Courts Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested Contests Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections First degree murder trial Johnson City murder case ends with guilty verdict — VIDEO Becky Campbell • Updated Yesterday at 5:07 PM bcampbell@johnsoncitypress.com The deck was likely stacked against Aaron Garland the moment he knocked on Karen Parker’s door more than a year ago, an act that started the domino effect that put him in prison for the rest of his life. Garland, 23, of Elizabethton, was convicted Thursday of first-degree murder and robbery in the Aug. 18, 2015, death of 59-year-old Karen Parker. Garland was on trial this week in Jonesborough. His co-defendant in the case, Dallas Sarden, 24, of Greeneville, will face a jury later this year. Each man apparently blamed the other for Parker’s death and theft of her bank debit card. In a statement to police after his arrest on an unrelated charge, Garland said he wasn’t going to refuse the food Sarden had bought for him, but claimed he had nothing to do with Parker’s death or taking the card. He did, however, tell a police investigator that he took $45 from Parker’s wallet, money that he later used to buy the pair food at Red Lobster. Garland’s statement also put him in Parker’s residence, taking turns with Sarden holding Parker down as the other ransacked the apartment looking for her car keys. They apparently didn’t find the keys, but did find the cash, Parker’s bank card and a $20 Walmart gift card — a birthday gift from her sister. Defense attorney Bill Francisco fought tooth and nail for Garland, trying to cast just enough doubt on the state’s case to get his client acquitted. But it only took the jury an hour to eat lunch and return its verdict: Criminal Court Judge Stacy Street handed the case to the panel at 11:37 a.m. Thursday, and by 12:45 p.m., the jury signaled it had a decision. It didn’t help that defense witnesses didn’t deliver for Francisco on how he described their testimony during opening statements. Barbara Friday and Patricia Reed were two defense witnesses who had seen Parker the day before the killing. Friday had helped Parker with laundry — a task the defense had alleged was necessary due to Parker’s being intoxicated — and drove her to her apartment because Parker’s wrist was injured from a fall. Friday did say Parker was a little down, but she denied her friend was intoxicated. Reed testified she went with Friday to Parker’s apartment and saw papers scattered around and they helped her pick them up. But when prosecutors showed both women the photos of the crime scene — which showed several drawers pulled out and the contents dumped, Parker’s purse contents dumped on a chair and the loveseat cushions off, they said it wasn’t in that much disarray when they were there. Friday said she and Parker talked awhile at the laundry room, but couldn’t really remember what they said. “She was sick, sorta sick that day and didn’t feel good,” Friday said. “I took her laundry, set it in the living room floor. When I walked in I had a really weird feeling, like someone was watching me,” Friday told the jury during her testimony. “I showed them the pictures and asked them if it was anything like the drawers pulled out, stuff all over the chair, cushions pulled off the couch … they said, ‘No nothing like that,’ ” Assistant District Attorney General Ken Baldwin said during closing arguments. The defense “failed in their effort to try to show you or to get you to believe that the mess is something that was already there. Well, it wasn’t already there,” Baldwin said. In her testimony, Reed denied claims that when she visited Parker’s she was greeted at the door by Parker, allegedly so intoxicated she was on her knees. Others had testified that Parker had undergone several surgeries on her knees and was missing one kneecap, so she was unable to get down on her knees. In closing arguments, Francisco assured the jury he didn’t mean to “disparage” Parker or her character, but told the panel Parker was an addict and high the day before she died. A toxicology report showed there were four medications in Parker’s system, but a toxicologist testified they were within therapeutic limits. Francisco also pointed to two state witnesses who saw Parker the afternoon before she died. Those visits — one a maintenance man and one a next-door neighbor — had brief encounters with Parker but both said she acted like her normal self. Francisco focused on the extended visit Friday had with Parker and told the panel, “Ms. Friday knew (Parker’s) wrist was hurting. She was in pain, she was depressed, she talked about she wanted to die.” Assistant District Attorney General Fred Lance took the state’s last round of closing arguments and summed up the case with a number of instances he said proved Parker wasn’t suicidal and her injuries were the result of Garland and Sarden’s actions. “She was doing laundry,” Lance said. “Some poor depressed person doped up in her home isn’t doing laundry. Ms. (Vanessa) Goss saw her. Said she was doing good, she was in good spirits. In fact she was talking about her baking a cake. Is a person contemplating (suicide asking someone to make her a cake)?” he asked. “The state has proved beyond a reasonable doubt, with evidence, that Aaron Garland ... robbed Karen Parker,” Lance said, raising his voice. “ They robbed her of $45 they ate on. They robbed her of a gift card. That was her birthday money. “There’s one more thing Aaron Garland robbed Karen Parker of,” Lance said after a pause and in a quieter voice. “He robbed her of her last breath on this earth. Robbed her. Killed her.” Garland was on judicial diversion for theft and forgery charges prior to Parker’s murder. If he had completed that term of probation, those charged would have been dismissed. Now he faces violations on those cases as well as a failure to appear charge.     Other video from the trial:     Reported earlier: An Elizabethton man was convicted Thursday in the August 2015 smothering death and robbery of a woman inside her own Johnson City apartment. Aaron Garland, 23, was convicted of killing  59-year-old Karen Parker. Garland was on trial this week in Jonesborough. His co-defendant in the case, Dallas Sarden, 24, of Greeneville, will face a jury later this year. The jury deliberated less than an hour on the case after hearing closing arguments and the jury instructions. Both families had tears — Parker’s family due to the relief of justice and Garland’s supports at the prospect he’ll spend the rest of his life in prison. There will be a formal sentencing hearing in August, but first-degree felony murder carries an automatic life sentence. Keep checking www.JohnsonCityPress.com for more details about the case and verdict. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
GoSearch Replay: WHNT News WHNT News 19 TV Schedule Search Contact Us WHNT.com Menu News Sports Taking Action Photos On-Air Community Legal Contests Weather 60° 60° Low 63° High 79° Fri 57° 85° Sat 67° 90° Sun 68° 87° See complete forecast Severe weather alert Stolen credit card information used by skimmers in Florence Posted 3:13 pm, April 27, 2017, by Carter Watkins Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email FLORENCE, Ala. – The Florence Police Department is asking for the public’s help in locating a group of suspected skimmers. Here are surveillance pictures of the two suspects police are looking for. According to investigators, they gained debit card information from residents of the Shoals and went shopping. Authorities said the breach of information likely happened on April 19 and 20. The men went to Walmart’s in Florence and used the stolen information to purchase gift cards before disappearing in a black Chevrolet Tahoe. Florence police would like to identify the men who are responsible for stealing nearly $5,000 from residents bank accounts. Russellville police are providing this week’s most wanted. Joshua Dewayne Files is wanted on a grand jury indictment for theft of property. Blaine Lee Saint has two grand jury indictments to answer for. His charges are possession of a forged instrument and theft of property. Eloise Chandler wraps up Russellville’s list this week. She is wanted on grand jury indictments for possession of a forged instrument and theft of property. Help both Florence and Russellville Police Departments find the people we just featured. Call or text the tip line now with your anonymous information. The tip line phone number is (256)386-8685. Tips can also be texted to 274637, simply send your information in the message. If texting, please specify which case you are informing operators about. The Shoals Area Crime Stoppers offers a cash reward for all information which leads to an arrest. 34.794726 -87.671907 Filed in: Shoals CrimeStoppers Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest LinkedIn Email Popular 2 arrests in separate cases lead to $800,000 in drugs being seized Top Public High Schools in Alabama Multiple shots fired into UAH building over the weekend UPDATE: Albertville Police officers arrested one man in connection to Highpoint Road shooting Latest News From tropical cyclones to tornadoes: NOAA Hurricane Hunters studying severe storms in the Southeast Huntsville council rezones first property to C6 to benefit Lowe Mill area redevelopment Friday’s storms: more of a ‘chance’ than a ‘threat’ Madison Police: Avoid 4900 block of Wall Triana Blvd due to a barricaded person Shoals CrimeStoppers Florence Police attempting to identify burglary suspects Shoals CrimeStoppers Russellville police need accused purse snatchers identified Shoals CrimeStoppers Florence gas station robbed; police need help identifying suspect Shoals CrimeStoppers Florence police release video in hopes of identifying theft suspects Shoals CrimeStoppers Police seek identity of Florence theft suspect Shoals CrimeStoppers Russellville theft suspects need identifying; Muscle Shoals PD picks up “Most Wanted” Shoals CrimeStoppers Burglary suspect identity being sought by Muscle Shoals police Shoals CrimeStoppers Police search for Christmas time car burglar in Florence Shoals Florence Police employee arrested on theft charges, accused of mishandling drug evidence News UPDATE: Florence man appears in court on 2,291 counts related to the Possession and Production of Child Pornography Shoals CrimeStoppers Two face felony charges after shopping without paying in Russellville Shoals Former Skate Center DJ accused of sexually assaulting Florence teens Shoals Theft ring broken up in northwest Alabama and southern Tennessee Mobile Apps iPhone & iPad App Android App LiveAlert19 Weather App Facebook Twitter Email Alerts About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 200 Holmes Avenue, Huntsville, AL 35801 • Copyright © 2017, WHNT • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Post to Cancel
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 236% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 104% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 62% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 4/27/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Here's How Fracking Works Our energy analysts explain the ins and outs of one of the newer and more complicated ways producers are getting oil out of the ground. Motley Fool Staff Apr 27, 2017 at 2:15PM Fracking has really taken off in the last few years, and technology is improving at a breakneck pace, allowing companies around the world to tap into oil that used to be totally inaccessible. So, how does it actually work? In this clip from Industry Focus: Energy, Motley Fool analysts Sean O'Reilly and Taylor Muckerman walk listeners through the fracking process. Find out what steps frackers go through to make their drilling safer, how drilling technology has improved recently and what kinds of opportunities that opens up for drillers, and more. A full transcript follows the video. This video was recorded on April 20, 2017. Sean O'Reilly: We've been doing this for a year and a half together. We've talked a lot about fracking. It's kind of all we talk about. Taylor Muckerman: Well, it's what's disrupted the industry over the last decade or so, and it's what put American oil and natural gas back on the map. O'Reilly: I have a good friend who's a petroleum geologist. I remember when he was in school 10 years ago, he gave a presentation about this, and I happened to be on campus. I was just passing through. He was talking about this and how revolutionary it was. He was talking about -- we're going to talk about it in a second -- drilling sideways and all this stuff. It was a big deal, and we hadn't been able to do that until recently. So, first and foremost, we need to clarify some terms. Fracking is actually what happens after a well is drilled. We've been drilling oil wells for over a hundred years. Muckerman: The technology there has definitely improved, but it's not what fracking is. O'Reilly: Have you ever been to Drake's Well, Pa.? Muckerman: I haven't. That's the original, right? O'Reilly: It's so anticlimatic. Muckerman: Yeah, I'm sure. Kind of like the geyser in Yellowstone. Whatever, dude. O'Reilly: The actual well drilling, which, again, going down, we can now go 360 degrees around. That immediately makes any given oil well more valuable. You used to just drill a hole and oil would come up, and that would be it. Muckerman: And you would have to go straight down. But we're going up to 10,000, maybe even a little further down now. O'Reilly: I saw this graphic, and they had Empire State Buildings down. Muckerman: Yeah, multiple Empire State Buildings. O'Reilly: Yeah, they had, like, five. Muckerman: We can go over a mile horizontally once we're a couple miles below the surface. We're not just going straight horizontal anymore. We have directional drilling, where it's basically like a video game -- O'Reilly: Does the bit do any dances, like a shimmy-shimmy? Muckerman: I imagine the movie Tremors, with that big monster eating its way through the ground, and choosing its path at will. O'Reilly: Do you think they saw the movie and thought, "We need to do that"? Muckerman: Yeah. I mean, it's not doing spirals. It has to have some sort of straight direction to it, because they have to have the casings and cement to fortify it. But yeah, we're not just going at a 90-degree angle anymore. O'Reilly: Correct me, but, basically, when they're doing all these drills and the fracking, which we're going to touch upon in a second, a lot of what they do is to basically make sure the hole stays in place and together. Muckerman: Yeah, a lot of pipe and a lot of cement go into this process. The first thousand or so feet, I don't know, it depends on the water level, but they have to protect them first and foremost. O'Reilly: And that gets cased in cement. Muckerman: It does. They lower the piping down, and before they drill any further, they force cement down the hole, and wraps around the pipe at the bottom, and then upfills, and once it's cemented then they can use the drill bit to drill back through the hardened cement, and then they can continue drilling down to the oil and natural gas. First and foremost, they're protecting the water level. O'Reilly: So they're making a thousand-foot straw out of cement. Muckerman: The whole thing is a straw, but that's the most heavily protected part of the straw. O'Reilly: OK, and that's so things don't collapse -- Muckerman: Well, that and so we don't mess up the water table. O'Reilly: Important also. Muckerman: Yeah, so the oil and natural gas aren't seeping out into the water table through cracks in the casings. Basically, what you can imagine is, the top of this hole has the widest casing, and then they just put smaller and smaller casings down through, so it's kind of like a police baton when they snap it out. O'Reilly: Right, or an inverted skyscraper. That's actually a good analogy, the baton. Respect. So, hydraulic fracturing is the use of -- this is what I got offline -- fluid and material to create and restore small fractures and rock formations. One that hopefully has oil and natural gas in it, of course. Muckerman: Yes, you would hope. There's companies out there that help them arrive at that conclusion. O'Reilly: Right. So, historically, you find these geologic formations, and we know the types of rock that usually have reservoirs of oil. That's easy. Muckerman: Yeah, that's called conventional oil. O'Reilly: Yeah, that's conventional oil, and it's easy. It's drilling a hole and There Will Be Blood. Muckerman: Big basins, generally long-lasting wells. O'Reilly: Right. That's what Saudi Arabia has with their Ghawar Field; that's what we're talking about here. This is going down there thousands of feet, and there's oil stuck between the tiniest of rocks. It's actually crazy to think about, that we're getting it out. Muckerman: Yeah, it's thin layers that are separated by sediment and rock. So they drop a wire line into these drilled wells and send an electrical charge through this wire that then creates, like you said, a small explosion, and they do it over stages. O'Reilly: Are you saying they're fracturing the rock, Taylor? Muckerman: They are, they're fracturing the rock. Through the steel casing, and then through the rock, with pellets and things that diffuse reaction. They do it in stages. That's one reason why we're producing more oil now, because we're being able to tighten the spacing, so we can have more stages per well. They frack, they plug, they frack, they plug, they frack, they plug. Then, once they've fracked all the stages, they remove the plugs, and then they start the process of forcing the fluids and proppants down into the fractures. O'Reilly: This is like putting a man on the moon. This is really complex. Muckerman: Maybe even more complicated. O'Reilly: You ever hear the computers they used for the first Apollo 11, the original Game Boy had more computing power than those computers. Muckerman: Yeah, now you're just walking around with several of those in your pocket. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Article Info Apr 27, 2017 at 2:15PM Energy, Materials, and Utilities Read More TechnipFMC Comes Together but Still Faces Tough Conditions U.S. Silica Posts Long-Awaited Profits in Q1 Oceaneering International Inc's Decline Is Starting to Slow National Oilwell Varco, Inc.'s Results Continue Their Slow Grind Higher Not Digging It! Here's Why Coeur Mining Inc. Shares Fell as Much as 10% Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Here's How Fracking Works @themotleyfool #stocks
MCD elections results | E-Paper Sections Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Consumer Education More... MultimediaScienceSportsSpecialsMint on Sunday People Results Management Start-ups Financial Services Manufacturing Retail Telecom Infotech Infrastructure Education World Reports Agriculture Mint 50 Mark to Market Markets Ask Mint Money Calculators Mediclaim Ratings Views Online Views Columns Quick Edit Blogs Lounge Business of Life Slideshows Videos Technology Videos Marketing Research Personal Tech Media Advertising Science Travel 2017: New year, new beginnings The year of surprise Home » Industry Last Modified: Fri, Apr 28 2017. 12 33 AM IST Amplus Energy: cutting out the middleman Amplus Energy Solutions’ Sanjeev Aggarwal says he opted for rooftop solar power system instead of grid-connected projects so as to connect with the end consumer Subscribe to our newsletter. Mayank AggarwalUtpal Bhaskar Amplus Energy Solutions’ Sanjeev Aggarwal. Photo: Pradeep Gaur/Mint Not many had heard of Amplus Energy Solutions Pvt. Ltd until the company, backed by US private equity firm I Squared Capital, in November won a bid to install 14.5 megawatts (MW) of solar rooftop systems across 10 states, offering to sell electricity from these plants at tariffs starting as low as Rs3 per unit. Amplus was immediately feted as a catalyst in India’s quest for solar energy. Founder Sanjeev Aggarwal, its managing director and chief executive officer, became the poster boy of India’s solar sector and was invited to overseas events where India made a pitch for foreign investments in its growing green economy. His business model became the subject of a case study by the Indian Institute of Management, Ahmedabad. Aggarwal said he had opted for a rooftop system—in which electricity-generating solar panels are installed on the rooftop of a building— because of the opportunity to connect with the end-consumer, rather than venture into grid-connected projects. “The idea is to serve directly to the customer and hence the rooftops,” he said in an interview. Founded in 2010, Amplus has hit all the right notes even with a government subsidy accounting for 70% of the Rs3 per unit tariff. The firm today counts India Yamaha Motor Pvt. Ltd, Jubilant FoodWorks Ltd, Walmart India Pvt. Ltd, Hilton Hotels Corp. and Gurgaon-based developer Vatika Group among clients trying to reduce their energy costs by harnessing the sun. The going has not been easy for Aggarwal, 47, who was earlier director of business development at AES (India) Pvt. Ltd, the local subsidiary of US energy company AES Corp., one of the earliest foreign investors to show interest in the Indian power sector. After leaving AES in March 2010, Aggarwal dabbled in a series of businesses including bidding for hydrocarbon blocks under India’s New Exploration Licensing Policy bid round. Nothing worked out to his liking. “After 2010, no coal linkage or coal mine was given. That made a case for renewable. We got the first solar rooftop contract for 100 kilovolt in November 2013,” said Aggarwal. The contracts gave him confidence to raise Rs2 crore in 2014 from friends and family. “We realised it is a completely capital-intensive business,” Agrawal said. I Squared Capital invested $150 million in the company in April 2015. Other suitors included global private equity firm Actis Llp, which created renewable energy platform Ostro Energy in 2014. The investment got him the acknowledgement of his peers. “Sanjeev is a sorted guy who has carved a niche for himself by focusing on providing end-to-end energy solutions rather than chasing the grid-connected projects,” said the head of a New Delhi-based solar power generation utility, requesting anonymity. With I Squared Capital holding around over 90% stake in Amplus Energy, the balance is held by Aggarwal, friends and family. They are in for another pay day, with France’s Total SA interested in coming in as a strategic invester. The firm which had an Ebitda (earnings before interest, tax, depreciation and amortization) run rate of Rs50 crore in 2016, was the first to get in-principle sanction of a loan from State Bank of India from a $625 million facility extended by the World Bank. “We are not a rooftop solar firm but an energy solutions company. We don’t want to deal with electricity distribution companies (discoms) as our business is structured differently. Also, the credit worthiness of discoms is suspect,” said Aggarwal. State electricity boards had accumulated losses of around Rs3.5 trillion as of 31 March 2015. Amplus is looking to increase its portfolio to 150-200 megawatts (MW) from 60MW by June 2018. Amplus is not averse to making acquisitions to accelerate growth. It acquired US solar power developer SunEdison Inc.’s roof-top solar power assets in India in June last year. It has also evinced interest in acquiring Kiran Energy Solar Power Pvt. Ltd. Experts say distributed generation is the way forward for India’s solar sector. Of India’s plan to add 100 gigawatts of solar power capacity by 2022, 40,000MW is set to come from roof-top projects. “With India having crossed the 1 GW mark of operational solar distributed generation capacity last year, there is an increased confidence among market players,” said Srishti Ahuja, director at consulting firm EY. “To keep the momentum going, the government will have to strengthen the enforcement of net-metering policy and invest in transmission networks to ensure grid stability. With these steps, India could replicate its success on the utility side and become among the world’s top distributed generation players also,” added Ahuja. Mayank AggarwalUtpal Bhaskar Topics: Amplus Energy Solutions Sanjeev Aggarwal rooftop solar power national grid I Squared Capital More From Livemint READ MORE Jaitley says framing GST tax rates in final stage, promises no surprises Lounge Loves | Google Earth IPL: Why ad campaign series like Amazon India’s ‘Chonkpur Cheetahs’ work First Published: Fri, Apr 28 2017. 12 33 AM IST Editor's Picks India export subsidies may have to be phased out soon A reason to pause in Sukma Snapdeal sale still in limbo as cash reserves dwindle Latest News Jaitley says framing GST tax rates in final stage, promises no surprises Lounge Loves | Google Earth IPL: Why ad campaign series like Amazon India’s ‘Chonkpur Cheetahs’ work US issues fewer visas to citizens of nations under Donald Trump travel ban Women in the ‘right wing’ Mint On Sunday It’s a big deal: Poker gets into a league of its own The ruminations of Vimal Das, Dalit and Hindu priest It's time to reform the RTE Act Desperately seeking Amitabh Bachchan Letter from… a purge Home Companies Opinion Industry Politics Consumer Lounge Multimedia Money Sitemap Subscribe Contact Us Mint Code Privacy policy Terms of Use Advertising Mint Apps About Us Syndication Mint on Sunday RSS Hindustan Times Desimartini Copyright © 2017 HT Media Ltd. All Rights Reserved Close Home Companies Industry Politics Money Opinion Lounge Education Multimedia Consumer Science Mint on Sunday Sports Specials Close
Search Contact Us Home News Artists Songs Videos Top 10 Store Festivals RISERS Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube Follow on Instagram subscribe via RSSTip Us Trending: Who Is Devin Dawson? Football Songs Shania Twain Music Details Justin Moore Fire RISERS Original Songs Twitter Destroys Nordstrom’s Fake Mud Jeans By Billy Dukes April 27, 2017 2:47 PM SHARE TWEET EMAIL EMAIL REDDIT Nordstrom They really need no further explanation. Fake mud jeans are a thing now, and they’ll cost you $425 if you can find them. The problem is, Nordstrom can’t keep them on store shelves. USA Today reports that the chain can’t keep the Barracuda Straight Leg Jeans in stock, although no actual sales numbers have been reported. The product is described as “heavily distressed” and “rugged, Americana workwear.” The caked-on mud “shows you’re not afraid to get down and dirty.” Twitter is saying, “just go roll around in a pair of Walmart jeans, you fool!” Best Reactions to Those Awful Mud Jeans Image of Indeed, only one or two tweeters were pro-fake mud. The rest in this list are hilariously against the idea of buying fake mud for close to $500, when you add tax. Even the highest of high-end spas wouldn’t charge that for pig slop! Along the way you’ll find a few other business ideas, political statements, generalizations about society and everything else you expect on Twitter. But here it’s all aimed at something country fans can agree on: Fake mud jeans are silly, at best. (Secretly wondering what the philosopher Earl Dibbles Jr. has to say on the subject.) See Country Stars Without Makeup Image of Celbrities like Mike Rowe were quick to bash the new clothing item. “The Barracuda Straight Leg Jeans aren’t pants,” Rowe says on Facebook. “They’re not even fashion. They’re a costume for wealthy people who see work as ironic — not iconic.” Americana’s Jason Isbell also commented. He seems apathetic at best: I don't care about the fake mud jeans stop calling my number — Jason Isbell (@JasonIsbell) April 27, 2017 Watch: Country Stars Play Never Have I Ever Subscribe to Taste of Country on Next: See Country Music's Best Mugshots Category: Country Music News SHARE TWEET EMAIL More Leave a comment EMAIL Print this page Pin it! REDDIT Share on Tumblr! Recommended For You ZergNet Around the Web ZergNet Best of Taste of Country 12 Professional Athletes Who’ve Gone Country See Joey + Rory’s Sweetest Pictures Dixieland Delight: See Alabama Through the Years [Pictures] Billy Currington Stays Up ‘Til The Sun in Sayreville [Pictures] Leave a Comment RISERS Live 7 Original Performances Best from the ACM Red Carpet Latest News Featured We Asked Country’s Biggest Stars: What Makes You Ugly Cry? 1 week ago Kenny Chesney Reflects on Jonathan Demme: ‘I Learned So Much Watching Him’ Yesterday Rascal Flatts Give Up Singing for a Hum-Off [Watch] Yesterday Willie Nelson Alive and Well in Comical ‘Still Not Dead’ Video Yesterday Twitter Destroys Nordstrom’s Fake Mud Jeans Yesterday Who Is Devin Dawson? Yesterday Garth Brooks, Jason Isbell Worry About the Future of Songwriters in New Film Yesterday Jon Pardi to Help San Francisco 49ers During 2017 NFL Draft Yesterday The Railers, ’11:59 (Central Standard Time)’ [Listen] Yesterday Country's Best Couples Sign up for our newsletter Sign up for our newsletter! Country Stars Who've Tried It Photo Galleries 12 Professional Athletes Who’ve Gone Country April 27, 2017 12:10 PM See Joey + Rory’s Sweetest Pictures April 25, 2017 11:25 AM Dixieland Delight: See Alabama Through the Years [Pictures] April 23, 2017 8:00 AM Billy Currington Stays Up ‘Til The Sun in Sayreville [Pictures] April 22, 2017 5:00 PM True Grit: Glen Campbell’s Career in Pictures April 22, 2017 9:00 AM Taste Of Country Network Contact Us Privacy Advertise Mobile App Welcome back to Taste of Country It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! Welcome back to Taste of Country It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://tasteofcountry.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to Taste of Country (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here Taste of Country brought to you by: Sign up for Taste of Country Register Now Sign up for Taste of Country quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! Taste of Country brought to you by: Taste of Country Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Politics | Entertainment | Arts | Lifestyle | Business | Health | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Business Technology Startups Internet Culture Media Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Subscribe to Newsletters Gett Bought Juno and Jordache (Yes, THAT Jordache) Had a Piece By Brady Dale • 04/27/17 2:01pm Front page of the Jordache website today. Screenshot What fashion brand would brag that it made “mom jeans“? Jordache would. In fact, it’s doing so right now, on the front page of its website. A woman in a mostly sheer top makes defiant faces in a pair of super acid-washed tapered jeans. The look doesn’t exactly scream “mom” to me, but your mileage may vary. Growing up in the late 80s, Jordache was a staple in the temple of Midwestern culture: Walmart. Yet the company has apparently turned profits from the most classic of American looks—tight blue jeans—into investments in hot startups, including the biggest unicorn in the technology industry, Uber. New York City-based Jordache Enterprises also invested in Juno, the company that was supposed to bring niceness to ridesharing, but sold all its assets to Gett yesterday, as we previously reported. Jordache Enterprises declined to comment for this story, and it hasn’t disclosed details about either investment. Uber and Juno both show up on the company’s ventures page, along with another higher end and higher up ridesharing service: Blade, ridesharing for helicopters, which we’ve covered before. The page says, “Jordache Ventures has made significant investments in many seed and early stage technology ventures.” It’s not unusual for established brands to pivot into new sectors by investing in today’s hot new products. Jordache lists eight different companies on its ventures page, and only two of them seem completely crazy (a subscription coffee shop service and GIF keyboard app that isn’t named “Giphy”). The company has also nicely diversified; it’s not all in on crazy startups. It also has investments in old school logistics, real estate, other fashion brands and olive oil. Its site shows investments in four other denim companies (not to speak of the other brands it owns outright) and lots of its bets have roots in Israel (including Juno and Gett). Not all brands succeed in changing with the times, but Jordache apparently has. If we find out later that Members Only got in on Airbnb and Ocean Pacific backed Google, we’ll let you know. SEE ALSO: Juno Drivers ‘Gett’ Only Pennies Following $200M Acquisition Observer Daily Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
YouTube's 'Controversial' Video Creators Are Planning An Exit The video giant is cleaning up for brands, but some YouTubers aren't happy about it. For some independent video creators, YouTube's dependability as a primary revenue stream has abruptly come to a close thanks to its new advertising regulations, forcing people who make a living off the platform to consider a future without it. Last month Google—YouTube's owner—announced a range of "expanded safeguards for advertisers " in the wake of mounting complaints from the likes of AT&T, Walmart and the British government , all of whom staged a boycott of advertising on the platform after their ads appeared next to offensive and in some cases extremist content (in some cases terrorist recruitment videos or KKK propaganda). In rectifying the situation, Google made it easy for brands to pull their advertising from content that was "potentially objectionable," leading to a huge drop in income for creators whose videos did not fit into the safest content bracket, a group including political talk shows and many comedians. It's the latter who are now starting to voice their concerns over the restrictions which this places on their content, and articulating a desire to move elsewhere. In one example, hosts of the 3.8 million subscriber channel h3h3Productions explain the "crossroads" that the ad restrictions have brought them to, and run through the range of their videos that have been demonetized following the change: While YouTubers are still reeling from the swiftness of the change, other digital media creators had seen the problem coming and moved to find alternatives. Ralph Sutton and Luis J. Gomez are the founders of GaS Digital Network, a podcasting network that is currently home to ten shows that they describe as "slightly off-center" and "adult-driven lifestyle entertainment." In a phone call from their East Village recording studio, Sutton and Gomez explained that the decision to start their own distribution network, which is supported mainly by paid subscriptions, came from a sense that independent income was important for taking creative risks. "We felt a long time ago that we didn't want to be beholden to advertising dollars, because we saw the writing on the wall," said Sutton. "So many times things got pulled or people lost sponsors because of what they said, and we never wanted to be in that position again." Supporter funding has allowed GaS Digital the freedom to launch shows with names like "Legion Of Skanks"—currently the network's most popular—and promote a podcast hosted by UFC motormouth Michael Bisping . And though the YouTube restrictions have no bearing on their network, the founders are still sharply critical of the effect it will have on others in the same field. "In my opinion it's anti-art, it's anti-comedy and it's anti-creation," Gomez said. "People are obviously going to look for a new platform because they want to have the freedom to find great content... and in order to do that they need to explore, take chances and fail a bunch." For most of its existence, the content on professional YouTubers' channels has been far more varied than on broadcast television: unpolished, anarchic and characteristic of the free-for-all nature of the Web. Some fear that with this move YouTube takes a step closer to the ranks of the safe, bland programming that millennials have largely rejected —and it remains to be seen how many younger viewers will desert it to follow "controversial" creatives elsewhere.
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES     JC Penney Black Friday 2016 Sales In Stores Opened To Long Lines Posted: Nov 24 2016, 2:55pm CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Apr 27 2017, 8:28am CDT, in News | Black Friday   This story may contain affiliate links. Credit: Sharon Cantillon   The JC Penney Black Friday 2016 sale in stores started at 3pm. The lines have are surprisingly long on the East coast. Black Friday 2016 is forecasted to break online sales records on Thanksgiving Day with more than $2 billion in consumer spending. Photos of the JC Penney Black Friday store opening in Buffalo, New York suggest that Black Friday in stores will be huge too. Don't Miss: This is How to Find a Nintendo Switch in Stock JC Penney retweeted photos of Sharon Cantillon, staff photographer of The Buffalo News showing a very long line of customers about to enter a JC Penney at the Boulevard Mall, a shopping mall located north of the city of Buffalo at the western edge of the Town of Amherst in Erie County. JC Penney opens stores early at 3pm today. The JC Penney Black Friday 2016 deals include $7.99 small appliances, $2.99 towels, $19.99 boots for her and 25% off Nike sneakers. JC Penney extended way beyond clothes and offers pages full deals on electronics, small appliances and housewares. Deals have been on sale online since Wednesday. To draw shoppers into the stores, JC Penney hands out super-savings coupons for the first customers in line. The luckiest customers could get a coupon saving up to $500. More details can be found in the JC Penney Black Friday 2016 ad and on jcpenney.com. Entering JC Penney at the Boulevard Mall. #blackfriday pic.twitter.com/4qDMrkX53g— Sharon Cantillon (@SharonCantillon) November 24, 2016 JCPenney drew shoppers with their super savor coupons given at the door #blackfriday pic.twitter.com/bv6GXl75Wo— Sharon Cantillon (@SharonCantillon) November 24, 2016 This is what Black Friday looks today. JC Penney just opened at Turtle Creek Mall. Follow me to follow the fun. Got questions? Tag me! pic.twitter.com/S8UAOzXq8W— Lici Beveridge (@LiciBev) November 24, 2016 And the @IndianRiverMall @jcpenney is now open for early #BlackFriday sales! https://t.co/KT1IOgtTuw #TCPalmSocial pic.twitter.com/3IkOEzWERf— Kelly Tyko (@TCPalmKelly) November 24, 2016 The big Black Friday 2016 sales are live online at Amazon.com, Walmart.com, Target, Best Buy and Samsclub.com. Find all sales in this list of live Black Friday sales. The Black Friday Deals Tracker helps deal hunters to quickly find the Black Friday 2016 deals on sale right now online. New this year is the Amazon Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker. The Amazon Black Friday 2016 sale is the biggest sale to find Black Friday deals. The Top 100 Black Friday 2016 Deals show all deals that everybody is talking about this year. The list features the Black Friday deals that Black Friday deal hunters can be proud of to have scored when Black Friday is over. Timing is everything in scoring the best Black Friday 2016. Check the Black Friday 2016 Deals Tracker on a regular basis. To not miss a Black Friday deal, sign up our Twitter feed, where we notify followers about every hot Black Friday deal. There are several special Black Friday events coming up starting Friday Nov. 18 and ending when Cyber Monday sales begin. The Black Friday 2016 Online Sale schedule gives a quick overview which sales are coming up. The Black Friday 2016 Store Hour Schedule helps Black Friday shoppers to plan their trip to the mall. The store opening times are important to find when it is time to line-up for Black Friday doorbuster deals.   The big five Black Friday 2016 ads are released along with over 75 Black Friday 2016 Ads. Amazon, Walmart, Target and Best Buy published their highly anticipated Black Friday 2016 ads. We have compiled everything you need to know about Black Friday 2016 in our Black Friday 2016 guide. Read the latest Black Friday 2016 news. This story may contain affiliate links. Comments Buy Now on Amazon The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Nintendo Switch and NES Best Buy Sale was Worse than Black Friday Mar 29 2017, 2:13pm CDT Black Friday 2017: Date, Trends, Deals, Ads and Everything You Need To Know Mar 22 2017, 4:44am CDT Mobile Devices drive Sales on Black Friday Nov 26 2016, 8:03pm CST Amazon Cyber Monday Deals on Echo, Dot, Fire and Kindle Released Nov 26 2016, 2:23pm CST New Best Buy Black Friday Doorbuster Deals Available Saturday Nov 26 2016, 8:36am CST New Nintendo 2DS XL Announced 23 minutes ago How to Choose the Best Fidget Spinner 48 minutes ago NES Classic Edition Sold Out Officially at Nintendo Store, But Other Stores have Still Stock 55 minutes ago Nintendo Switch in Stock at GameStop and Target Now. Best Buy and ToysRUs Friday 1 hour ago Henrik Fisker's EMotion EV is Coming in August 2017 with 400 Mile Range 3 hours ago Jeep Wrangler Pickup Spied with Pre-Production Truck Bed 3 hours ago 2019 Volkswagen T-Roc Teased Before its Debut at Frankfurt Auto Show 2017 10 hours ago, 3:06pm CDT Apple in Talks to Launch Apple Cash to Rival Venmo 10 hours ago, 3:00pm CDT Razer Claims Razer Lancehead is World's Most Advanced Wireless Gaming Mouse 10 hours ago, 2:54pm CDT Jeff Goldblum to Return for Jurassic World Sequel 10 hours ago, 2:41pm CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Get Nintendo's Most Wanted The Tracker by I4U News (beta) Featured News The Best Gadgets of 2017 iMac Pro is in the Works   NES Classic In Stock only at These Last Stores Nintendo Switch in Stock at GameStop and Target Now. Best Buy and ToysRUs Friday Black Friday Nintendo Switch and NES Best Buy Sale was Worse than Black Friday Mar 29 2017, 2:13pm CDT Black Friday 2017: Date, Trends, Deals, Ads and Everything You Need To Know Mar 22 2017, 4:44am CDT Mobile Devices drive Sales on Black Friday Nov 26 2016, 8:03pm CST Amazon Cyber Monday Deals on Echo, Dot, Fire and Kindle Released Nov 26 2016, 2:23pm CST More Black Friday Stories Latest News New Nintendo 2DS XL Announced 23 minutes ago How to Choose the Best Fidget Spinner 48 minutes ago NES Classic Edition Sold Out Officially at Nintendo Store, But Other Stores have Still Stock 55 minutes ago Nintendo Switch in Stock at GameStop and Target Now. Best Buy and ToysRUs Friday 1 hour ago More Latest News Get Nintendo's Most Wanted News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
Print   Email   Font Resize Local News Librarian shares tips on cake decorating There are variety of ways you can decorate a cake By Callie Jones Journal-Advocate news editor Posted:   04/26/2017 10:21:55 PM MDT Denise Ladd, left, and her daughter, Micaela, demonstrate how to decorate a cake using candy during Sterling Public Library's "It's Not Rocket Science" program Tuesday. (Callie Jones / Sterling Journal-Advocate) Next time you go to the Logan County Fair make sure you take time to appreciate the cakes made by local 4-H members, because they take a lot of work, as Denise Ladd, children's librarian at Sterling Public Library, well knows. Ladd and her daughter, Micaela, who took part in the 4-H cake decorating contests for a number of years, did a presentation on cake decorating at SPL's "It's Not Rocket Science" program Tuesday. Denise said she got started cake decorating several years ago, when she signed up for a cheap Wilton decorating class that was being offered at Wal-Mart. The class was three hours for three or four days and it taught the very basics. After that, a Sterling craft store which has since gone out of business offered the second course, so she enrolled in that, as well as a third course when it was offered. Denise and Micaela Ladd made a number of cakes for Sterling Public Library's "It's Not Rocket Science" cake decorating program. On the left is a cake decorated with candy, next is a character cake, in the middle is a cutaway cake and on the right is cupcakes designed to look like an ice cream cone. (Callie Jones / Sterling Journal-Advocate) "At that point I was just kind of doing it for fun, doing it for my kids," she said. "I was kind of using what I learned and taking it another couple steps and stuff." When Micaela was about 9 or 10 years old she decided that she wanted to do cake decorating in 4-H. "She picked it up and then we taught each other. First couple of years I taught her and then later we were figuring it out together," Denise Ladd said. She explained that 4-H has 12 cake decorating units and they get increasingly harder every year. "The skills get a little bit harder, but they are great about teaching you and building up to it," Denise said. Advertisement Before going into how to decorate a cake, she started with how to bake a cake. Denise recommends using Baker's Joy cooking spray on the pan, as it has the flour already mixed into it and works great to make sure the cake comes out of the pan without falling apart. Also, make sure to fill the pan full; Denise noted when she uses cake mixes often the box says that one cake mix will fill two pans, but usually it takes one box just to fill one pan, so that the cake isn't too short. Denise Ladd, left, and her daughter, Micaela, talk about the cake Micaela decorated for the 2016 Logan County Fair, which won grand champion, during a cake decorating "It's Not Rocket Science" program at Sterling Public Library. (Callie Jones / Sterling Journal-Advocate) After the cake is done baking, cut the top of it off to smooth it out. When it comes to frosting a cake, different frosting consistencies will do different things. Use thin frosting to write on a cake, medium to frost with and the thick frosting to decorate with. Before you frost a cake, make sure to get all the crumbs off it. Denise recommended using a glass to hold open your bag while you fill it with frosting. You can use different kinds of frosting bags - plastic disposable bags, cloth fabric bags that are reusable or parchment bags. Once you put the frosting around the entire cake, use a spatula to smooth out the frosting; angled spatulas are best. When you go to take the spatula off, easily, gradually pull it off, don't try to pull it off all at once. You can also use a paper towel without decorations to help smooth it out even more after you're done with the spatula, just rub the towel on the cake like you're rubbing someone's back. "This is something you've kind of got to work on and get a feel for," Denise said about learning to frost a cake. When you go to decorate a cake, a coupler will allow you to screw different tips onto one bag, so that you don't have to use different bags for each tip. Don't get your bag too full, it's better to go back and refill it, otherwise your hand will cramp. The most basic way to decorate a cake is with objects, which is what 4-H students learn in the first year of cake decorating. Denise and Micaela demonstrated how to make a beach-themed cake using candy. Crushed graham crackers were used for the sand, Peachie's candy for flotation devices, licorice for seaweed, and Swedish Fish for sea life. Next, they talked about how to do a character cake using a castle cake they made an example. Pans for character cakes can be found at many stores and Denise said these types of cakes are great for learning. This is what 4-H members are asked to make by unit four. They also demonstrated how to make flowers to decorate a cake with. Remember to let the flowers dry before you put them on the cake though. The flowers last a long time, so you can even make them a few days before you make the cake. Next, the two spoke about cutaway cakes, which start with basic cake shapes, but then the pieces are rearranged to make different shapes. They made a heart shaped cake using this technique, but you can get more complicated and make things like an Easter bunny. In 4-H, the next level of cake decorating is making cupcakes. Decorate them individually or make a design out of a group of cupcakes, Micaela and Denise made an ice cream cone using pink and chocolate frosted cupcakes. Another way to decorate a cake is using fondant and gum paste. When Micaela made it to this unit in 4-H, she became the teacher and her mother became the student. Last year Micaela won grand champion at the Logan County Fair with the cake she made for this unit and took fifth place at the Colorado State Fair. By this point students are able to use Styrofoam for the cake and then decorate it, instead of actually baking a cake; so she still has the cake and was able to show it off Tuesday. Lastly, the two spoke about how to make and decorate tiered cakes, using cardboard and dowels to stack the layers on and secure them. At the end of the program, several lucky guests got to take home the cakes the presenters made and everyone got to enjoy a cupcake. The theme for the next "It's Not Rocket Science" program, Tuesday, May 23, is "Lovin' My Dutch Oven." Sterling Boy Scouts will demonstrate how to cook a whole meal using just a Dutch oven. Callie Jones: 970-526-9286, cjones@journal-advocate.com Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top   RELATED Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- April 28 - May 2 Today, April 28Qi Gong — 10 a.m., Heritage Center. Blood Pressure Clinic — 11 a.m., Heritage Center.   Full Story   MORE RELATED HEADLINES Upcoming Sterling, Logan County events --- April 27 - April 30 Free legal clinic May 8 at Sterling Public Libary   POST YOUR COMMENTS: Article Comments We reserve the right to remove any comment that violates our ground rules, is spammy, NSFW, defamatory, rude, reckless to the community, etc. We expect everyone to be respectful of other commenters. It's fine to have differences of opinion, but there's no need to act like a jerk. Use your own words (don't copy and paste from elsewhere), be honest and don't pretend to be someone (or something) you're not. Our commenting section is self-policing, so if you see a comment that violates our ground rules, flag it (mouse over to the far right of the commenter's name until you see the flag symbol and click that), then we'll review it. Disqus Knowledge base/FAQ Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. (Photo by Richard Shotwell/Invision/AP, File) Taylor Swift and Tom Hiddleston split up Taylor Swift decides Tom Hiddleston isn’t the one after all and hands him his walking papers.  Bruce Springsteen has dealt with depression for more than 30 years Greta Van Susteren leaves Fox News Green Day's theater tour coming to Berkeley next month National & World Video The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
Arrow-right Camera Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather Search E-edition Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Obits OpinionClassifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Washington Idaho Nation World Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Movie times Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation World Elections Photos News Former WSU student sentenced to 12 years in federal prison on drug charges UPDATED: Thu., April 27, 2017, 10:46 p.m. By Katie Short Moscow-Pullman Daily News Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS A former Washington State University student was sentenced to 12 years in federal prison Tuesday in U.S. District Court in Coeur d’Alene for possessing heroin and methamphetamine with the intent to distribute. Hugo Acevedo, 34, was facing the possibility of life in prison after pleading guilty to the distribution charges in January. According to the criminal complaint, federal agents found almost 120 grams of methamphetamine and 50 grams of heroin in Acevedo’s car after searching it Aug. 14, 2015, in the parking lot of the Moscow Wal-Mart. As part of a plea agreement, Acevedo pleaded guilty to the distribution charges in exchange for prosecutors agreeing not to press any further charges, despite the fact that they had at least five sources that could confirm Acevedo had made deliveries of several pounds of methamphetamine and large quantities of heroin on more than one occasion, according to court documents. In addition to the prison sentence, Acevedo will also have five years of supervised probation after his release. Acevedo’s defense attorney, Nicolas V. Vieth, argued that Acevedo should only be sentenced to the minimum of 10 years in prison due to the fact that he had struggled with alcohol and drug addiction since he was 12 years old and had recently “made advances towards turning his life around.” Acevedo was working toward a bachelor’s degree in computer engineering science. John Schneider, associate dean of Voiland College of Engineering and Architecture at WSU, wrote a letter in Acevedo’s defense. “I’m aware of many students who have been able to put a troubled past behind then and go on to being highly productive citizens” he wrote, adding he believes Acevedo is now on the proper path despite his charges and guilty pleas. U.S. District Attorney Mike Mitchell, who prosecuted the case, asked Judge Edward Lodge to consider the fact that Acevedo was clearly a large-scale drug trafficker who had eluded law enforcement for years and that he was one of the “bigger businessmen” in the Pullman area. Updated: April 27, 2017, 10:46 p.m.  Tags: crime, drugs, Hugo Acevedo, prison, Washington, WSU Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Masthead Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 73° Full Menu 73° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us Photo from HCPD Twitter page Crime April 27, 2017 10:39 AM Have you seen this man? Police say he’s wanted in connection with shoplifting By Elizabeth Townsend etownsend@thesunnews.com LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Horry County police are searching for a man in connection with recent shoplifting incidents at a Carolina Forest-area Wal-Mart. Police announced on their Twitter page Thursday morning they’re trying to identify a man, whose image was captured on store surveillance, in connection with shoplifting. Do you know this SHOPLIFTER? If so, call at 843.915.8477 #RT @wmbfbreaking @WBTWNews13 @wpdeabc15 pic.twitter.com/cgzm7Wy8lw— Horry County PD (@horrycountypd) April 27, 2017 Do you know this SHOPLIFTER? If so, call at 843.915.8477 #RT @wmbfbreaking @WBTWNews13 @wpdeabc15 pic.twitter.com/cgzm7Wy8lw— Horry County PD (@horrycountypd) April 27, 2017 Officers were called to the store on Middle Ridge Avenue Sunday in reference to a shoplifting. A loss prevention employee told police he had just pulled into the store parking lot when he noticed a white Jaguar that was used in a shoplifting incident earlier that week, the report says. The employee said he then saw the suspect pushing a cart of unbagged items. The employee confronted the suspect, who abandoned the cart and ran through the parking lot. Anyone with information is asked to call the Horry County tip line at 843-915-8477. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 9 days ago Shooting Suspect Detained on Hawthorne Lane 0:31 9 days ago Shooting Suspect Detained on Hawthorne Lane 0:24 9 days ago Police detain one after Myrtle Beach shooting 1:58 2 months ago Mother takes pity on son's killer: 'Everybody deserves a second chance' View More Video Crime Federal grand jury indicts Loris man on weapon, drug trafficking charges Man’s reported attempt to rob Dollar General foiled by reluctant clerk Student cited for showing explicit video to classmates Authorities capture suspect after three-hour standoff in Murrells Inlet Officers begin new campaign to stop aggressive drivers after string of fatal wrecks Crime Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Trump warns 'major, major' North Korea conflict is 'absolutely' possible and admits he thought the presidency would be easier than his 'previous life' in interview marking his first 100 days Arkansas executes its fourth death row inmate in eight days: Murderer, 38, is final man put to death in last-minute flurry before state's lethal injection drug expires on Sunday House Republicans push back Obamacare repeal vote to next week - denying Trump a legislative win during his first 100 days as president 'It'd be the end of Fox News as we know it': Sean Hannity launches passionate defense of under-fire president Bill Shine amid reports he could be next on the chopping block  Shocking footage shows group of high school bullies savagely beating a girl, 12, in the bathroom, leaving her with severe head injuries Organic pet food company recalls products over fears they contain a EUTHANASIA drug  Boy, eight, dies after a flower box falls on his head as he was climbing up the side of his house in Brooklyn Tennessee boy's family sue his former high school for $4.5million after married female janitor, 29, 'pulled the 16-year-old into a room and raped him' Alex Jones' ex-wife wins joint custody of kids and gets to decide who they live with in major defeat for conspiracy theorist radio host Five hundred people will get duplicate tax refund checks - but they can only cash one of them, officials warn 'The North Korean crisis is the worst I've ever seen': Pacific's top US Navy officer says the world must assume Kim Jong-un WILL nuke America if given the chance Really, Vlad? Putin calls on countries to 'refrain from military rhetoric' over Korea - as his armored divisions polish up their tanks for Victory Day Parade  China turns nuclear submarine into a museum allowing tourists a glimpse into Beijing's mighty military power PIERS MORGAN: The week Kim hit rock bottom and finally made me realize I no longer wish to keep up with her or any of the greedy, cynical Kardashian clan Is the Instagram queen's reign over? Kim Kardashian loses 100,000 followers as she faces a fan backlash over THOSE unairbrushed bikini snaps 'The Kardashians stopped coming': Celeb eatery at Trump Soho shutting its doors after 'A-list diners boycot hotspot following Donald's election win' Aaron Hernandez's fiancée could sell their 15-room Massachusetts mini-mansion for $1.2million as his estate drops to ZERO dollars Former 'Bachelor' star Chris Soules' new legal team says he 'did everything' to save his neighbor after fatal crash and DENIES that he fled the scene afterward Day care worker, 60, is shot and killed in a case of 'mistaken identity' by driver who opened fire on the building while children were inside Police arrest at least six Berkeley protesters as tense demonstrations continue after Ann Coulter's campus talk was canceled Atlanta attorney indicted on murder charges seven months after fatally shooting his wife from the backseat of the car - which he claimed was an accident Waffle House co-founder, 98, dies just weeks after the business partner he started the chain with passed away  Udder cream, concealer and NO plastic surgery: At 76 she's still turning heads, but what IS the secret to Raquel Welch's ageless beauty? He's closing in on Bill Gates: Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos adds $3.3billion to his fortune in ONE DAY - leaving him a paltry $5billion behind the Microsoft founder Previous Next Parents of five accidentally die of carbon monoxide poisoning in their SUV while sitting in a Kansas City Wal-Mart parking lot Carolyn K Williams-Cottier, 26, and Trevor B Roth, 30, were found Sunday  There have been no reports of why or how long they had been sitting in the SUV Williams-Cottier, mom of two, and Roth, dad of three, had a window cracked But a problem with the 16-year-old vehicle's exhaust system may be to blame  Police said they wouldn't have known because carbon monoxide is odorless By Jordan Gass-Poore for Dailymail.com Published: 10:45 EDT, 27 April 2017 | Updated: 15:05 EDT, 27 April 2017 e-mail 46 shares 147 View comments Two parents were found dead from accidental carbon monoxide poisoning on Sunday in a running vehicle in a Kansas parking lot, police said.  Carolyn K Williams-Cottier, 26, of Kansas City and her 30-year-old friend Trevor B Roth of Dodge City were found dead inside a running SUV at 7.30am Sunday in the parking lot of a Kansas City, Kansas, Wal-Mart at 108th and Parallel Parkway.  There have been no reports of why or how long Williams-Cottier and Roth were in the vehicle before they lost consciousness. Scroll down for video  Carolyn K Williams-Cottier (above with one of her two small children), 26, and her 30-year-old friend Trevor B Roth (above with his three children) died from carbon monoxide poisoning  Williams-Cottier, mother of two small children, and Roth, father of three children, had no way of knowing what was happening because carbon monoxide is colorless and odorless, police said.   Kansas City Police Chief Terry Zeigler said he wasn't sure what caused the carbon monoxide levels to reach lethal levels, but there may have been a problem with the 16-year-old vehicle's exhaust system, reports Fox4. Police are still investigating.   A leak in a vehicle's exhaust system is something that can be detected during a safety inspection for registration renewal. These inspections are not required in Kansas. They had been sitting and talking in a running SUV in a Kansas City Wal-Mart parking lot Gordon Polen, with KC Complete Auto in Liberty, Kansas, told Fox4 that simply sitting idle in a running vehicle puts people at risk of carbon monoxide poisoning. 'While you`re driving it you have all kinds of things, you know, air conditioners, defrosters moving air through the car. Sitting still, there`s no air flow,' Polen said.  He cautioned people from sitting in a running vehicle, but said if they do they should roll down a window.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 2 Next Easter Sunday horror as woman arrives to pick her elderly... Japanese 'black widow' convicted of murdering three... Ministry of Defence admits carrying out experiments with... Share this article Share A problem with the 16-year-old SUV's exhaust system may be to blame for their deaths  The SUV at the scene did have at least one window partially rolled down, police said.  A GoFundMe page was created to offset Williams-Cottier's funeral expenses.  'She passed away from carbon monoxide poisoning without knowing the danger. She was innocently spending time talking with a friend, just like we all do,' wrote Tonya Brown, who created the page.    Read more: Police ID victims in carbon monoxide poisoning at KCK Wal-Mart, say deaths accidental | FOX 4 Kansas City WDAF-TV | News, Weather, Sports www.gofundme.com... Share or comment on this article e-mail 46 shares Most watched News videos 'I'm such a different person' Kim K cries over Paris robbery Dancing busker in Oxford Street contently shows off his moves Lesson learned? Police taunt van driver for cutting queue Tragic: Three police officers blown up in Mosul suicide attack Is this BIGFOOT? Creature seen lurking behind trees in Holland Delta passenger told to leave plane for using the bathroom North Korea produce visual of missile destroying White House Adorable little girl uses her fake phone to tell off a boy Jesus statue appears to MOVE its head during Mexican church mass Damon Smith leaves tube without rucksack containing homemade bomb 12-year-old girl viciously beaten in middle school bathroom Tensions rise as North Korea holds massive artillery drill PIERS MORGAN: The week Kim hit rock bottom and finally... EXCLUSIVE: British man thrown off diverted BA flight from... Tracked on CCTV by the Met and MI5's state-of-the-art... Sgt Blackman will be a free man TONIGHT: Marine A will... Jeweller, 27, who stabbed her abusive boyfriend three... Moment police van BLOCKS queue-jumping driver who tries... 'I don't give a f*** who you are. I've got a job to do':... Just call me Miss Marple: Hairdresser, 56, wins driving... Madeleine McCann could be found by FACEBOOK: Facial... Cambodian actress is banned from making new movies for a... 'Explosion' rocks McDonald's in France, prompting police... Heavily armed police shoot woman in her 20s and arrest... 'I saw him drop my daughter with the rope and I couldn't... North Korea obliterates US Capitol and puts the White... Will the man mountain who lives with his mum be Britain's... Could this be the answer to Britain's housing crisis?... Boyfriend, 18, who stamped on his girlfriend's head and... Teenager is crowned as having Britain's most disgusting... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 147 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Jennifer Lopez leaves little to the imagination as she goes sans underwear in TWO DARING sheer cutaway gowns at Billboard Latin Music Awards Udder cream, concealer and NO plastic surgery: At 76 she's still turning heads, but what IS the secret to Raquel Welch's ageless beauty? 'No one should have a camera in their face from 17 to 22!' Kristin Cavallari bares cleavage in leather bralet after admitting The Hills makes her cringe Nothing to smile about? Kendall Jenner keeps straight face as she leaves LA studio wearing cropped shirt and leggings 'If only my husband wasn't blocking you in this shot': Blake Lively teases Ryan Reynolds  and claims John Legend is 'most influential' man in her life Busty is the new black! Orange Is The New Black star Jackie Cruz flaunts her figure in a barely there one-piece while on the beach in Miami Former 'Bachelor' star Chris Soules' new legal team says he 'did everything' to save his neighbor after fatal crash and DENIES that he fled the scene  Got something to prove? Kylie Jenner posts series of snaps showing off her slender mid-section after being accused of photoshopping her waist Is the Instagram queen's reign over? Kim Kardashian loses 100,000 followers as she faces a fan backlash over THOSE unairbrushed bikini pics Naked ambition! Eva Longoria goes braless as she wears revealing jacket in bid to steal show at Billboard Latin Music Awards Katie Holmes dons plunging purple Fabiana Milazzo gown for the Sao Paulo amFAR Gala It was a racier look for the stunning 38-year-old actress 'Gonna use my special powers to track down this wild beauty': Chris Hemsworth checks out his wife Elsa Pataky's RAUNCHY topless cover shoot U can't miss it! Newly-engaged Nikki Bella flaunts more than her diamond in cleavage-baring dress while joined by fiance John Cena at premiere 'It was cool': Emma Watson reveals going to 'princess boot camp' to prepare for Beauty And The Beast Ultimately preparation to play Belle  Vacation agrees with her! Smiling and relaxed Michelle Obama makes her first public appearance at a Florida conference 'I'll see you at the bar': Scarlett Johansson invites doppelganger grandmother Geraldine to come for a drink at her latest premiere Facts Of Life star Charlotte Rae diagnosed with bone cancer at 91... seven years after surviving pancreatic disease Heartbreaking news  Prints charming! Sofia Vergara flashes cleavage in plunging floral dress as she steps out for lunch in Beverly Hills Loving Spring fashion 'I did ask her to marry me!' Scott Disick reveals he once proposed to Kourtney Kardashian after being grilled by sisters Kim and Khloe Meet the parents! Ashton Kutcher and Mila Kunis enjoy quality time with her mother and father after surprisng them in home makeover episode She's got some front! Jackie Cruz puts on eye-popping display in VERY plunging dress at Billboard Latin Music Awards 'The pressure is on': Kim Kardashian reveals she's stressed out over what to do for Kanye West's 40th birthday She told Ellen he does 'amazing' things  'I had no idea the amount of hate': Ellen DeGeneres reflects on the 'scary time' that followed her landmark coming-out show 20 years ago One final shot? Carmelo Anthony 'making last ditch effort to save marriage' by 'begging' La La to come back... and getting bold on Instagram Lil' Kim dons lacy jumpsuit and gold thigh-high boots for Can't Stop, Won't Stop premiere at Tribeca Star turned heads on the red carpet Lime-a-Rita! Ora boldly wraps herself in gaudy bright green dress with split back for Big Love gala Flaunted her stunning body Chrissy Teigen suits up for Smirnoff event... and reveals her favorite hangover cure She also weighed in on Starbucks' Unicorn Frappuccino What happened? Star Wars legend Billy Dee Williams is in a wheelchair at LAX weeks after turning 80 Famed actor arrived at the airport in sunglasses 'Us, in Milan': Gigi Hadid unveils candid selfie with Zayn Malik as part of her V magazine pop up Photo Journal She's releasing 1,000 photos in the collection  Revealed: Billionaire Elon Musk 'gave Amber Heard a Tesla during months-long campaign to woo her' Cars seem to be the fastest way to her heart   Amber Heard and boyfriend Elon Musk spotted enjoying a series of dates in Australia after her 2015 stay ended in controversy over dogs Denim days: Cindy Crawford shows off her model legs in skinny jeans as she enjoys some retail therapy with husband Rande Gerber Sheepish Orlando Bloom steps out for the first time after causing furore by calling himself a 'pikey' live on radio The BBC was forced to apologize on his behalf Meghan's toe-curling turkeys! From a cleaner who works in her undies to a vicious cage fighter, the roles Harry's actress girlfriend would rather forget  'The Kardashians stopped coming': Celeb eatery at Trump Soho shutting its doors after 'A-list diners boycot hotspot following Donald's election win' Precious cargo! Amanda Seyfried holds on tight to month-old baby daughter as she strolls in LA with her mom Enjoying mommy duties Fringe benefits! Naomi Watts debuts 'fresh haircut' and stylised bangs in behind-the-scenes snap of Twin Peaks  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Still heating up the beach! Baywatch vet Donna D'Errico, 49, looks sizzling in signature red bathing suit as she hits Malibu Hot metal! Model Coco Rocha wears a silver strapless dress to a star-studded charity event in New York City The model stunned in a silver bodice  Beautiful in Brazil! Kate Moss looks ravishing in crushed velvet gown as she hosts Sao Paulo amFAR gala The 43-year-old model was a vision of beauty  RHOA star Kenya Moore no shows hearing as judge nixes restraining on ex-boyfriend Matt Jordan Brooklyn Beckham keeps things casual for a low-key dinner at a trendy London restaurant... but opts against driving home at the end of the night  EXCLUSIVE: Tinsley Mortimer opens up about her 'humiliating' arrest and reveals how RHONY co-star Sonja Morgan helped her escape 'abusive' ex  'We're going to set the world on fire!' Tom Hanks says he has 'top secret plans' to celebrate 29th wedding anniversary with wife Rita Wilson Fashion face-off!  Melania Trump makes  statement in $4,100 military-inspired suit as Argentine president's wife wears heels by  a brand SUING Ivanka Model Rosie Huntington-Whiteley reveals her selfie secrets in sexy shoot... and confesses that even SHE is insecure about her looks Pretty as a petal! Lea Michele plays the girl next store in cute pink floral dress... after sharing risque shot of herself in underwear How sweet it is: Reese Witherspoon is cheery in cherry blouse tucked into white mini skirt while heading to LA office  Chloe Lattanzi can barely contain her busty assets in plunging tank top after asking fans not to judge her for 'sexy modelling pics on Instagram' Stepping up! Jenna Dewan flashes toned tum in sexy black two-piece dress while out in LA The 36-year-old actress showed some skin  Can't blame this on the wind! Bella Hadid flashes dainty lace bra in hoodie that's missing a FRONT as she leaves NYC building 'We're all so hard on ourselves!': Bachelor vet Jillian Harris speaks out about 'mommy guilt' as she balances newborn with reality TV career 'I actually invented Lemonade so it should be free': Candid Polaroid of pregnant Beyonce ordering food is turned into a hilarious viral meme Aaron Taylor-Johnson, 26, is dapper in black at premiere of The Wall with wife Sam, 50... after suggesting he might quit acting to focus on fatherhood Clearly amazing! Christina Milian shows off shapely legs in tight black leggings with sheer panels as she hikes in LA Friendly exes! Mindy Kaling looks stylish in red patterned top as she pals around with former flame B.J.Novak They've been broken up for years Aaron Hernandez's fiancée could sell their mini-mansion for $1.2million as his estate drops to ZERO dollars Big decision for Shayanna Jenkins  Family rivalry! Melissa Benoist films Supergirl versus Superman fight scene for TV series soaking wet in Vancouver Backlash! Katy Perry's fans voice their anger over her new single Bon Appetit which features 'homophobic' rap group Migos SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Fergie and her girls sing for their supper at launch of luxury $257million London hotel  'The luckiest girl in the whole world!' Gotham star Jessica Lucas flashes new ring as she announces engagement to butcher Alex Jermasek Harry Potter stage star Noma Dumezweni will work her magic in The Hague in a new eight-part British drama about the International Criminal Court  Karen Gillan insists both she and her Jumanji character Ruby share fans' annoyance at her sexy jungle get up 'but it's for a reason' 'Are you and Mariah still sleeping together?': Nick Cannon gets grilled by Wendy Williams about close relationship with his diva ex  Successful women, including Martha Stewart and Robin Robert, reveal the essential life lessons they wish they had known at age 21 Brad Pitt 'enjoys a fun family dinner with his six kids as they all stay overnight with him for the first time since split with Angelina Jolie seven months ago' Pre-wedding workout, Pippa? As nuptials draw near, Kate's sister shows off her shapely legs as she visits London gym (with a healthy snack in hand)  James Earl Jones, 86, set to receive special lifetime achievement honor at Tony Awards The storied actor will be honored for his outstanding career Beauty and the best: Lucy Hale's blue eyeshadow, Janelle Monae's DOVE hairstyle and Gwen Stefani's curls top this week's list of head-turning looks Ivanka vacation: Jesse Watters off air and on a family trip 24 hours after 'sexually suggestive' Trump comment - despite it being his first week on the job Blue jean baby! As Bella Hadid continues to step out in head-to-toe denim ensembles, FEMAIL reveals the four stylish ways YOU can too Hot spring trend! As Ivanka Trump dons a purposefully mismatched set of Marni earrings, FEMAIL reveals how to get the designer look  Laverne Cox stuns in pink duster over jumpsuit at WE Day celebration in LA... as it's revealed she is joining AGT as guest judge Stunning mother shares photos of her toned figure, one year after giving birth to TWINS - as she reveals she lost her baby weight in just THREE WEEKS T.I. 'served with divorce papers' from estranged wife Tameka 'Tiny' Cottle-Harris...months after she files documents to end marriage Something blue! After Bridal Fashion Week comes to an end, a backstage manicurist reveals pretty blue nail art ideas perfect for your wedding day Disney star Michael Mantenuto, 35, from the 2004 Kurt Russell hockey film Miracle, is found dead in his car in Des Moines after shooting himself  Social media star The Fat Jew shares hilarious - and SCATHING - critique of the worst festival fashions to help YOU avoid the same style offences 'I would love to do another Austin Powers,' reveals Mike Myers as cast spill behind-the-scenes secrets 20 years after original Yeah, baby! EXCLUSIVE:  How sex-fueled Australian used-car salesman George Lazenby conned his way into playing James Bond is revealed in new documentary She's good! Leslie Jones makes Jimmy Fallon WALK OFF STAGE after dropping punchline...and jokes with Dr. Phil about Cash Me Outside Girl PIERS MORGAN: The week Kim hit rock bottom and finally made me realize I no longer wish to keep up with her or any of the greedy, cynical Kardashian clan He used to model too! Cindy Crawford posts throwback snap of husband Rande Gerber flashing his muscles to wish him a happy 55th birthday Art attack! Demi Lovato debuts her massive lion hand tattoo as she stuns in gold silk dress at WE Day in Los Angeles Looked totally gorgeous Just kidding! Selena Gomez heads to WE Day event in California with shoulder length hair after tricking fans into believing she had gone the big chop   Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer nails the ripped-jean look when hanging out with Selena Gomez and Demi Lovato at WE Day Know  how to look good  She's a party princess! Beatrice of York dazzles in a tasseled jacket as she arrives at the Sport Industry Awards for her third consecutive night out this week Former 'Bachelor' star Chris Soules hires a high-profile Iowa law firm just days after he is arrested for 'fleeing a deadly hit and run'  near his home Now that's puppy love! Nina Dobrev introduces her cute new fur baby Mrs Maverick (who already has her own Instagram account) She's Border Collie mix Hey Pretty Woman! Rita Ora flashes her NIPPLES in sheer vest and fetish PVC oufit as she rocks her raciest look yet for sexy photoshoot Leopard lady: Dakota Johnson shows her animal instincts in spotted coat as she's seen at LAX airport She kept her shades on even inside 'Belly love!' Size 22 star Tess Holliday celebrates her postpartum curves by sharing underwear selfie - just days after partner posted snap of her breastfeeding son  Walk on the wild side! Au naturale Alicia Keys wears bold animal print on WE Day red carpet  The 36-year-old singer and Voice coach went makeup-free  Pretty Little Lady! Shay Mitchell shows off toned stomach in sparkly crop top paired with pants that flared at bottom at WE Day celebration in Los Angeles Still sizzling at 46! Uma Thurman appears youthful in flattering blue bathing suit as she poses away like a Hollywood pinup on Florida beach Taking a bite out of the Big Apple! Bethenny Frankel is teaming up with Fredrik Eklund for new Bravo real estate series set in New York City 'She doesn't want to talk to me... it's sad': Caitlyn Jenner claims it's been TWO YEARS since she's spoken to Khloe Kardashian Shocking confession 'I'm afraid of everything': Kim Kardashian panics as crowd assembles during shopping outing...months after horrific robbery in Paris EXCLUSIVE: He taught Faye Dunaway to swim and Whitney Houston kissed him on lips: Ex pool manager at Beverly Hills Hotel shares Hollywood secrets Kellyanne Conway 'set to move to lavish $8million Washington DC mansion' with eight bedrooms, a pool and Hillary Clinton as a neighbor Nicole Contreras takes swipe at her ex Stephen Belafonte amid his bitter divorce battle with Mel B... as she throws her support behind the former Spice Girl White House press secretary Sean Spicer hangs himself with an 'I quit' sign around neck in savage new episode of The Simpsons to mark Trump's first 100 days EXCLUSIVE: Agony for grieving husband of Erin Moran, seen for first time at trailer park home since he woke to find cancer-stricken actress had died by his side 'It's no less offensive than anything on SNL': Joseph Fiennes defends Michael Jackson role in controversial spoof... after it was scrapped when family complained Janet Jackson, 50, 'is eyeing return to the stage'... just months after birth of son Eissa with ex Wissam El Mana Postponed world tour in 2016 to start a family  That's what she likes! Newly-single Janet Jackson takes brother Randy to a Bruno Mars concert as she takes a break from caring for her baby son Eissa Naya Rivera bonds with baby Josey while running errands after enjoying red hot dates with David Spade Spotted leaving a Trader Joe's in Los Angeles 'Having a family is the meaning of life': Paris Hilton reveals she wants to have children with boyfriend Chris Zylka They've been together for just four months Quality time! Sean Penn makes rare appearance with model daughter Dylan Frances as they grab iced tea in Los Angeles Quality time together Caitlyn Jenner says OJ was guilty and reveals Kim and Kourtney struggled with their dad defending man accused of killing their mom's best friend Nicole Brown My 'privilege and responsibility' by Ivanka Trump: First Daughter uses book to say it's her mission to 'inspire and empower women who work' to 'new heights' 'Give the people an album!' Fans stunned by Rumer Willis vocals after she channels Amy Winehouse singing Crazy Crazy for You on Empire The dogfather! Robert De Niro, 73, tries out some filters as he makes his Snapchat debut during Tribeca Film Festival Not quite Raging Bull Calling all Little Monsters! Lady Gaga invites her fans to be extras in her new film A Star Is Born with Bradley Cooper Huge film role for singer Ready for a family! Glee vet Kristin Chenoweth, 48, says she might adopt a child... just like her parents did The 48 year old actress has put career first Yes it's true! Anthony LaPaglia's  girlfriend Alexandra Henkel, 26, CONFIRMS engagement to actor, 58, by flashing her diamond ring and giving him a hug Amber Rose puts on a VERY busty display in tiny feather-trimmed pink mini dress as she parties the night away with pals Bodyguard kept close  'I had to put a little milk box in my bra': Kim Kardashian reveals she had to pretend to BREASTFEED daughter North, 3, so she wouldn't get jealous of Saint Mutter and me: Ivanka Trump enjoys adorable date with baby Theo after arriving home from first official White House trip to Germany (but what did she wish for?) She's a long way from Downton Abbey! Lily James goes completely NAKED as she romps with Jai Courtney in gritty WWII movie The Exception Makeup-free Shannen Doherty keeps her cap low during sushi date in Malibu with husband Kurt Iswarienko after completing painful chemotherapy Shirtless Drake shares a shot of himself at the SAME luxury Caribbean resort his ex Jennifer Lopez and her new beau Alex Rodriguez stayed at just days ago Lady in red! Charlene of Monaco stuns in scarlet as she attends a glittering gala in Johannesburg (but gets interrupted by a call from Prince Albert) Sister act! Mary-Kate and Ashley Olsen match in head-to-toe black as they step out in New York Former child stars are now 30 years old Who knew Queen Elizabeth liked Coca-Cola? British monarch's favorite treats revealed (including shortbread and spicy Tabasco) 'Very dangerous!' Kate Hudson grills mom Goldie Hawn on not giving her advice, dancing on tables and why never to dream of being an actor 'I just kept my t*t out!' Amy Schumer explains how she took the awkwardness out of shooting topless scene in new movie Snatched with Goldie Hawn Hugh Jackman goes on casual stroll walking dogs with wife Deborra-Lee Furness as he sports a more slender frame after ditching Wolverine diet Sophie Turner slips into skinny jeans as she arrives in Berlin to shoot her new movie I Love You before continuing work on Game Of Thrones They want WHAT? Bones star David Boreanaz reveals the bizarre item his super fans ALWAYS ask for at meet-and-greets Former Buffy hunk Pretty in pink! Hilary Duff makes a leggy impression as she films show Younger in New York City Joined by Sutton Foster and Molly Bernard Opportunist Al Pacino, 77,  helps himself to a saucy feel of bikini-clad girlfriend Lucila Sola, 38, before they passionately kiss in the sea on  Mexico getaway Nothing gray about this lady! The Detour star Natalie Zea looks stunning in plunging dress as she mingles with Sharon Stone at Grey Lady premiere Nothing to see here, Kylie! Tyga gets cozy with rumored new love interest Jordan Ozuna as he wraps his arms around lookalike of his ex at LA bar Model behavior! Lottie Moss storms the catwalk with Sofia Richie for the star-studded Samantha Thavasa Millennials Show in Tokyo 'Times a changin' y'all!' Southern Charm star Cameran Eubanks announces she's expecting first child Exciting news for the reality star  Amber Heard flaunts her taut abs as she gets a workout in before shooting Aquaman in Australia Nicole Kidman and Jason Momoa in flick 'She was bisexual': Whitney Houston's sexuality is revisited in new documentary as it's claimed she was in a gay relationship with assistant Robyn  Kim Kardashian in tears as she claims Paris robbery changed her and made her less materialistic... but she continues to sell her merchandise on Twitter April showers! Queen Letizia of Spain wears gray to match the skies as she takes shelter from a downpour in Valencia  At rare diseases talk Rosie Huntington-Whiteley shows off her enivable pre-pregnancy figure as she smolders in sizzling shoot for her new swimwear range Now has baby on way Looking like Milian dollars: Singer Christina's leopard print mini struggles to contain her curves as she hits Hollywood nightclub Head-turning outfit Having a bowl! Channing Tatum celebrates his 37th birthday at an LA bowling alley with family and friends Looked like a playful kid Kate Beckinsale displays her long legs in thigh-high boots and skimpy suede miniskirt as she steps out in style at Craig's in West Hollywood Girls' night! Joanna Krupa shows off her slim figure in spray-on leggings as she heads out to dinner with friends in LA At Craig's in WeHo From Hollywood royalty to homeless: Natalie Wood's former Bond girl sister Lana reveals she's living in a motel room with five family members Just what is her secret? Ever youthful Elsa Pataky, 40, reveals her FLAWLESS complexion as she steps out makeup free on vacation in Spain  Ivanka Trump pays gushing birthday tribute to 'incredible stepmom' Melania after report claimed that the pair have a frosty relationship Kim Kardashian flaunts her cleavage and curvaceous figure in plunging crop top and skimpy thong in Mexico... after slamming haters in airbrush rant 'She's alienating me from my kids!' Caitlyn Jenner SLAMS ex-wife Kris for branding her book claims about their marriage 'lies'... as Kim brands her 'hurtful' Making a splash! Kourtney Kardashian puts underboob on display AGAIN in navy bikini while jet skiing in Mexico Another raunchy snap  Red hot! Pregnant Beyonce accentuates bump in sultry crimson gown for intimate Polaroids from star-studded dinner party Sienna Miller looks early noughties chic as she sports curly hair, a crop top with low-rise jeans on the set of her new movie The Burning Woman On Stranger Rides: Johnny Depp dresses up as Captain Jack Sparrow as the A-lister surprises fans by popping up at Disneyland attraction 'Photoshop and Photoshop and more Photoshop': Kylie Jenner blasted by fans after she posted 'edited' image of her tiny waist in Puma underpants Age-defying Halle Berry, 50, shows off her naturally striking looks as she steps out make-up free  The A-Lister looked cheerful  Charlotte McKinney teams white bustier with high-waisted skinny jeans and killer heels as she leaves restaurant Looked incredible on a night out in California John Legend says Trump is 'one of the worst people I've ever encountered' and it's fine that Obama is now making $400,000 per speech from Wall Street Lena Dunham admits she went into a 'psychotic rage' after the election and had to leave Obama's last  party because all she could do was cry  A family affair! Susan Sarandon supports son Miles Robbins as he DJs fragrance event in NYC The Feud star donned a casual outfit as she watched the 24-year-old Showing off her boot! Jane The Virgin star Gina Rodriguez flaunts delightful derriere in leggings as she shuts trunk Junk in the trunk Queen Elizabeth will 'dress down' for a low profile State Opening of Parliament when MPs return to Westminster after the snap election, the Palace reveals  Bachelor star Chris Soules breaks his silence to say he and his family are 'overwhelmed' after he allegedly killed his neighbor in a car crash  'He's probably devastated': Bachelorette's Andi Dorfman reacts to Chris Soules' arrest after 'life-altering tragedy' and fleeing scene of crash Hot metal! Victoria Justice sizzles in a slinky silver dress as she attends Harper's Bazaar party Actress flaunted her slender legs  'I've always wanted to make a difference': Paris Jackson stuns in sexy Marilyn Monroe makeover as she discusses continuing  dad Michael's legacy Beaming beauty! Katie Holmes rocks double denim as she grins from ear-to-ear while out in New York Sucessful shopping expedition  'Pray you never run into me': Erin Moran's brother slams Scott Baio for suggesting his late Happy Days co-star died of drug overdose 'It was just a spiral': Michael 'The Situation' Sorrentino reveals being '100 percent' sober after second rehab Has been clean for the last 18 months  'Happy bump day': Teen Mom 2's Kailyn Lowry shows off her baby bump in all-natural shot Reality star wore a Nike top in the shot where she grabs her bump Sly and the family Stallone! Sylvester shows off wife and daughters at star-studded Harper's Bazaar party Looked proud as punch Sizzling hot! Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts cleavage, taut torso and pert derrière in skimpy swimwear for latest shoot Used to be a lawyer 'From DC universe comes skincare man': Russell Crowe joins Instagram with hilarious face mask video and says Ratatouille is key to a great acting career Formula One racing driver Jenson Button's model girlfriend Brittny Ward sets pulses racing as she shares sizzling shot of herself posing in a skimpy blue bikini Earth mother! Lana Del Rey skips the make-up as she gulps green juice in LA... amid rumors she is romancing rapper G-Easy On a health kick  Demi Lovato under fire for promoting weight loss tea containing laxative which could irritate colon and remove key nutrients from the bowels Leggy Margot Robbie and husband Tom Ackerley touch down LA after couple celebrate actress being named one of Time's 100 Most Influential People Chrissy Teigen and John Legend take hand-in-hand stroll... after revealing his family will join him on tour The whole clan will be with him on the tour bus No hard feelings here! Prince Harry's ex Cressida Bonas looks smitten with her rower boyfriend as the pair put on a loved-up display in London 'I'm an Old Soul': Second Wives Club star Shiva Safai insists she doesn't care about 33-year age gap between she and fiancé Mohamed Hadid = Former beauty queen Katherine Webb shares comical photo of her 11-month-old son Tripp grimacing as she holds him in the sand during his second beach trip Basic fashion instincts! Sharon Stone goes for casual look at Los Angeles premiere of Grey Lady Correctly styled for spring 'There is no fighting': Janet Jackson and estranged husband Wissam Al Mana 'trust each other' The pair have an amicable arrangement 'They would laugh in my face!' Teary-eyed Abby Lee Miller says Lifetime's producers didn't want her losing weight for Dance Moms Now had gastric surgery  Doting dad Chad Michael Murray and wife enjoy an outing with newborn daughter and toddler son Pair had their hands full with their kids  Queen of the North: Monica Lewinsky and her flawless hair hold court at the annual TED conference in Vancouver Emma Watson sizzles in a white hot off-the-shoulder gown with daring thigh split at The Circle premiere Actress turned heads on the red carpet  Party pooper! Rapper PartyNextDoor UNFOLLOWS Zayn Malik from social media and DELETES all traces of his collaboration on single Still Got Time Braless singer Jessie J stuns in a plunging purple mini-dress as she takes to the stage at WE Day Cocktail Party in Los Angeles Charity bash for kids Supermodel Cindy Crawford, 51, wears spray-on jeans as she links arms with husband Rande Gerber, 55, on date night at Craig's Chic and casual  Winnie Harlow sizzles in a scarlet cutaway dress as she joins swimsuit-clad cover girl Adriana Lima in bold LOVE magazine shoot Covergirls     DON'T MISS Won't cast her away! Tom Hanks keeps a tight grip on his lovely wife Rita Wilson's hand while walking red carpet for The Circle premiere Lost none of their spark At least she has Elon! Amber Heard says she's 'missing' her pet pooch Pistol while in Australia with billionaire boyfriend following dog smuggling drama with ex Depp Mississippi sheriff's deputy claims R. Kelly had a five-year affair with his wife that led to their divorce and left him in financial ruin Said they met at concert  'She can go write her own book': Caitlyn Jenner slams Kris over 'differences in opinion'... then reveals ex wife secretly decorated her home 'I felt sorry for Kendall': Caitlyn Jenner defends her daughter's 'so cool' Pepsi ad as she failed to see what was problematic about the commercial She looks outta this world! Liv Tyler oozes glamour in figure-flattering pink tea dress as she cosies up with pal George Clooney at 'Lost In Space' party  Taking the plunge! Zoe Kravitz embraces classic elegance in strapless black gown at Tiffany & Co. party The blonde bombshell look Out with a bang! Katy Perry to perform as musical guest during upcoming season finale of Saturday Night Live The 32-year-old pop star will close out the season Don't tell dad! Brooklyn Beckham is spotted driving his father David's Land Rover car in London with a cracked wing mirror Who's to blame? Jackie Kennedy's strict diet of an egg for breakfast and cottage cheese for lunch recounted by her former assistant who dishes on life with former first lady Still enjoying wedded bliss: LeAnn Rimes and Eddie Cibrian look closer than ever as they return from loved-up break to celebrate sixth anniversary My $40,000 diamond and gold watch, by revolutionary Redgrave: Actress Vanessa raises eyebrows after saying timepiece is one of 'my favorite things' Making a splash! Kourtney Kardashian poses poolside in tiny bathing suit ...and flashes backside in cheeky bikini during girls' trip to Mexico Fishing for compliments? Khloe Kardashian rocks unusual cut-out jeans to show off her fishnet-clad physique Flaunted her cleavage  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Angelina Jolie is a mom who rocks as she treats daughter Shiloh to a ukulele while enjoying bonding day in Los Angeles Ian Somerhalder celebrates second anniversary with Nikki Reed in studio and hopes 'for a million more' It's been two years  Celine Dion's Florida mansion sells to a mystery buyer for $38.5 million - HALF its original asking price Slashed the price to attract buyers  Party girls! Duchess of York joins Beatrice and Eugenie for their second night on the town in a row at exclusive launch of The Ned in London Joined her daughters  Top of the crops! Emily Ratajkowski flashes cleavage and trim midriff in sports bra on DKNY photo shoot  Spent morning around the West Village  Time for a booty workout! Make-up free Kim Kardashian swaps eye-popping bikinis for fitness gear on girls' trip to Mexico Ditched the swimwear  Petal power! Blac Chyna hits the florals in a vibrant tracksuit and furry sliders amid turbulent relationship being discussed on KUWTK Baywatch babe: Justin Bieber's ex Chantel Jeffries channels Pamela Anderson in iconic red swimsuit She's ready for the release of the remake  Has Wolverine slimmed down? Hugh Jackman cuts a slender frame as he poses with wife Deborra-Lee Furness at Broadway musical Model looks! Harry Styles' ex Georgia Fowler looks fresh-faced during New York shoot after starring in Selena Gomez's new music video Lea Michele gives peek at toned tum in cutout black jumpsuit... after saying she will 'come after' actress who lands dream role in Wicked movie Bump, set, spike! Victoria's Secret Angels Martha Hunt and Lais Ribeiro show off their world class abs in volleyball photo shoot 'I was struggling with myself too much': Caitlyn Jenner regrets not being there for her kids while working through gender identity Red hot! Pregnant Beyonce accentuates bump in sultry crimson gown for intimate Polaroids from star-studded dinner party Comedian Vito Gesualdi ridicules Pepsi and Kendall Jenner with video showing him trying (and failing) to calm a violent anti-Trump protest with a can of soda Room with a PHEW! Rita Ora strips down to her bra in front of open window as she strikes a pose for Italian fashion brand Mel B emerges in West Hollywood in plunging pink top and sexy thigh-high boots... after estranged ex Stephen Belafonte is granted visitation rights  Her secret to staying fit? Kate Hudson flaunts her fabulous figure in blue gym outfit before using Oxygen Therapy during workout session Shady lady: Ashley Benson grabs coffee in huge mirrored sunglasses as her show Pretty Little Liars nears series finale Going strong! Emma Roberts and Evan Peters gaze adoringly at each other on casual day out in NYC The on-and-off pair looked loved-up Ellie Goulding puts on a leggy display in a sexy semi-sheer mini dress as she joins a bevy of stars at Omega's 'Lost In Space' anniversary party in London A Star Is... Forlorn? Bradley Cooper looks downcast as he takes a break from shooting A Star Is Born in LA with Lady Gaga Love triangle revealed! Mary J Blige's husband Martin, 48, 'left the iconic singer for her protégé Starshell, 28' She filed for divorce last year  That's a whole Lott(a) pink! Pixie steps out in a slinky dress that matches her vibrant tresses as stuns at Omega's anniversary bash in London Fashion star Liu Wen teaches Wendi Murdoch and her daughters how to take the perfect selfie, before showing Regis the right way to eat dumplings  PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Kendall Jenner's pal Justine Skye shows off her model physique as she poses in some skimpy swimwear for sizzling Icing campaign My dad's a Legend! Chrissy Teigen's girl Luna points out her father John on Time 100 magazine cover in cute Snapchat video Amy Schumer flaunts her curves in chic printed dress while co-star Goldie Hawn, 71, looks timeless at Snatched screening in London Fixer Upper star Joanna Gaines denies rumors she's quitting show to launch a skincare line Has knocked down the rumors  Matthew McConaughey's stunning wife Camila Alves goes makeup-free in Manhattan as she models a festive straw hat 'Boobs!' Justin Bieber's 'ex' Sahara Ray sets pulses racing as she exhibits her eye-popping cleavage by stripping off for provocative snap Age-defying Elizabeth Hurley, 51, puts her eye-popping cleavage on display in skimpy bikini as she soaks up the sun on Seychelles beach break Today's headlines Most Read Trump warns 'major, major' North Korea conflict is 'absolutely' possible and admits he thought the... Arkansas executes its fourth death row inmate in eight days: Murderer, 38, is final man put to death in... House Republicans push back Obamacare repeal vote to next week - denying Trump a legislative win during his... 'It'd be the end of Fox News as we know it': Sean Hannity launches passionate defense of under-fire... Shocking footage shows group of high school bullies savagely beating a girl, 12, in the bathroom and leaving... Organic pet food company recalls products over fears they contain a EUTHANASIA drug  Boy, 8, dies after a flower box falls on his head as he was climbing up the side of his house Tennessee boy's family sue his former high school for $4.5million after the married female janitor, 29,... Alex Jones' ex-wife wins joint custody of kids and gets to decide who they live with in major defeat for... Five hundred people will get duplicate tax refund checks - but they can only cash one of them, officials... Eighth grader, 14, with rare form of brain cancer steals the show at the NFL Draft as he announces Baltimore... City of brotherly love! NFL commissioner Roger Goodell is mercilessly booed by Philadelphia crowd at the... Oakland Raiders draft Gareon Conley in the first round despite sexual assault allegation hanging over him 'The North Korean crisis is the worst I've ever seen': Pacific's top US Navy officer says we must assume Kim... Really, Vlad? Putin calls on countries to 'refrain from military rhetoric' over Korea - as his armoured... China turns nuclear submarine into a museum allowing tourists a glimpse into Beijing's mighty military power PIERS MORGAN: The week Kim hit rock bottom and finally made me realize I no longer wish to keep up with her... Is the Instagram queen's reign over? Kim Kardashian loses 100,000 followers as she faces a fan backlash over... 'The Kardashians stopped coming': Celeb eatery at Trump Soho shutting its doors after 'A-list diners boycot... Aaron Hernandez's fiancée could sell their 15-room Massachusetts mini-mansion for $1.2million as his estate... Former 'Bachelor' star Chris Soules' new legal team says he 'did everything' to save his neighbor after... Day care worker, 60, is shot and killed in a case of 'mistaken identity' by driver who opened fire on the... Police arrest at least six Berkeley protesters as tense demonstrations continue just one day after Ann... Atlanta attorney indicted on murder charges seven months after fatally shooting his wife from the backseat... Waffle House co-founder, 98, dies just weeks after the business partner he started the chain with passed... Is there one in your wallet? Rare WW2-era copper wheat pennies - known as a Wheat Cent - are selling for... He's closing in on Bill Gates: Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos adds $3.3billion to his fortune in ONE DAY - leaving... Google parent company Alphabet's profits surge by 29 per cent to more than $5BILLION as it shifts business... Vacation agrees with her! Smiling and relaxed Michelle Obama makes her first public appearance at a Florida... MORE HEADLINES PIERS MORGAN: The week Kim hit rock bottom and finally made me realize I no longer wish to keep up with her or any of the greedy, cynical Kardashian clan North Korea obliterates US Capitol and puts the White House in crosshairs in terrifying World War 3 video mock-up  Aaron Hernandez's fiancée could sell their 15-room Massachusetts mini-mansion for $1.2million as his estate drops to ZERO dollars Shocking footage shows group of high school bullies savagely beating a girl, 12, in the bathroom and leaving her with severe head injuries Vacation agrees with her! Smiling and relaxed Michelle Obama makes her first public appearance at a Florida conference Two Detroit doctors and a woman are charged over genital mutilation of two seven-year-old girls - but they claim it is an Islamic religious practice and no crime was committed Tennessee boy's family sue his former high school for $4.5million after the married female janitor, 29, 'pulled the 16-year-old into a room and raped him' Trump warns 'major, major' North Korea conflict is 'absolutely' possible and admits he thought the presidency would be easier than his 'previous life' in interview marking his first 100 days  Is there one in your wallet? Rare WW2-era copper wheat pennies - known as a Wheat Cent - are selling for $85,000 at auction EXCLUSIVE: British man thrown off diverted BA flight from London to Jamaica over 'upgrade' is revealed to be a CANCER sufferer, 65, who 'was handcuffed, covered in a blanket and treated like a slave' United Airlines reaches settlement with Dr. David Dao for undisclosed amount after he was left bloodied and bruised from being dragged off flight Amber Alert teacher, 50, 'ADMITTED to his wife he slept with student, 15,' after he was caught and has repeatedly begged for forgiveness 'I saw him drop my daughter with the rope and I couldn't continue to watch': Thai mother of 11-month-old baby murdered on Facebook Live reveals the horrifying moment she saw her girl killed  Kellyanne Conway 'set to move to lavish $8million DC mansion’ with eight bedrooms, a pool and Hillary Clinton as a neighbor Ivanka vacation: Jesse Watters off the air and on a family trip 24 hours after 'sexually suggestive' Trump comment - despite it being his first week on the job Cambodian actress is banned from making new movies for a year because culture bosses say she is 'too sexy'  Mutter and me: Ivanka Trump enjoys an adorable date with baby Theo after arriving home from first official White House trip to Germany (but what did she wish for?) EXCLUSIVE: Socialite Tinsley Mortimer opens up about her 'humiliating' arrest last year and reveals how RHONY co-star Sonja Morgan helped her escape 'abusive' relationship with billionaire ex-boyfriend Boy, 17, fatally shoots his 13-year-old sister on his birthday when he aimed a loaded gun at her head and fired while they were 'goofing around' Terrifying moment an ISIS jihadist blows himself up along with three Iraqi police officers as they go to arrest him in Mosul  Tracked on CCTV by the Met and MI5's state-of-the-art terror experts: How authorities tailed attack suspect on his Tube trip before catching him with 'rucksack of knives' at Westminster  Parents of five accidentally die of carbon monoxide poisoning in their SUV while sitting in a Kansas City Wal-Mart parking lot EXCLUSIVE: Sad days for grieving husband of Erin Moran, seen for the first time at his trailer park home since he woke to find the cancer-stricken actress had died by his side Is Bigfoot lurking in Holland? Terrified tourists film sinister creature watching them from behind a tree in a Dutch national park  Female prison guard, 29, killed in brutal assault 'by a convicted murderer serving life behind bars' PICTURED: The shot-out shell of a home where cop-killer barricaded himself for nearly 21 hours before emerging, guns blazing, and being shot dead by police North Korea in Polaroid: Kim Jong-un's people appear relaxed in retro-style photos showing daily life in the communist enclave's capital city  MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
clock menu more-arrow Basil, just chilling in a jean jacket. Photo: Barkarama/Rachel Oates Pet Photography Dogs Are Wearing Legwarmers Because We’re Not Having Babies Pup fashion is more popular in the US than ever, but why? by Clare Kane Apr 27, 2017, 9:32am EDT tweet share pin Basil wears band T-shirts, frayed denim jackets, and, on days when he’s feeling particularly smart, a belted blue Mackintosh raincoat. Basil is a dog. A Boston terrier with an enviable wardrobe and almost 3,000 followers on Instagram, Basil is also a sign of our times, a living, breathing symbol of the fashion revolution happening at our feet. “Basil is such a handsome and chic hound, it seemed only fitting I bought him lovely apparel and accessories,” Basil’s owner, and the founder of pet fashion and lifestyle blog Barkarama, Alex Frith, says. “Plus as a short-haired dog, he really feels the cold in winter, so if he has to wear a coat… I want it to be a nice one.” Basil in his raincoat. Photo: Barkarama/Rachel Oates Pet Photography She buys Basil’s outfits from sites like Pethaus, which stocks denim vests embroidered with “Bark Sabbath” patches, and Lead The Walk, which offers $100+ quilted dog coats alongside fluffy canine bathrobes. And Frith is far from alone in her pet-fashion habits. Dog apparel is big business: Americans dropped $11 billion in 2015 on treats for their pets, including clothes, while the overall pet industry is predicted to be worth a record $69 billion this year. What was once the preserve of Paris Hilton-style pampered pooches is now increasingly mainstream, with retailers like Target and Walmart offering doggie bowties, party hats, and even faux suede booties. “I've watched pet fashion evolve from being abnormal to normal,” Dara Foster, a dog stylist who founded her business PupStyle 15 years ago, says. “Pet parents automatically think of buying a rain coat along with a leash and collar as essentials when they adopt a new dog.” There are even trends within the canine fashion world: Right now, gingham, plaid, and patches are in, according to doggie bloggers. Get the girls together, it's Friday #girlgang #sorrynotsorry #dogsindenim #dogsofinstagram #coolpups #leadthewalk @sukiandthecity A post shared by LEADTHEWALK.COM (@leadthewalk) on Mar 17, 2017 at 3:47am PDT “By far the hottest trend in dog fashions, especially for Fetch, over the past four months is dog leg warmers,” says Heidi Cox of Fetch Dog Fashions. The second most popular item on her site is — what else? — a poop emoji shirt. Some dog apparel looks spookily human, like a “Cute But Crazy” slogan tee you might believe was from Forever 21 if it came in human sizes, or a Philadelphia Eagles NFL jersey that’s straight out of your brother’s closet. So, as dog clothing becomes increasingly mainstream, you might find yourself considering purchasing a cupcake-print tea dress or biker-style faux leather vest for your own pooch. But why? For Frith, it’s simple. Dogs are “now very much part of family” and deserve to be treated as such, meaning owners might buy pet apparel for practical reasons, to mark a special occasion, or just on a whim. Don and Chris Vondriska, owners of dog boutique Fido Park Avenue, believe this elevation of the dog from animal to family member is behind the expansion of their business. “The dog industry is a big business,” they say. “It will continue to grow in the coming years because more families are seeing and loving their dog as a family member.” No longer confined to the kennel, dogs have won their way into our beds, our brunches, and, now, our wardrobes. “Ari is my baby, and just like you dress up a human child, I dress up my dog,” Maitri Mody, of Honey, I Dressed the Pug, says. “What I enjoy the most is to have a partner in style. We believe in ‘twinning is winning,’ and we have a whole lot of fun doing it.” One in three pet owners in the US is a millennial, according to market research firm Packaged Facts, while Mintel asserts that three-quarters of Americans in their 30s own a dog. At the same time, the average age at which we first have kids continues to rise and a quarter of millennials may never marry. Ari, of Honey, I Dressed the Pug. Photo: @honeyidressedthepug “The family pet is coming closer to being a person with rights and understanding of what is human seems to be widening,” Annamari Vänskä, a postdoctoral research fellow based at the University of Stockholm’s Centre for Fashion Studies, writes in a 2014 paper. “In some cases, the personified dog is also starting to replace the human/baby/child altogether, becoming the surrogate child.” And while dogs might not bring all the joys (and responsibilities) of kids, a study of hormonal bonding between humans and other species showed that when dogs look into our eyes we experience the same positive feedback loop mothers undergo with their infant children. Dogs as a shortcut to building a hassle-free family is a well-documented social phenomenon in Japan, where canine fashion has been mainstream for years. There, demographic shifts are even more dramatic than in the West, with birth rates at an all-time low and many young people feeling they don’t want to or are unable to get married. Vänskä suggests that Japanese women are choosing dogs over children due to expectations that women will quit work to become stay-at-home mothers. Dogs offer a middle ground between career and family. Who you callin a little grump! . @brussels.sprout #pethauspackleader doin denim and stripes like a boss link in profile. . . #griffon #grumpygriffons #petitbrabancon #brusselsgriffon #dogsofnewyork #batdog #denimfordogs #dogdenim #dogstyle #pethauspack #pethaus #denim #denimdogvest #denimdogjacket #madeinmelbourne #melbournefashion #newyorkfashion A post shared by PetHaus (@hellopethaus) on Mar 13, 2017 at 1:53pm PDT In China, where pups on the streets of Shanghai and Beijing are frequently spotted in sneakers, babydoll dresses, and raincoats, one psychologist has suggested young people see their furry friends as “a kind of escape from interpersonal relationships,” and substitute romantic partners for dogs. “The pet becomes a projection of the opposite sex for some people who do not find a partner,” Zhang Jiequn, from Shanghai’s Huada Institute of Applied Psychology, tells AFP. But not all dog dressers are looking for someone else in their dogs; instead, many seek to reflect themselves. Fashionable dogs can function as cute mini mes for some owners, and their styled get-ups make for potent social media currency. And while there is a market in fashion for other species — cats have their own fashion show at the Algonquin, bunnies in Japan wear bonnets, and you can even buy a kilt and beret for your bearded dragon — these animals are much less portable than a dog on a leash. “People have started taking their dogs out to brunches, coffee shops, weekend trips, etc. with them,” says Mody, whose Instagram features fashion inspo for humans and pugs alike. “If you are fashionable, then you want your dog to look great on these outings too. Ari's style is most certainly a reflection of my own. I wouldn't make him wear something that I wouldn't wear myself.” In fact, pets have long denoted status by signaling that owners possess sufficient disposable income to care for a four-legged friend. Kitting out these cuddly companions in cable-knit sweater dresses or “Pawdidas” athleisure hoodies is an even clearer indication of wealth that goes beyond the basics of bowls, collars, and leashes. Basil, in a scarf. Photo: Barkarama/Rachel Oates Pet Photography. Sharing a sweet snap of your schnauzer in black-framed glasses and a striped jumper is much subtler than posting images of designer purses or glittering bling, but the underlying message to your followers isn’t so different. “It also feeds the ego of the pet parent,” says pet stylist Foster, who has sold over a million books featuring photos of costumed pets. “Pet parents see their pet's fashion as extension of their own sense of style and love the extra attention they get when they show off their dressed-up pet.” There’s nothing to suggest dogs don’t like dressing up — Alex Frith reports that Basil “practically bounces” when wearing his favorite gray hoodie from Pethaus — but the dog owners Racked spoke with strongly advise against restrictive or uncomfortable clothes and advise safety first, whatever your reasons for getting your dog dolled up. “The clothes he wears should enhance his easygoing personality and make him feel comfortable, but at the same time bring out the swag,” Maitri says of her pug Ari. And that desire for doggy swag is good reason for those in this multibillion-dollar pet-care industry to keep smiling. Because while we might put off buying baby clothes or wedding dresses, we will, in the words of the Vondriskas of Fido Park Avenue, “continue to define who we are through our dogs.” New York City Shopping The Complete List of New York City Sample Sales Essays Calm Down, It’s Just a Tote Bag Shopping How to Buy Yeezys, From People Who Actually Have Loading comments... Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Community Guidelines Masthead How to Pitch All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
View Newsmax Mobile Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Sponsor Viagra Is Now Dead – Shocking Breakthrough Formula Astounds Doctors Home | Politics Tags: Climate Change | Donald Trump | Trump Administration | Environment | US | climate | politics US May Stay in Paris Climate Accord, With Caveats Energy secretary Rick Perry (AP) Thursday, 27 Apr 2017 09:07 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Signs are mounting that President Donald Trump's administration may stay in the landmark Paris climate change accord of 2015, under pressure from big business and public support for the agreement. But experts say the final decision, expected next month, is anything but certain, and staying at the table could come with significant caveats, like a weakening of US commitments to curbing greenhouse gas emissions. "Given the unpredictability of decision-making by this administration, I am very reluctant to predict," said Elliot Diringer, executive vice president of the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions. "But there does seem to be a growing convergence around a strategy of staying in the Paris Agreement but lowering the US target." The latest word on the administration's stance came from Energy Secretary Rick Perry, who said Tuesday he would not advise Trump to abandon the deal, but to "renegotiate it." That statement aligned Perry, the former governor of Texas, with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who formerly headed ExxonMobil and has spoken in favor of honoring the US commitment to the Paris deal, struck in 2015 and signed by more than 190 countries. Trump's daughter Ivanka, and son-in-law Jared Kushner -- who both serve as his advisers -- are also said to be in favor of the deal. On Wednesday, 13 major international businesses ranging from energy to pharmaceuticals to retail urged Trump to adhere to the Paris accord. "US business interests are best served by a stable and practical framework facilitating an effective and balanced global response," said the letter signed by BP, Shell, Walmart, Novartis, DuPont, Google, Intel, Microsoft and others. "We believe the Paris Agreement provides such a framework." But some in Trump's inner circle, including advisor Steve Bannon, want the president to keep his campaign promise to "cancel" the deal. Environmental Protection Agency administrator Scott Pruitt is also said to be pushing for a U.S. exit, according to Andrew Light, senior fellow at the World Resources Institute, a global research organization. "He is worried that if the US stays in Paris, that would become the basis for some kind of legal objection to his work now, to do things like dismantle the Clean Power Plan and regulations (former president Barack) Obama put in place on transportation and electricity sectors," Light told AFP. "I don't think the US staying in Paris interferes at all with what Pruitt wants to do with regard to domestic regulations," he added. "But if the US stays in Paris there is a very high likelihood they will also announce they intend to change the US target." The United States agreed at the Paris talks to reduce its carbon dioxide emissions by 26-28 percent by 2025, compared to 2005 levels. Under the agreement, signatories undertake to limit global warming to "well below" 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit (two degrees Celsius) over pre-industrial levels, and to strive for 1.5 C. Countries submitted voluntary, non-binding carbon-cutting goals towards this goal. Light, who is a former US State Department climate official, said any US weakening of its own target would go against the spirit of the climate deal. "But given that there is no strong compliance regime it is not really clear, to me at least, what other countries could do to try to keep the US from going through with some kind of revision," he said. On Monday, the UN's environment chief, Erik Solheim, told AFP he is confident that the United States will not pull out. "I am confident... I think we will see the United States on board," said Solheim. "Whatever happens with American policies, the United States will be able to fulfill the Paris commitments simply because of the surge of the private sector," he said. "This is what defines reality. Reality is not just political decisions. It's technology and business." The White House has said a decision will be announced before the G7 summit in Italy on May 26 and 27. "It is unclear, really, what they are going to do," said Frank Maisano, co-founder of the strategic communications practice at Bracewell, an international law firm based in Houston. "I think the sentiment is currently that they should stay in and for very good reasons, because we never had much success when we just pushed it to the side -- take our toys and go home," he told AFP. © AFP 2017 Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Politics Signs are mounting that President Donald Trump's administration may stay in the landmark Paris climate change accord of 2015, under pressure from big business and public support for the agreement. But experts say the final decision, expected next month, is anything but... Environment, US, climate, politics, energy, coal 720 Thursday, 27 Apr 2017 09:07 AM 2017-07-27 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Hot Topics Trump Administration Donald Trump ISIS/Islamic State Gun Rights Russia More Hot Topics Follow Newsmax Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Follow @Newsmax Add us on Google Plus Around The Web Powered by Newsmax You May Also Like The Hill: Dems Pushing for Lawsuit Against Trump Thursday, 27 Apr 2017 22:16 PM Senate Democrats are looking into a possible lawsuit against President Donald Trump - focusing on whether his business e . . . GOP Moves on Revised Healthcare Bill Threaten Funding Legislation Thursday, 27 Apr 2017 21:37 PM A last-minute push to pass Republican legislation to repeal and replace Obamacare on Thursday threatened to sidetrack a  . . . Poll: More Than Half Say Military Action Needed in NKorea Thursday, 27 Apr 2017 19:17 PM A slight majority of voters favor military action to stop North Korea's nuclear weapons program, according to a new surv . . . More Most Commented California Judge Blocks Trump Order on Sanctuary City Money Tuesday, 25 Apr 2017 | 1071 comments Have Congress draw up a bill tomorrow stipulating 'ALL Federal Funding'... March For Science: Global Rallies Underway to Protest Trump Cuts Saturday, 22 Apr 2017 | 900 comments In the last month, I had a cup of coffee on weekends, it rained each... ABC/Wapo Poll: 98 Percent of Trump Voters Happy With Their Choice Sunday, 23 Apr 2017 | 711 comments As long as this man will continue as president and administering our... Trump Proposing Tax Cuts for Companies Big and Small Wednesday, 26 Apr 2017 | 569 comments "The plan would also reduce investment and estate taxes aimed at the... Trump on Sanctuary City Ruling: 'See You in the Supreme Court!' Wednesday, 26 Apr 2017 | 518 comments I bought a bird feeder. I hung it on my back porch and filled it with... Home   Newsfront   America   Politics   Opinion   The Wire   Fast Features   Lists   Specials   Sci & Tech   Jokes   Subscribe Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc.   NEWSMAX.COM America's News Page ©  Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
News Local Africa World Education Business Sports Football Basketball Rugby Golf Motorsport Athletics Cross Country Others Life and style New Vision TV Pearl of Africa Opportunities Jobs Tenders Notices Opinion Special Edition University Guide Schools guide Supplement Epaper TOP Content Rights and Permission RSS Advertise Subscribe Feedback Archive About Us Book Advert Friday,April 28,2017 MENU Home News Local Africa World Education Business Sports Football Basketball Rugby Golf Motorsport Athletics Cross Country Others Life and style New Vision TV Pearl of Africa Opportunities Jobs Tenders Notices Opinion Special Edition University Guide Schools guide Supplement Epaper Home Environment US may stay in Paris climate accord, with caveats Religious leaders join campaign to save rhinos... Previous Story US may stay in Paris climate accord, with caveats By AFP Added 27th April 2017 08:40 AM Print A A A Fill in your Name and Email Address to receive a Free Newsletter The latest word on the administration's stance came from Energy Secretary Rick Perry. PIC: The United States agreed at the Paris talks to reduce its carbon dioxide emissions by 26-28 percent by 2025. (AFP) Signs are mounting that US President Donald Trump's administration may stay in the landmark Paris climate change accord of 2015, under pressure from big business and public support for the agreement. But experts say the final decision, expected next month, is anything but certain, and staying at the table could come with significant caveats, like a weakening of US commitments to curbing greenhouse gas emissions. "Given the unpredictability of decision-making by this administration, I am very reluctant to predict," said Elliot Diringer, executive vice president of the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions. "But there does seem to be a growing convergence around a strategy of staying in the Paris Agreement but lowering the US target." The latest word on the administration's stance came from Energy Secretary Rick Perry, who said Tuesday he would not advise Trump to abandon the deal but rather renegotiate it. That statement aligned Perry, the former governor of Texas, with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who formerly headed ExxonMobil and has spoken in favor of honoring the US commitment to the Paris deal, struck in 2015 and signed by more than 190 countries. Trump's daughter Ivanka, and son-in-law Jared Kushner -- who both serve as his advisors -- are also said to be in favor of the deal. On Wednesday, 13 major international businesses ranging from energy to pharmaceuticals to retail urged Trump to adhere to the Paris accord. "US business interests are best served by a stable and practical framework facilitating an effective and balanced global response," said the letter signed by BP,  Walmart, Google and others. "We believe the Paris Agreement provides such a framework." Speaking at a TED conference Wednesday, former vice president turned environmental activist Al Gore said there is a "better than a 50-50 chance" Trump will honor the Paris deal. "I certainly hope so, because that agreement sent a powerful message... and has already begun to accelerate the sustainability revolution." Amending targets? But some in Trump's inner circle, including advisor Steve Bannon, want Trump to keep his campaign promise to "cancel" the deal. Environmental Protection Agency administrator Scott Pruitt is also said to be pushing for a US exit, according to Andrew Light, senior fellow at the World Resources Institute, a global research organization. "He is worried that if the US stays in Paris, that would become the basis for some kind of legal objection to his work now, to do things like dismantle the Clean Power Plan and regulations (former president Barack) Obama put in place on transportation and electricity sectors," Light told AFP. "I don't think the US staying in Paris interferes at all with what Pruitt wants to do with regard to domestic regulations," he added. "But if the US stays in Paris there is a very high likelihood they will also announce they intend to change the US target." The United States agreed at the Paris talks to reduce its carbon dioxide emissions by 26-28 percent by 2025, compared to 2005 levels. Under the agreement, signatories undertake to limit global warming to "well below" 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit (two degrees Celsius) over pre-industrial levels, and to strive for 1.5 C. Countries submitted voluntary, non-binding carbon-cutting goals towards this goal. Light, a former US State Department climate official, said any US weakening of its target would violate the spirit of the accord. "But given that there is no strong compliance regime it is not really clear, to me at least, what other countries could do to try to keep the US from going through with some kind of revision," he said. The White House has said a decision will be announced before the G7 summit in Italy on May 26 and 27. "It is unclear, really, what they are going to do," said Frank Maisano, co-founder of the strategic communications practice at Bracewell, an international law firm based in Houston. "I think the sentiment is currently that they should stay in and for very good reasons, because we never had much success when we just pushed it to the side -- take our toys and go home," he told AFP. TAGS: Environment, World donald trump, US, Climate Change, Paris Deal Related articles So much for the populist wave Anger and hope: Voters reflect on Trump's 100 days Ivanka Trump forced to defend father at women's summit More From The Author French airport attacker 'had drunk and taken drugs' Germany says Erdogan has 'gone too far' with Nazi jibe 10 killed in latest Kenya drought clash Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Read Most Commented Nigeria's presidency plays down Buhari health concerns 28 Apr 2017 Sheikh Kamoga final freedom bid for May 26 28 Apr 2017 Kenya opposition unifies in bid to unseat president 28 Apr 2017 DRCongo, home to a tenth of the world's languages 28 Apr 2017 All eyes on Philippines' gum-chewing, cursing Duterte 28 Apr 2017 TODAY'S PAPER (Click to Buy and Read Online) (Click to Buy and Read Online) News Business Education Sports Life and style Magazines Jobs Opportunities Opinions Epaper Stream Special Editions LIVE UPDATE © 2017 - New Vision. All Rights Reserved.. Subscribe to Newvision Newsletter Kindly provide your details to receive the Newvision Newsletter Name * : Email Address * : Captcha*: Submit
Log In Advanced Articles Ads Businesses Events Videos Search  NEWCOMERS   RVL MAGAZINE   MEDICAL DIRECTORY   SUBSCRIBE   ADVERTISE   NEWS ALERTS   DINING GUIDE   JOBS  Home News Sports RVL Opinion Blogs Events/Photos Archive My Content Classifieds Biz Directory Local Obituaries State Crime Education Community Faith Politics/Government Nation World Business Online Features Youth High school College Professional Outdoors Features Announcements Lunch Menus Forms Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a letter Sean Ingram David Meadows News briefs Photos Community calendar Post your event My content My profiles My events My blogs My buddies Browse classifieds Submit a classified Restaurants Shopping Sports and recreation Hotels/Lodging Health Real estate Other April 28, 2017 National Drug Take Back event by FOR THE COURIER The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley 08:00 AM, Thursday, April 27 2017 | 395 views | 0  | 2   |  |  slideshow The Russellville Police Department will assist in the National Drug Take it Back Initiative from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Saturday at both Russellville Wal-Mart locations. Also, the Dardanelle Police Department will conduct a National Prescription Take Back from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. on Saturday at the Dardanelle Police Department. Statistics show that more than 2,500 young teens, between 12-17 years old, abuse prescription drugs each day, and it has become the leading cause of death over any other illegal drug. An outlandish 70 percent of people 12 and older claimed to receive the prescription drugs from friends and relatives. While prescription drugs are quickly becoming the most abused drug in the United States, Russellville is doing what they can to reduce the numbers. Last year the Russellville Police Department was able to collect over 185 pounds of prescription drugs during this event. This year they are hoping for even more. Residents are asked to participate by bringing any prescription drugs that are not in use, or are simply outdated. Don’t be the friend or family member that provides drugs to users. This initiative is being sponsored by the U.S. Drug Enforcement Administration, U.S. Attorney’s Office, State Board of Pharmacy, Pope County Sheriff’s Office, Russellville Police Department, Arkansas Community Correction, Wal-Mart, Pope County Drug Court and 5th Judicial Prosecutors Office. For more information, contact Russellville Public Information Officer Quinn Jones at 479-968-3232 or the Dardanelle Police Department at 479-229-2533. Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Share This Article | similar stories Womack conducts local Town Hall; answers wide-ranging questions | 15 days ago by Samuel Hoisington The Courier Your Messenger For The River Valley Copyright 2017 The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley. All rights reserved. Comments (0) Post a Comment No Comments Yet Contact Us | About Us | Newsstands | Subscriptions | Advertising | Support Software powered by Sole Solution. Content © 2017 Russellville Newspapers Inc. The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley in Russellville, AR. MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Associated Press is entitled exclusively to the use of or republication of all the local news printed in this newspaper as well as AP news dispatches.
Friday, April 28, 2017 Facebook Twitter RSS Navigate Home News Opinion Regions World Sports Business Special Features SPECIAL REPORTS The Sunday Times You are at:Home»News»World»US may stay in Paris climate agreement, with caveats US may stay in Paris climate agreement, with caveats 0 By AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE on April 27, 2017 World Tweet WASHINGTON, D.C.: Signs are mounting that US President Donald Trump’s administration may stay in the landmark Paris climate change accord of 2015, under pressure from big business and public support for the agreement. But experts say the final decision, expected next month, is anything but certain, and staying at the table could come with significant caveats, like a weakening of US commitments to curbing greenhouse gas emissions. “Given the unpredictability of decision-making by this administration, I am very reluctant to predict,” said Elliot Diringer, executive vice president of the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions. “But there does seem to be a growing convergence around a strategy of staying in the Paris Agreement but lowering the US target.” The latest word on the administration’s stance came from Energy Secretary Rick Perry, who said Tuesday he would not advise Trump to abandon the deal but rather renegotiate it. That statement aligned Perry, the former governor of Texas, with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, who formerly headed ExxonMobil and has spoken in favor of honoring the US commitment to the Paris deal, struck in 2015 and signed by more than 190 countries. Trump’s daughter Ivanka, and son-in-law Jared Kushner – who both serve as his advisors – are also said to be in favor of the deal. On Wednesday, 13 major international businesses ranging from energy to pharmaceuticals to retail urged Trump to adhere to the Paris accord. “US business interests are best served by a stable and practical framework facilitating an effective and balanced global response,” said the letter signed by BP, Walmart, Google and others. “We believe the Paris Agreement provides such a framework.” Speaking at a TED conference Wednesday, former vice president turned environmental activist Al Gore said there is a “better than a 50-50 chance” Trump will honor the Paris deal. “I certainly hope so, because that agreement sent a powerful message… and has already begun to accelerate the sustainability revolution.” Amending targets? But some in Trump’s inner circle, including advisor Steve Bannon, want Trump to keep his campaign promise to “cancel” the deal. Environmental Protection Agency administrator Scott Pruitt is also said to be pushing for a US exit, according to Andrew Light, senior fellow at the World Resources Institute, a global research organization. “He is worried that if the US stays in Paris, that would become the basis for some kind of legal objection to his work now, to do things like dismantle the Clean Power Plan and regulations (former president Barack) Obama put in place on transportation and electricity sectors,” Light told AFP. “I don’t think the US staying in Paris interferes at all with what Pruitt wants to do with regard to domestic regulations,” he added. “But if the US stays in Paris there is a very high likelihood they will also announce they intend to change the US target.” The United States agreed at the Paris talks to reduce its carbon dioxide emissions by 26-28 percent by 2025, compared to 2005 levels. Under the agreement, signatories undertake to limit global warming to “well below” 3.6 degrees Fahrenheit (two degrees Celsius) over pre-industrial levels, and to strive for 1.5 C. Countries submitted voluntary, non-binding carbon-cutting goals towards this goal. Light, a former US State Department climate official, said any US weakening of its target would violate the spirit of the accord. “But given that there is no strong compliance regime it is not really clear, to me at least, what other countries could do to try to keep the US from going through with some kind of revision,” he said. The White House has said a decision will be announced before the G7 summit in Italy on May 26 and 27. “It is unclear, really, what they are going to do,” said Frank Maisano, co-founder of the strategic communications practice at Bracewell, an international law firm based in Houston. “I think the sentiment is currently that they should stay in and for very good reasons, because we never had much success when we just pushed it to the side – take our toys and go home,” he told AFP. AFP Share. Twitter Facebook Google+ Pinterest LinkedIn Tumblr Email loading... Loading... Leave A Reply Cancel Reply you MUST enable javascript to be able to comment Contact Info Address: 2/F Sitio Grande Building 409 A. Soriano Avenue, Intramuros Manila 1002 Philippines Tel. : +63 (02) 524 5664 up to 67 Fax: +63 (02) 528-1729 Email: newsdesk@manilatimes.net opinion@manilatimes.net Copyright © 2010-2017 The Manila Times - All Rights Reserved. Archives Advertise Contact Us About Us
Great Bend Post Great Bend News, Opinion, Video Local News Sports Events Entertainment Other Trading Post Obituaries Great Bend Eats Ernie’s Bar & Grill Granny’s Kitchen Kiowa Kitchen Lone Wolf Restaurant Playa Azul The Rack Billiard Cafe Employment Wall Contact UPDATE: Carbon monoxide killed 2 including SW Kan. man in SUV outside Wal-Mart April 27, 2017 by Post Leave a Comment 2 dead from carbon monoxide poisoning- photo courtesy KCTV KANSAS CITY, Kan. (AP) — Authorities say carbon monoxide poisoning killed two people who were found dead in a sport utility vehicle in a Wal-Mart parking lot in Kansas City, Kansas. The victims identified by police Wednesday as Trevor B. Roth, 30, Dodge City and Carolyn Williams-Cottier, 26, Kansas City, were found dead in the vehicle. Police Chief Terry Zeigler announced the cause of death Tuesday on Twitter. The names of the two people who died weren’t immediately released. They were found Sunday morning in the parking lot across the streets from the Legends Outlets shopping center near the Kansas Speedway. The 2 individuals we found in the parking lot of Walmart died from carbon monoxide poisoning. https://t.co/oXYtpJr5Qu — Terry Zeigler (@KCKPDChief) April 25, 2017 Zeigler said in a later tweet that he wasn’t sure what caused the carbon monoxide levels to reach lethal levels. He said “an exhaust issue” was a possibility. Share this: Google Twitter Email Facebook Filed Under: News Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Copyright © 2017 · Great Bend Post - Great Bend, KS · Powered by Eagle Communications | EEO Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
The Forum Community Connection Tiger Talk Dreaming Big with Dr. Jamie Schwandt You And Your Young Child Green And Growing Extras From The Extension House 2 Home High School Sports Interviews FFA Interviews Connecting With SouthWind Hays Post Hays (KS) News, Opinion, Sports, Video Hays News Hays Police Department Arrest Log Hays Eats™ HaysHasJobs Cancellations and Delays State/Nation Stockton News Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries More ADVERTISE with Eagle Web Services Contact Us Notices Circulars Calendar Local Church Services DISQUS Terms of Service Eagle Radio Contest Rules ADVERTISE with Eagle Radio & Hull Broadcasting of Hays Terms Of Service Submit Your Post UPDATE: Carbon monoxide killed 2 including SW Kan. man in SUV outside Wal-Mart April 27, 2017 by Hays Post Leave a Comment 2 dead from carbon monoxide poisoning- photo courtesy KCTV KANSAS CITY, Kan. (AP) — Authorities say carbon monoxide poisoning killed two people who were found dead in a sport utility vehicle in a Wal-Mart parking lot in Kansas City, Kansas. The victims identified by police Wednesday as Trevor B. Roth, 30, Dodge City and Carolyn Williams-Cottier, 26, Kansas City, were found dead in the vehicle. Police say an autopsy determined that their deaths were accidental. But an investigation is ongoing. Anyone with information is urged to call police or a tips hotline. ———– Police Chief Terry Zeigler announced the cause of death Tuesday on Twitter. The names of the two people who died weren’t immediately released. They were found Sunday morning in the parking lot across the streets from the Legends Outlets shopping center near the Kansas Speedway. The 2 individuals we found in the parking lot of Walmart died from carbon monoxide poisoning. https://t.co/oXYtpJr5Qu — Terry Zeigler (@KCKPDChief) April 25, 2017 Zeigler said in a later tweet that he wasn’t sure what caused the carbon monoxide levels to reach lethal levels. He said “an exhaust issue” was a possibility. Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Related Filed Under: News Copyright © 2017 · Hays Post - Hays, KS · Powered by Eagle Communications | EEO Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN Trending Videos CBSN Live » Eye Opener 7am Eye Opener: Trump proposes massive tax cuts 60 Minutes - Business Bloomberg Newsmakers The Judge 60 Minutes Sports America's Steeplechase CBS Evening News New NAFTA? CBS Evening News Miners on Trump CBS Evening News Flynn and Russia CBS Evening News Deadly ISIS firefight CBS Evening News GOP health care bill CBS Evening News United, passenger settle CBS Evening News Bigger crash dummies CBS Evening News Kid's hit science podcast CBS This Morning Trump: Sticking with NAFTA for now CBS This Morning Will automation nix the cashier? CBS This Morning Dave Grohl & his mom on new book CBS Evening News Trump's tax plan CBS Evening News Congress on tax plans CBS Evening News North Korea briefing CBS Evening News Young GOPers on Trump CBS Evening News Marines and machines U.S. NFL draft first round's winners, losers, surprises U.S. CBSN: About the streaming network U.S. Arkansas carries out 4th execution in 8 days U.S. United passenger agrees to settlement over dragging incident U.S. Dangerous brown recluse spiders found in unexpected place U.S. Parents build mini Blockbuster for son with autism U.S. Admiral says N. Korea crisis at worst point he's seen U.S. Police officer caught on camera allegedly using excessive force U.S. His stepdad said he'd never graduate, but now... U.S. Southwest Airlines to stop overbooking flights, CEO says U.S. Beloved 600-year-old tree that witnessed history taken down U.S. Ann Coulter makes announcement about speech at Berkeley By Tucker Reals CBS News April 27, 2017, 7:30 AM North Korea strategy, Steve Mnuchin, and the ISIS fight Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email North Korea strategy The full Senate was briefed yesterday on the threat posed by North Korea, and the Trump administration emphasized that the president's approach prioritizes diplomacy and economic pressure over military options. But one Democratic Senator said after the "sobering briefing" that it was clear how much thought and planning is going into preparing military options, should diplomacy fail. Money man President Trump says his tax plan is going to put people back to work, but a lot of important details were missing from the one-page blueprint presented by the administration yesterday. Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin answers questions on "CBS This Morning" about the plan he says will be all about economic growth and American jobs. Faith in the fight Positive views on America's fight against ISIS are now at their highest levels since CBS News began measuring them with a poll in 2014. The figures are propelled by Republicans whose views have undergone a sharp upturn with President Trump in office. Independents are also more positive now than they were under President Obama. No winners? One of the most arresting aspects of the start of the Trump era, Will Rahn writes, is that nearly everyone, regardless of political persuasion, seems convinced their side is losing. Rahn explains why virtually everyone in the political mainstream seems to have a sense that they've somehow already lost -- that some past battle has already decided the war's outcome in our opponents' favor. Walmart money wire Walmart may not be synonymous with financial services, but the retail giant is increasingly elbowing its way into the hyper-competitive industry. We look at how Walmart is slugging it out with heavyweights like MoneyGram and Western Union in the rapidly expanding money-transfer business. Robot jobs Economists are concerned that the automation of cashiers and use of robots in retail stores could accelerate job loss in the single biggest job category in America. Cashiers, however, are less worried. We find out why. More top news: U.S. Standoff after state trooper fatally shot After announcing MS-13 crackdown, Sessions to visit NY Murder probe over prison assault on young guard World Red Bull heir could face arrest for dodging hit-and-run charge Missing trekker found after 47 days, but girlfriend died China launches its first domestically-built aircraft carrier Politics Breathing room for negotiators trying to avoid gov't shutdown? U.S. will not withdraw from NAFTA "at this time," White House says San Francisco celebrates "sanctuary city" victory Republican college students weigh in on Trump's first 100 days Business How to become a millionaire on an average salary 14 kinds of insurance that can waste your money Health "Stealthing" during sex raises legal, ethical concerns NY, NJ a hotspot for new superbug fungus Science and tech Uber wants to "fast forward" to flying cars Humans in California 130,000 years ago? Entertainment Sony distances itself from Dr. Luke © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Tucker Reals Tucker Reals is the CBSNews.com foreign editor, based at the CBS News London bureau. Featured in U.S. "60 Minutes" investigates first ISIS-claimed attack in U.S. and what the FBI knew A terrorist attack in Texas by two U.S. citizens shows how hard it is to prevent such an attack -- even when one of the terrorists is well-known to the FBI David Temple case: Will charges be dropped or will Texas man face a new trial for his wife’s murder? A popular football coach convicted of murdering his wife gets a chance at freedom -- can evidence withheld from his trial prove him innocent? Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes Return to Newtown Preview: Starr Students America's Steeplechase Recognizing a possible shooter Bloomberg Play Video Bloomberg Play Video The Judge Play Video America's Steeplechase Play Video New NAFTA? Play Video Miners on Trump Play Video Flynn and Russia Play Video Deadly ISIS firefight Play Video GOP health care bill Play Video United, passenger settle Previous Next 45 Photos Marching for science against Trump, GOP policies 56 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 23 Photos Harambe 23 Photos Kim Jong Un's North Korean military spectacle 64 Photos Scenes from Coachella 2017 Previous Next Most Discussed Trump calls 100-day assessment "ridiculous" USS Carl Vinson nears Korean Peninsula 100 days: Sharp partisan divides mark Trump presidency Federal judge temporarily halts Trump's "sanctuary city" order Trump's promises for first 100 days in office: Is he keeping them? New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Market Dow beats 21k but Donald ‘Trumps’ US stocks with tax cut plan Dow beats 21k but Donald ‘Trumps’ US stocks with tax cut plan The benchmark US stock index Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) topped the 21,000-level again yesterday riding on the back of strong corporate earnings, anticipated tax reforms by President Donald Trump. By: FE Online | Updated: April 27, 2017 5:23 PM The index, which first breached the 21,000 level on 1 March earlier this year, rose 0.35% intraday at the day’s high of 21,070.9. The benchmark US stock index Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) topped the 21,000-level again yesterday riding on the back of strong corporate earnings, anticipated tax reforms by President Donald Trump, encouraging trends from the French presidential elections, and a bull run in the Asian equities markets. The index, which first breached the 21,000 level on 1 March earlier this year, rose 0.35% intraday at the day’s high of 21,070.9, though remained short of touching the previous high of 21,169.11 points. However, It finally ended lower at 20,975.09 points, after the actual tax reform plan was unveiled, which offered no clarity on the funding the gap left by the proposed drastic tax reductions on companies and individuals. Shares buoyant The broader NASDAQ Composite index hit a fresh all-time high at 6,040.89 points before closing almost flat at 6,025.23 points. The yearly returns for the US indices, DJIA and NASDAQ yesterday stood at 16.59% and 23.26% respectively. You may like to watch: The major contributors to the DJIA were American multinational conglomerate United Technologies Corp (up 1.37% at $118.47); telecom giant Verizon Communication Inc (up 1.3% at $47.31); home improvement supplier The Home Depot Inc (up 0.88% at $154.37); insurer and second largest writer of US commercial property The Travellers Companies Inc (up 0.79% at $122.28); world’s largest pharmaceutical company Merck & Co Inc (up 0.7% at $62.74); and retailing giant and world’s biggest operator of hypermarkets and grocery stores Walmart Stores Inc (up 0.68% at $75.56). Global markets All major equities across the world market were trading higher on Wednesday, while the benchmark index Sensex of the oldest Asian stock exchange, Bombay Stock Exchange (BSE) made a record high breaching 30,100 points mark for the first time ever, closing at 30,133.35. On the other hand, the European markets also fared well yesterday. The benchmark index FTSE 100 of the Financial Times Stock Exchange (FTSE) of the Britain closed higher, up 0.18% at 7288.72 points; the German index DAX also rose, closing marginally higher at 12,472.8 points; while the French benchmark index CAC 40 closed up 0.19% at 5287.87 points. The French index appreciated sharply earlier on Monday on the cues of the centrist candidate and market favorite Emmanuel Macron winning the first round of the French presidential election. You may also like: Overall, first-quarter earnings for STOXX 600 companies were expected to rise 5.5 percent, Reuters said in a news report. In comparison, S&P 500 companies in the US are expected to show 11.4 percent earnings growth for the quarter. The euro was down 0.46 percent to $1.0875 after strengthening by more than 2 percent in the prior two sessions in the wake of the first round of French elections. Trump tax reform The US President Donald Trump proposed slashing tax rates for businesses and on overseas corporate profits returned to the country in a long-awaited plan greeted as an opening manoeuvre by his fellow Republicans in Congress. The plan would cut the income tax rate paid by public corporations to 15 percent from 35 and reduce the top tax rate assessed on pass-through businesses, including small partnerships and sole proprietorships, to 15 percent from 39.6, Reuters said in a report. You may like to watch: Post the announcement of the tax reforms, the Dow Jones Industrial Average fell 21.03 points, or 0.1 percent, to end at 20,975.09, the S&P 500 lost 1.16 points, or 0.05 percent, to 2,387.45 and the Nasdaq Composite dropped 0.27 point to 6,025.23. The Mexican peso weakened 1.85 percent versus the US dollar at 19.20 pesos while the Canadian dollar weakened 0.31 percent versus the greenback at 1.36 per US dollar. The main Mexican and Canadian share indexes both fell more than half a percent. No Comments. Trending Now US President Donald Trump orders investigation into aluminum imports US should review its options for dealing with Pakistan: Experts Congress calls for strategy to take on BJP in Arunachal Pradesh Sushma Swaraj calls on Cyprus President Nicos Anastasiades Facebook launches Messenger Lite in 132 more countries Apple experimenting with wireless charging via Wi-Fi router ASEAN to express grave concern over North Korea's nuclear tests E-taxi trial run to begin in Nagpur from May Top-level management rejig at Coca-Cola India Candidates in driver's seat even before they apply: Survey Taiwan's President Tsai Ing-wen understands Donald Trump's priorities; no plans for call Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News यूपी: गांवों में शाम 7 बजे से सुबह 5 बजे तक मिलेगी बिजली, DM, SSP जनता से मिलकर दूर करेंगे परेशानियां- श्रीकांत वर्मा शीला दीक्षित की सलाह- सोनिया गांधी दफ्तर में दो-तीन घंटे बिताती थीं, राहुल भी ऐसा करें माओवादियों का ऑडियो - आदिवासी महिलाओं की इज्‍जत लूटने का बदला था सुकमा हमला Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
null
News Asset Allocation Regulation Risk Manager Selection Newsmakers Surveys Lists Events Multimedia Videos Webcasts Thought Leadership Login Sign Up Alert Signup About Us Contact Us Magazine News Asset Allocation Regulation Risk Manager Selection Newsmakers Surveys Lists Events Multimedia Videos Webcasts Thought Leadership Home > News > Asset Allocation > Positive Impact of Social Investing Cited in Study of European Pension Funds April 26, 2017 04:03 PM Positive Impact of Social Investing Cited in Study of European Pension Funds Funds play a positive role in pre- and post-retirement, ITF says. A new report written by the investment coordinator at the International Transport Workers’ Federation (ITF) found that European pension funds – built to provide a decent retirement for working people – are acting to protect those workers’ rights ahead of retirement in the form of responsible investment policies by pension funds. But they can be doing more. In the paper, Who’s Responsible? Pension Funds and Respect for Workers’ Rights,” written by Tom Powdrill, responsible investment coordinator at the ITF, he noted that pension fund investing has a current and future role in protecting pensioners’ financial security by investing in companies that are currently engaging in ethical business practices. For example, if a pension fund is investing in companies that violate workers and consumers’ rights or endangering the environment, it means retirees cannot enjoy their retirements to the fullest extent. The paper examined 100 of the largest pension funds in Europe that supported workers’ rights and looked at their responsible investing policies. The paper found that most pension fund policies in many countries, such as the Netherlands, Sweden, and Denmark, refer to international standards that include labor rights, such as ILO (International Labour Organization), core conventions and the UN Global Compact. These funds represent EUR 2.68 trillion (or $2.93 trillion) in assets, or 63% of the total studied. However, almost one-third of funds, representing nearly EUR 900 billion ($985 billion), make no reference to international standards. The paper said “the UK is the clear outsider,” accounting for two-thirds of the funds in this group by number, and four-fifths by assets (EUR 684 billion or $747 billion) that do not refer to workers’ rights. “This is particularly worrying given that the UK has the largest pool of retirement assets in Europe, and the second largest in the OECD,” the paper said. “Another key finding was the power and prevalence of the ‘capital strike’: where funds respond to concerns about companies’ treatment of workers. We identified funds in this sample alone, representing the huge sum of EUR 2 trillion ($2.19 trillion) who refuse to invest in Wal-Mart, while six funds, representing EUR 287 billion ($314 billion), won’t touch Rynanair,” Powdrill said in the paper. Of the funds studies, Powdrill said 42 funds had policies to exclude stocks if they “failed to comply with the fund’s policy or are unresponsive to engagement.” Almost one-quarter (24) of the funds were found to have excluded either Wal-Mart or Ryanair because of labor-related concerns. Of these, 17 excluded just Wal-Mart, one excluded just Ryanair, and six excluded both. ITF president Paddy Crumlin said in a press release announcing the report,   “pension money is not gifted. It’s the hard-earned product of hard work and industrial negotiation, and is a deferment of wages that workers decide to make to secure a dignified and decent retirement. It has to be put to work itself in a way that respects that source. “It is only right that it helps build sustainable individual and collective futures, and that it does so ethically. It is morally inconceivable that it should be invested in companies that attack the rights of the very workers paying towards these pensions. This new research has identified much good practice, but it has also revealed a gap that the pension fund industry must move to close.” The paper says this is the key form of social responsibility and it is an implicit recognition that pension funds play a part in assisting workers both before and after retirement.   Tags: ESG, European pension, International Transport Worker's Federation, ITF, social investing By Chuck Epstein « Wisconsin Pension Fund Managers Receive $14 Million in Bonuses Most Popular Wisconsin Pension Fund Managers Receive $14 Million in Bonuses Subscribe Registration Verizon Borrows $3.4 Billion to Make Discretionary Pension Contribution Groups Partner to Examine Bitcoin’s Blockchain Application in Securitization Markets FOLLOW CIO CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER All News Surveys All Lists Events Multimedia Thought Leadership Alert Archive ABOUT CIO About Us Contact Us Global Editorial Calendar Global Media Kit Privacy Policy ADVERTISE WITH CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER GO TO STRATEGIC INSIGHT LATEST ISSUE February 2017 GET ACCESS TO CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER EVERYWHERE CHIEF INVESTMENT OFFICER IS OPTIMIZED FOR SUBSCRIBE TO THE PRINT EDITION looking for Subscriber Services? SUBSCRIBE TO THE DIGITAL EDITION Learn More about the digital edition BrightScope CIO FWW Global Custodian Investor Economics LiquidMetrix Market Metrics Matrix Solutions PLANADVISER Plan For Life PLANSPONSOR Simfund The Trade Copyright ©2017 Strategic Insight Inc. All Rights Reserved. No Reproduction Without Prior Authorizations.
Switch to the mobile version of this page. Submit an Event • Edit Settings   / Log Out Log in / Create Account • Sign Up for Flyer Email • Archives Memphis Flyer on Twitter Memphis Flyer on Facebook Memphis Flyer on Instagram Memphis Flyer on Pinterest Memphis Flyer on Google+ Memphis Flyer on You Tube Memphis Flyer News Politics Opinion We Recommend Music Film & TV Arts Theater Food & Drink Books Sports Real Estate Classifieds Shop Browse News The Fly-By Cover Story News The Flyer News Blog Flyer Flashback Memphis Gaydar Browse Music Music Features Record Reviews Music Blog DoMemphis App Music Listings Browse Film & TV Film Features Film/TV/Etc. Blog Browse Arts Art Features Exhibit M Art Listings Browse Food & Drink Hungry Memphis Food & Drink Features Restaurant Listings Food & Wine Events Browse Politics Politics Features Jackson Baker's Politics Blog Browse Opinion This Week's Editorial The Rant This Week's Viewpoint Letters to the Editor Letter from the Editor The Bruce V Blog Fly on the Wall Blog Browse Classifieds Classifieds Home Page Automotive Buy Sell Trade Rentals Jobs Services Place an Ad Browse Real Estate Browse For Rent Browse For Sale Browse We Recommend Event Search Style Sessions Music Blog DoMemphis App Music Listings Bars & Clubs Full Event Listings Browse Theater Theater Features Intermission Impossible Theater Listings Browse Sports Sports Features Beyond the Arc Tiger Blue From My Seat Memphis Preps Browse Books Book Features Blurb Book Listings April 27, 2017 Opinion » The Rant Stop Saying That!  Phrases and words that need to be retired permanently. by Randy Haspel Tools Twitter Facebook Email Print Add to favorites Saving… Add to Custom List Loading… Comments Since spring is the time for renewal and new beginnings, the occasion is ripe for the annual list of words and phrases that I just can't stand hearing anymore. And I stand behind that statement 110 percent. Any such list would be derelict without including the annoying phrase of the year: "alternative facts." Popularized by the vapid Kellyanne Conway, the term can easily be translated as "bullshit." So. When asked a question, it seems everyone from pundits to pandits begins their answer with the word "so," as in: "Explain why are you in jail?" "So, I was running naked through Wal-Mart and got tackled by a security guard." This should be acceptable only at the beginning of a joke, i.e., "So, this giraffe walks into a bar and says, 'The highballs are on me.'" There's no there there. Nothing to see here folks. Just keep moving. Air quotes. If I see one more goober claw the sky with two fingers on each hand, there's a chance that I may get violent. Or at least violently sick. Please use your words instead, like "so-called" president or the "alleged" attorney general. click to enlarge Reuters︱Mike Theiler Kellyanne Conway Nothing burger. I'll gladly pay you Tuesday for a hamburger today. No beef, no bun, no condiments, no garnishment. No prob./No worries. This is a phrase popularized by restaurant wait-staff when you ask for something like unsweetened tea. It shouldn't be a problem if it's their job. Breaking News. The original sin of all local newscasts. Now, everything is "Breaking News," even if it's already broken. A wreck on the interstate is not really "breaking news," unless it was an oil tanker and the highway's on fire. And while we're at it, a "severe thunderstorm watch" is no reason to preempt Jeopardy! 6:00 a.m. in the morning. An agonizing redundancy. Everyone knows a.m. means morning. Use one or the other, or risk using needless words with ample abundance. No-brainer. This one's really a no-brainer. Use "foregone conclusion" instead. It makes you sound smarter. Cray. I get it. I just wish my wife would stop using this expression in reference to me. Alt-right. Let's just call them what they are: Nazis. America First. Speaking of Nazis, this expression was popularized during WWII and became the name of the national, anti-Semitic, isolationist organization whose purpose was to appease Hitler. Dog whistles or ignorance? Game-changer. To have one's course altered, as in: That bout with syphilis was a real game-changer for Al Capone. Non-usage of the consonant "T." When did this catch on? Examples: "No you di'nt, Bill Clin'on," or, "I have something impor'nt to tell you." Used by all races and levels of education, this trend is irrita'ng for errbody. Baby bump. Such an unbelievable trivialization of the term "preggers." Make America Great Again. Ronald Reagan used this slogan in the '80s and it still makes me gag. Let's go ahead and include, Bigly, many people say, the liberal media, this I can tell you, classy, and radical Islamic terrorism. The mother of all... and blank "gate." We just dropped the mother of all bombs in Afghanistan to retaliate for the mother of all wars in Iraq. At home, Chris Christie gave us "Bridgegate," and we're about to enter a phase called "Kremlin-gate." We're not even going to mention "Pee-gate." Drop. As in: Beyonce's new single will drop this week. Now, even Rachel Maddow is saying, "New legislation drops tomorrow." And while we're at it, let's include the mic drop. Obama out. Walk it back and misspoke. These terms will become increasingly commonplace during the tenure of Press Secretary Sean Spicer. They are Washington colloquialisms for "lying." LOL. Enough already. Stop laughing at your own jokes. And finally: Bill O'Reilly. So long, sucker. Now, let's take this thing to the next level. Randy Haspel writes the "Recycled Hippies" blog. Tweet Email Share Related Stories Trumpscare Mar 30, 2017 Never Again! Mar 2, 2017 Trump’s Week That Was ... Awful Feb 2, 2017 Elvis at 82 Jan 5, 2017 More The Rant » Speaking of... Blind Trust Nov 24, 2016 More » Tags: The Rant, Phrases that are played out, cray, bigly, baby bump, alt-right, game-changer, walk it back, drop Comments Subscribe to this thread: By Email Subscribing… With RSS Comment Add a comment Subscribe to this thread ADVERTISEMENT ADVERTISEMENT Most Read Most Recent Most Commented Stop Saying That! (The Rant) Phrases and words that need to be retired permanently. by Randy Haspel Apr. 27, 2017, 4:00 AM What So Proudly ... (The Rant) Sometimes you get the National Anthem you deserve. by Susan Wilson Apr. 12, 2017, 4:00 AM 2 Trumpscare (The Rant) The battle over health care has left lots of wounded behind. by Randy Haspel Mar. 30, 2017, 1:00 AM Stop Saying That! (The Rant) Phrases and words that need to be retired permanently. by Randy Haspel Apr. 27, 2017, 4:00 AM Promenade Stand (The Rant) Another battle over development on the riverfront looms. by Jen Clarke Apr. 20, 2017, 4:00 AM 2 Black Women’s Work (The Rant) Racism and sexism in the news make it clear change needs to come. by Troy L. Wiggins Apr. 13, 2017, 4:00 AM What So Proudly ... (The Rant) Sometimes you get the National Anthem you deserve. by Susan Wilson Apr. 12, 2017, 4:00 AM 2 Promenade Stand (The Rant) Another battle over development on the riverfront looms. by Jen Clarke Apr. 20, 2017, 4:00 AM 2 Trumpscare (The Rant) The battle over health care has left lots of wounded behind. by Randy Haspel Mar. 30, 2017, 1:00 AM Blogs Politics Beat Blog Field Is Set for June 15 General Election in House District 95 04/28/2017 News Blog Contemporary Media Inc. Hires Michael Donahue Bruce VanWyngarden 04/27/2017 Fly On The Wall Blog You Look Like Money: Craig Brewer Teams up with the Memphis Comedy Community Chris Davis 04/27/2017 News Blog Circuit on Street Safety Kicks Off Maya Smith 04/27/2017 Fly On The Wall Blog Memphis is Ugly. Cleveland Still Uglier, According to BS List Chris Davis 04/27/2017 Fly On The Wall Blog Reading the CA: This Column by I. Dunno Chris Davis 04/27/2017 News Blog Revisions of Overton Gateway Plan Revealed Maya Smith 04/27/2017 News Blog State Outsourcing Contract Signed Early, Seen As 'Betrayal of Public Trust' Micaela Watts 04/27/2017 Fly On The Wall Blog When Local News Isn't Local: A "Guns & Bunnies" Slideshow Chris Davis 04/27/2017 Politics Beat Blog Vouchers Bill Dead for 2017 Legislative Session Jackson Baker 04/26/2017 ADVERTISEMENT More by Randy Haspel Trumpscare The battle over health care has left lots of wounded behind. by Randy Haspel Mar 30, 2017 Never Again! Violence against Jews and Jewish organizations must be answered. by Randy Haspel Mar 2, 2017 Trump’s Week That Was ... Awful by Randy Haspel Feb 2, 2017 More » Readers also liked… Dock of the Bay A look at how Stax changed the music world — and how you can help celebrate it. by Tim Sampson Jan 14, 2016 My Choice for Memphis Mayor Sorry, AC, Jim, Harold, and Mike. by Jen Clarke Sep 24, 2015 Halloween Costumes That Don’t Bluff Memphis-themed Halloween outfits that are sure to win a prize. by Jen Clarke Oct 22, 2015 ADVERTISEMENT THIS WEEK'S ISSUE Cover Story: Guns & Bunnies: What's Really on the News in Memphis? By Chris Davis, Susan Ellis, Toby Sells, and Maya Smith download this issue Read This Week's Digital Edition Archives Contact Us About Us Ad Info & Rates SPECIAL ISSUES 20 < 30 click here to see more » Flyer Box Art Contest click here to see more » Best of Memphis 2016 click here to see more » The Sex Issue 2017 click here to see more » Home | News | Politics | Opinion | We Recommend | Music | Film | Art | Theater | Food | Books | Sports | Classifieds | Privacy Policy and Terms of Use | Info | Local Advertising | Submit an Event | Contact Us | National Advertising © 1996-2017 Contemporary Media 460 Tennessee Street, 2nd Floor | Memphis, TN 38103 Visit our other sites: Memphis Magazine | Memphis Parent | Inside Memphis Business Powered by Foundation
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Current and Projected Online To Offline Commerce Market size in terms of volume and value 2016-2026 Online to offline commerce is a business model that draws potential customers from online channels to physical store. Over the years, this idea has evolved with the evolution of e-commerce industry. Currently, e-commerce companies are highly investing in acquiring clients as a part of Omni channel strategy, in order to enhance customer experience. Few of the e-commerce companies having both online presence and offline presence are leveraging two different channel as a complementary to each other. The idea behind online to offline e-commerce model is to create awareness of product and services, allow potential customers to search different offering online and then purchase the product in brick and mortar stores. The online to offline e-commerce have attained new heights in the recent past with e-commerce companies making their presence in hyper-local service category, online booking of movie and passenger tickets, and booking restaurants. Recently, market has witnessed e-commerce players slowly and gradually launching their own brick and mortar stores and vice versa. In-fact, e-commerce companies which were merely a marketplace (platforms) are now establishing their delivery centers to enhance customer experience. Online to offline Commerce Market: Drivers and Challenges A consumer in online to offline model searches for the product online; however, purchases it through an offline channel. A local store which hesitated to sell their products online due to the discounting nature of online marketplaces, finds this model lucrative. Additionally, few products such as jewelry and electronics products are explored by customers online; however, due to the dynamics of certain products and its associated price are purchased offline. “Touch and Feel” factor is driving the online to offline commerce market. Request Report Sample@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/reports/sample/rep-gb-1475 Irrespective of these facts, the road ahead is not as smooth as it seems for e-commerce players, as the e-commerce industry is facing challenges on multiple fronts. E-commerce is relatively new industry as compared to brick and mortar stores owing to which the majority of online retailers lack digital marketing skills and do not have a proper governance structure to operate. This has led to certain significant challenges in the e-commerce industry especially, in the emerging economies, where consumers explores products on a particular online platform and eventually purchase it from a different well-established brick and mortar store. Online to Offline Commerce Market: Segmentation Segmentation of Online to Offline Commerce market on the basis of sectors: E-Tail: E-Tail industry includes selling of goods such as mobile phones and apparels through online channels. It can be business to business or business to consumer business. E-tailers are not restricted solely to the internet based models, they have established brick & mortar stores in order to reach to customers in a more effective way. Visit for TOC@ www.futuremarketinsights.com/toc/rep-gb-1475 Travel & Tourism: Online travel & tourism industry includes online booking of bus, train, flight, and hotels. In this model of e-commerce, a consumer explores all the possible option of travel & accommodation, and eventually book the entire itinerary with the most convenient and affordable options available. Restaurant & Hyper-Local Service: Online restaurant business allows a consumer to order food online, book a table at restaurants or hotel, and avail this services through cash less payment. Hyper-local services are nothing but fulfillment of domestic needs of consumers on timely basis. Few of them includes: grocery delivery, laundry, and plumbing.. Online to Offline Commerce Market: Key Deals In December 2015, Alibaba group acquired South China Morning Post (SCMP) and other media assets of SCMP Group Ltd. This acquisition would combine Alibaba’s digital strength with SCMP’s editorial excellence. This deal is paving the way for 112 year old newspaper to transform into global media entity. In October 2015, Flipkart.com partnered with Spice Retail Limited (Spice Hotspot Stores), wherein Flicart’s exclusive portfolio of phones are showcased in the retail outlets. In October 2015, Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. launched Walmart Exchange which helps its suppliers to understand which of their advertisements displayed across several websites would lead to sales conversion in Walmart’s physical stores. In September 2015, Flipkart.com raised US$ 700 million in order to strengthen its supply chain & logistics, and to establish its own data centers. Regional Overview In the North America region, entire e-commerce ecosystem is well established. E-Commerce has led the way and established a surrounding ecosystem that is encouraging to include online to offline commerce. With the presence of leading e-commerce players in the U.S., North America represents potential opportunity in online-to- offline e-commerce market. Asia-Pacific region holds the largest market opportunity for online to offline e-commerce business models during the forecast period. Increasing penetration of smartphone and growing internet infrastructure in the countries such as China and India are paving the way for the growth of online to offline commerce market. Significant private venture capital investments to the start-ups in this regions has led to increased expenditure on marketing and promotional activities with an aim of acquiring customers, which would facilitate customers’ loyalty and in turn customer retention. Alibaba Group Holding Limited, Amazon.com, Inc., Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., Flipkart.com, and IKEA are some the key players of the global online to offline e-commerce market. ABOUT US: Future Market Insights (FMI) is a leading market intelligence and consulting firm. We deliver syndicated research reports, custom research reports and consulting services, which are personalized in nature. FMI delivers a complete packaged solution, which combines current market intelligence, statistical anecdotes, technology inputs, valuable growth insights, an aerial view of the competitive framework, and future market trends. CONTACT: 616 Corporate Way, Suite 2-9018, Valley Cottage, NY 10989, United States T: +1-347-918-3531 F: +1-845-579-5705 Email: sales@futuremarketinsights.com Press: press@futuremarketinsights.com Website: www.futuremarketinsights.com This release was published on openPR. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Media Consulting, Marketing Research Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global 3D & 4D Technology Market Size and Industey Forecast Report: 2017-2022 Next PostNext Enterprise Intellectual Property (IP) Management Software Market Analysis, Segments, Growth and Value Chain 2016-2026 Search Recent Posts New WSO2 e-Book Examines Best Practices for Navigating the Digital Transformation Landscape OurPet’s Company Reports Record 2017 First Quarter Results Hanmi Financial Declares Cash Dividend of $0.19 per Share TPC Group Announces First Quarter 2017 Earnings Call Sunrun Announces Date and Conference Call Details for First Quarter 2017 Earnings Report Proudly powered by WordPress
coventrytelegraphLoad mobile navigation News Latest News Coventry News UK & World News Business Health Crime Politics Education Motors History News OpinionExpand What's On Latest What's On Food & Drink Things To Do ShoppingExpand Sport Latest Sport Coventry City FC Football Rugby Wasps RFC Coventry RFC Rugby League Speedway Other Sport Sport OpinionExpand Football Coventry City FC Wasps RFC Business In Your Area Coventry Warwickshire Nuneaton See all locationsExpand Sign in My Account Subscriptions Sign Out facebook twitter pinterest instagram Jobs Motors Property Directory Family Notices Plus Rewards BuySell Dating Book an Ad Buy a Photo InYourArea Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2017 Trinity Mirror Midlands Home What's On Shopping Asda What's On Asda is urgently recalling these products amid allergy risk fears The Walmart-owned supermarket has made the move because it contains barley which is not mentioned on the label  Share  Comments ByJames Rodger 08:47, 27 APR 2017 What's On Video Loading Video Unavailable Click to playTap to play The video will start in 8Cancel Play now Watch NextCadbury worker suffers epileptic fit after sacking Watch this video again Watch Next Dyllan Smith singing Ed Sheeran2:19 Video will play in  Aldi v Asda - which is cheaper? Share this video Watch Next  Share  Comments Get daily updates directly to your inbox + Subscribe Thank you for subscribing!Could not subscribe, try again laterInvalid Email Asda is recalling its Limited Edition Szechuan Chicken. The Walmart-owned supermarket has made the move because it contains barley which is not mentioned on the label. This means the product is a possible health risk for anyone with an allergy or intolerance to barley. No other Asda products are known to be affected. The affected products have a pack size of 400g and use-by date of April 29, 2017. Asda Read More Morrisons urgently recalls trimmed beans over fears they contain METAL If you have bought the above product and have an allergy or intolerance to barley, do not eat it. Instead return it to the store from where it was bought for a full refund. Asda is recalling the above product from customers and has contacted the relevant allergy support organisations, which will tell their members about the recall. The company has also issued a point-of-sale notice to its customers. These notices explain to customers why the product is being recalled and tell them what to do if they have bought the product. Like us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Daily Newsletter Follow @covtelegraph Subscribe to our Daily newsletterEnter emailSubscribe Comments Show more comments More On Asda Morrisons Ricoh Arena Return What's On all Most Read Most Recent AsdaAsda is urgently recalling these products amid allergy risk fears The Walmart-owned supermarket has made the move because it contains barley which is not mentioned on the label X Factor auditionsRecap: Where are all the wannabes? Coventry's X Factor seems to be lacking The ITV talent show is currently travelling the length and breadth of the country on the 2017 audition tour. Coventry ShoppingUK's most expensive vegetable on sale at Morrisons for £1 - but there's a catch This makes it the cheapest place to pick up your luxury green CoventryWhat are fidget spinners? All you need to know about toy craze sweeping UK - and where to buy them One of the most popular is the fidget spinner, which users spin rapidly between their fingers Fun StuffStress-busting 'fidget spinners' are this year's must-have office toy Some musicians even use the device to improve their motor skills before a performance bank holidayHotels.com launch 50% flash sale - but you'll need to be quick Are you feeling in the mood for a summer holiday abroad yet? Coventry ShoppingThe cheapest places to buy the LG G6 - best deals from Carphone Warehouse, EE, Vodafone and more The latest handset from the South Korean electronics company goes head to head with the Huawei P10 Plus and Samsung Galaxy S8 Coventry ShoppingUK's most expensive vegetable on sale at Morrisons for £1 - but there's a catch This makes it the cheapest place to pick up your luxury green Godiva FestivalGodiva Festival: More names added to 2017 festival line-up Former Libertines man to perform on Saturday's main stage Strictly Come Dancing'I'm doing it for Dad': Lorraine signs up for Coventry Does Strictly Night of glitz and glamour to be staged in aid of Macmillan Cancer Support Most Read Most Recent CoundonPlans for 70 new homes in Coundon Children's play area and affordable housing included in planning application to Coventry City Council AsdaAsda is urgently recalling these products amid allergy risk fears The Walmart-owned supermarket has made the move because it contains barley which is not mentioned on the label CoventryCoventry optician convicted of harassment is suspended for nine months The General Optical Council took the decision against Mohamed Saleem Patel CourtsCourts: Booze thief given suspended prison sentence Cases heard by Coventry magistrates on March 13 BusinessThis job will pay you to go into a prison - and here's why The job will see successful candidates earn up to £25,225 Coventry City FCCoventry City manager's Scunthorpe United legacy bodes well for summer rebuilding Mark Robins makes his first return to Glanford Park where the Sky Blues will face several players he signed while Iron boss CoundonPlans for 70 new homes in Coundon Children's play area and affordable housing included in planning application to Coventry City Council CoventryCoventry optician convicted of harassment is suspended for nine months The General Optical Council took the decision against Mohamed Saleem Patel George Eliot Hospital£1million boost for crisis hit A&E at George Eliot Hospital in Nuneaton But bosses say they can't yet say how the money will be spent Jaguar Land RoverGovernment wants Coventry and Jaguar Land Rover to be heart of global car industry The government's post-Brexit industrial strategy has been based around Coventry Top Stories CoundonPlans for 70 new homes in Coundon Children's play area and affordable housing included in planning application to Coventry City Council CoventryCoventry optician convicted of harassment is suspended for nine months The General Optical Council took the decision against Mohamed Saleem Patel Jaguar Land RoverGovernment wants Coventry and Jaguar Land Rover to be heart of global car industry The government's post-Brexit industrial strategy has been based around Coventry George Eliot Hospital£1million boost for crisis hit A&E at George Eliot Hospital in Nuneaton But bosses say they can't yet say how the money will be spent CourtsLee Brooks murder trial: Blood spatter expert describes violent assault in bedroom The court has previously heard how police found Mr Brooks’ skull had been smashed open Coventry NewsWhy did TOWIE cast come to mystery location in Coventry for a pool party? Their appearance has left people rather confused NuneatonTeen victim of viral bullying video is having BOXING LESSONS to boost confidence Trevor Thompsett is learning how to defend himself after he was attacked on camera X FactorX Factor hopefuls sang their hearts out at Coventry auditions Has Coventry got the X Factor? Longford"Lives could have been lost" - miracle escape after Longford lorry crash Two lorries and a van collided in Longford Road this morning CourtsCourts: Booze thief given suspended prison sentence Cases heard by Coventry magistrates on March 13 CourtsLee Brooks 'claw hammer' murder trial LIVE: Forensic scientists to give evidence Lee Brooks died after suffering head injuries in Stoke in August last year X Factor auditionsRecap: Where are all the wannabes? Coventry's X Factor seems to be lacking The ITV talent show is currently travelling the length and breadth of the country on the 2017 audition tour. AsdaAsda is urgently recalling these products amid allergy risk fears The Walmart-owned supermarket has made the move because it contains barley which is not mentioned on the label X Factor auditionsRecap: Where are all the wannabes? Coventry's X Factor seems to be lacking The ITV talent show is currently travelling the length and breadth of the country on the 2017 audition tour. Coventry ShoppingUK's most expensive vegetable on sale at Morrisons for £1 - but there's a catch This makes it the cheapest place to pick up your luxury green CoventryWhat are fidget spinners? All you need to know about toy craze sweeping UK - and where to buy them One of the most popular is the fidget spinner, which users spin rapidly between their fingers Fun StuffStress-busting 'fidget spinners' are this year's must-have office toy Some musicians even use the device to improve their motor skills before a performance bank holidayHotels.com launch 50% flash sale - but you'll need to be quick Are you feeling in the mood for a summer holiday abroad yet? CoventryWhere to get this GIANT Pornstar Martini cocktail near Coventry Served in an oversized cocktail glass, the vodka and passion fruit drink comes with a whole bottle of prosecco Coventry ShoppingThese products are being withdrawn by Sainsbury's, Tesco and Aldi And you thought the quinoa shortage was bad... BBCLine of Duty series 5: Will another season of hit show happen? The fourth series of the show starring Thandie Newton, Adrian Dunbar and Vicky McClure is currently airing on BBC1 AppleHow to fix 'unable to verify update' bug when downloading iOS 10.3 Here's how to update to Apple's new operating system without a headache WykenShow goes on for Wheatsheaf Players in their new home Theatre group to stage two one-act plays in Animal Instincts Coventry ShoppingHow Costa Coffee is sparking a high street breakfast price war with £1 bacon sandwich The move comes in a bid to break into the booming breakfast market Coventry ShoppingThe cheapest places to buy the LG G6 - best deals from Carphone Warehouse, EE, Vodafone and more The latest handset from the South Korean electronics company goes head to head with the Huawei P10 Plus and Samsung Galaxy S8 In The NewsBruno Mars fans LOCKED OUT of Birmingham concert demand compensation The problem emerged after issues with ticket scanners at the Barclaycard Arena venu Clive OwenClive Owen drama The Knick CANCELLED after only two seasons The series starred Owen as drug addict surgeon John Thackery Glastonbury FestivalWill Smith and DJ Jazzy Jeff are coming to the UK for a show this summer - how to get tickets This is set to be the duo's ONLY UK festival appearance this summer Sainsbury'sSainsbury's withdraws ALL hummus dips leaving shoppers fuming Hungry customers across the country have taken to Twitter to vent their frustration CoventryWhen will Ramadan be in 2017 and why does the date change? If Islam isn't your religion, or not one you are familiar with, you might wonder what it's all about Doctor WhoDavid Bradley breaks silence over Doctor Who rumours Game of Thrones star David Bradley is set to revisit the world of Doctor Who - this time to portray the first ever Doctor Restaurants in CoventryWhen does McDonalds Monopoly 2017 end? All you need to know The promotion at the fast food giant means you have the chance to win loads of prizes News What's On Sport Football Follow us facebook twitter pinterest instagram InYourArea Contact Us About Us Subscriptions Advertise with Us Goal Time How to Complain Corrections and Clarifications Google Survey Reader Panel Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Our RSS Feeds © 2017 Trinity Mirror Midlands This website uses cookies. Using this website means you are okay with this but you can find out more and learn how to manage your cookie choices here.Close cookie policy overlay close Breaking news
Epaper search FOLLOW US: Home Archives Latest Arkansas Arkansas Politics Crime Legislature National National Politics Opinion/Voices Religion Right2Know Traffic Map Weather Weird News World Today's Newspaper News Obituaries Arkansas Arkansas Stocks Jobs Markets Technology Today's Newspaper Business Weekend Movies Music Find a Restaurant Dining Today's Newspaper Events TV Listings Puzzles & Games Entertainment Arkansas Razorbacks-WholeHogSports High School-Preps UA UALR ASU UCA Horse Racing Wally Hall- Like It Is Blog-Recruiting Guy College Football College Basketball Olympics NFL NFL Draft NBA MLB PGA NHL NASCAR TENNIS SOCCER Little Rock Marathon Today's Newspaper Sports Photo Galleries Staff Galleries & Multimedia AP Photos Top 10 Photos All Sports Top Trending Videos News Recruiting Video Galleries Videos Family Food High Profile Religion Style Travel Wedding/Engagement Announcements Anniversary Announcements Arkansas Bridal Community Special Sections Dear Abby Columnists Polls Previous Features Features Events Classifieds Jobs Homes Autos Core Values Crime Right2Know Traffic Projects Archives News Tip Whole Hog Sports Arkansas Life Place an Ad Arkansas Daily Deal Friday, April 28, 2017, 1:59 a.m. ADVERTISEMENT Home / News / Arkansas / 7 Cubans arrested in theft of $9M in IRS scheme By Linda Satter This article was published April 27, 2017 at 3:18 a.m. Comments aAFont Size Search mug shots, government salaries, crime maps and more at our Right2Know page. Seven Cuban nationals were arrested Tuesday in Miami and West Palm Beach, Fla., in connection with a nationwide scheme to steal nearly $9 million from unsuspecting taxpayers, including a number of Arkansans, by impersonating IRS agents, federal authorities announced Wednesday. The seven and an Orlando man who remained at large Wednesday were added to an indictment handed up June 8 by a federal grand jury in the Eastern District of Arkansas. The superseding indictment was handed up on April 4 but remained sealed until Wednesday. "This fraud scheme has victimized thousands of innocent people all across the country, including a number of citizens here in Arkansas," acting U.S. Attorney Patrick Harris said in a news release. "These defendants pretended to be government employees and scared victims with spurious threats of legal action and imprisonment, and in doing so sought to take advantage of the most vulnerable among us." Harris, who announced the updated indictment and the arrests, along with officials from the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration and the Social Security Administration, added, "This indictment reflects our commitment to protecting our citizens from fraud, and holding accountable those who steal from honest citizens." According to the announcement, people purporting to be IRS employees would call and threaten victims with legal action, arrest and imprisonment for a supposed debt owed to the IRS. It said the callers "made these threats and used other methods of intimidation" to persuade the victims to wire money through wire-transfer services. "No legitimate employee of the United States Treasury Department or the Internal Revenue Service will demand that anyone make payments via MoneyGram, Western Union, Walmart-2-Walmart Money Transfer, or any other money wiring method, for any debt to the IRS or the Treasury Department," said J. Russell George, treasury inspector general. George called the scammers "relentless," noting that in the last three years the scam has resulted in reported taxpayer losses of more than $55 million. But he said investigators are also relentless and "will not rest until we have brought those responsible for this scheme to justice." The original Arkansas indictment charged Jeniffer Valerino Nunez and Dennis Delgado Caballero with conspiracy to commit wire fraud and 21 separate counts of wire fraud. They were arrested in Miami on May 23 and remain in federal custody. The new indictment adds eight names, seven of which were arrested in Tuesday's roundup in south Florida and an eighth who remains at large. All are charged with wire-fraud conspiracy. Wire-transfer collections related to the scheme have been located in 28 other states besides Arkansas and the District of Columbia, according to the news release. Altogether, it said, investigators have identified 7,797 victims nationwide for a total discovered loss of $8,958,995.71. Wire fraud and wire-fraud conspiracy are both punishable by up to 20 years in prison and a fine of up to $250,000. Metro on 04/27/2017 Print Headline: 7 Cubans arrested in theft of $9M in IRS scheme Tweet ADVERTISEMENT More Arkansas Arkansas man gets 20 years for assaulting gir... Robber flees in Little Rock when told eyes ar... Little Rock tortilla shop's door wrecked; $40... Fort Smith airport picks new director 7 Cubans arrested in theft of $9M in IRS sche... UAMS makes Dornhoffer otolaryngology chief Spa City board fills post; another opens Interim director named at HSU's Hot Springs s... Cave Springs under police probe More Arkansas stories > Comments on: 7 Cubans arrested in theft of $9M in IRS scheme To report abuse or misuse of this area please hit the "Suggest Removal" link in the comment to alert our online managers. Read our Terms of Use policy. You must login to make comments. ADVERTISEMENT MOST POPULAR Viewed Commented Others say: Arkansas' example (1 comment) PHOTOS, VIDEO: Day care worker killed, 2 hurt in 2 separate drive-by shootings, Little Rock police say (9 comments) Police: Resident of Little Rock high-rise says gunfire exchanged during robbery attempt; teen killed (14 comments) Dead wrong (13 comments) Robber takes headphones from Best Buy in Arkansas, threatens to shoot employees, police say (8 comments) 1 killed in shooting inside high-rise apartment across from Little Rock mall (10 comments) open this tab by default SHOPPING loading... Central Arkansas Auto Sales Central Arkansas Banking Central Arkansas Beauty Care Central Arkansas Dentists Central Arkansas Florists Central Arkansas Insurance Central Arkansas Lawyers Central Arkansas Movers Central Arkansas Physicians Central Arkansas Restaurants Central Arkansas Real Estate ADVERTISEMENT Home News Obituaries Business Entertainment Photos Videos Features Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Autos Daily Deal NEWS Today's Newspaper Arkansas Obituaries Opinion / Letters National Politics Elections World Religion Offbeat Sister Papers Weather Print Edition BUSINESS Business Business wire Tech wire Arkansas stocks Markets SPORTS Arkansas Sports Whole Hog - Razorbacks Preps Recruiting Guy Blog LR Marathon College sports galleries Preps sports galleries AP Sports College Football NFL NBA MLB PGA NASCAR Tennis FEATURES Events Calendar Event Photos FEATURES cont. Style Music Family Food Dining Out Find a Restaurant Television Travel High Profile Weddings/Engagements WEB EXTRAS E-mail Updates Right2Know Databases Documents Archives Statement of core values WEB EXTRAS cont. Videos Photo Galleries FixIt Pothole Map War Casualties Democrat-Gazette History Arkansas Links Support Groups Blogs Facebook Twitter CONTACT FAQ/Contact Us Forgotten Password? Subscriber Help Newspaper Delivery Corporate CONTACT cont. Advertising Newspaper Staff Website Staff Internships Terms of Use SUBMIT News Tip Event or Meeting Letter to the Editor Honor/Achievement Wedding/Anniversary PROMOTIONS Democrat-Gazette Store Bridal Show Capture Arkansas Spelling Bee PUBLICATIONS Tri Lakes Three Rivers River Valley & Ozark Arkansas Life Special Sections Where We Live CLASSIFIEDS Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Auto Jobs with Us ADVERTISING Advertise with us Copyright © 2017, Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. All rights reserved. This document may not be reprinted without the express written permission of Arkansas Democrat-Gazette, Inc. Material from the Associated Press is Copyright © 2017, Associated Press and may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Associated Press text, photo, graphic, audio and/or video material shall not be published, broadcast, rewritten for broadcast or publication or redistributed directly or indirectly in any medium. Neither these AP materials nor any portion thereof may be stored in a computer except for personal and noncommercial use. The AP will not be held liable for any delays, inaccuracies, errors or omissions therefrom or in the transmission or delivery of all or any part thereof or for any damages arising from any of the foregoing. All rights reserved. We hope you've enjoyed your preview of ArkansasOnline.com. You've now read the maximum number of stories available without a subscription. Subscribe now for complete and uninterrupted access to the best local, state and national news. Already have an account?   Already a print subscriber?  

The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back. (UL,20170428,,-1,AR). The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back. (UL,20170428,,-1,AR). Contact us Subscriptions eEdition Tips Ads Ad Circulars WEATHER SPONSOR All Sections Home + News More In + News Animals Business Courts Crime Education Energy Health Outdoors Ski Conditions Ski Conditions Politics Voters First Public Safety Real Estate Religion Science and Tech Social Issues  Aging in NH Transportation  Autos Veterans War UnionLeaderAutos + Politics More In + Politics Politics Voters First Local & County Government State Government City Hall Granite Status State House Dome + Business More In + Business Energy Real Estate Transportation Mike Cote's Business Notebook Ask the Expert Legacy Awards 40 Under Forty + A&E More In + A&E Music + Sports More In + Sports High Schools Colleges Fisher Cats Manchester Monarchs Golf Red Sox/MLB Patriots/NFL Bruins/NHL Celtics/NBA Motor Sports Outdoors Ski Conditions + Opinion More In + Opinion Editorials Columns Editorial Cartoons Local Voices Letters to Editor Column submission policy + Food More In + Food Restaurant reviews Menu guide Food & Wine events + Lifestyle More In + Lifestyle Things To Do About NH Arts & Entertainment Celebrities and people Contests NH Weekend Pets and animals Press Releases Social announcements Travel Obits Jobs Real Estate + Index More In + Index News Sports News A&E Politics Business Sports Opinion Obits Photos Jobs Homes Crime Police: Man threw trash cans at officer in attempt to avoid arrest A Manchester police officer broke his arm Thursday night during a foot pursuit in which the man he was chasing threw two trash cans at him. More Headlines AG says search of Allenstown property turns up nothing Bankruptcy court judge OKs fees to retrieve 'Dusty' cars More in News Animals Business Courts Crime Education Energy Environment   Saint-Gobain/PFOA Health History Human Interest Politics Public Safety Science and Tech Social Issues  Aging in NH Transportation  Autos Veterans War Weather Monarchs Monarchs drop Game 1 to Beast in OT Connor Crisp proved to be the Manchester Monarchs' worst enemy in a 3-2 overtime loss to the Brampton Beast in Game 1 of the ECHL North Division Finals at the Powerade Centre in Brampton, Ontario, on... More Headlines Tom Herzig's Trackside: Wildcats vital to Claremont success NFL draft could include Crossan, DeAndrade More in Sports High Schools Colleges Fisher Cats Manchester Monarchs Golf Red Sox/MLB Patriots/NFL Bruins/NHL Celtics/NBA Motor Sports Outdoors Ski Conditions Business WMUR-TV, DISH Network end dispute After a seven-week haitus, WMUR was back on the DISH network after parent owner Hearst Television announced it had reached an agreement to restore service for the Manchester outlet and the rest of... More Headlines Elliot names Ten Haken COO Cyber security forum looks at staying safe on internet More in Business Energy Real Estate Transportation Mike Cote's Business Notebook Ask the Expert Legacy Awards 40 Under Forty Editorials Three sets of rules: Taxis, airport taxis, and Uber Heaven forbid you get into a cab at Manchester airport and your driver isn't wearing a collared shirt. Or even worse, has open-toed shoes. Keep it open: GOP needs to avoid shutdown By backing away from the wall, President Donald Trump has backed away from the cliff. An Editorial -- Joseph W. McQuaid, Publisher: Governor, listen to your father Regarding New Hampshire state spending, Gov. Sununu used to remind politicians that there is a difference between “needs and wants.” > More Headlines John Stossel: Should you bet on Trump? George F. Will: Will France elect a Gallic Barack Obama? More in Opinion Editorials Columns Editorial Cartoons Local Voices Letters to Editor Column submission policy Politics Reuters interview: Trump says 'major, major' conflict with N.Korea possible, but seeks diplomacy President Donald Trump said on Thursday a major conflict with North Korea is possible in the standoff over its nuclear and missile programs, but he would prefer a diplomatic outcome to the dispute. More Headlines Nashua Democrats cry foul over county representation following committee member's party swap Kasich signs books, stokes 2020 talk More in Politics Politics Local & County Government State Government Voters First City Hall Granite Status State House Dome Welcome guest, you have 3 views left.  Register| Sign In The article requested cannot be found! Please refresh your browser or go back. (UL,20170428,,-1,AR). Post or View Comments  Weekend 'Top 10' Planner: April 28-30, 2017 We took the Top 10 Things to Do in New Hampshire this weekend and dropped them here so you can pick your plans. You can choose from outdoor events like Discover Wild NH Day in Concord or head back... Eric Church Saturday, 8 p.m. Discover Wild NH Day Saturday, 10 a.m. - 3 p.m. Kathy Griffin Saturday, 7 p.m. Peter Wolf Saturday, 7:30 p.m. Motor Booty Affair Saturday, 8 p.m. Home Free Friday, 8 p.m. Get the Led Out Friday, 7:30 p.m. (Lebanon Opera House), Saturday, 8 p.m. (Hampton Beach Casino) Candide Saturday, 7 p.m., Sunday, 3 p.m. Badfinger's 'Straight Up' Sunday, 7:30 p.m. Lakes Region Home Show Saturday, 9 a.m. - 5 p.m., Sunday, 10 a.m. - 4 p.m. Weekend 'Top 10' Planner: April 21-23, 2017 This weekend is another one that is packed full with lots of fun for the whole family. With Earth Day planted on Saturday there are plenty of events happening in the great outdoors and there are... Trace Adkins Saturday, 8 p.m. Ringling Bros. and Barnum Bailey presents Circus XTREME Friday, 7 p.m. Saturday, 11 a.m., 3 p.m. and 7 p.m., Sunday, 2 p.m. and 6 p.m. 1 2 3 4 5 5 Eric Church Saturday, 8 p.m. Discover Wild NH Day Saturday, 10 a.m. - 3 p.m. Kathy Griffin Saturday, 7 p.m. Peter Wolf Saturday, 7:30 p.m. Motor Booty Affair Saturday, 8 p.m. Outdoors / Travel Dave Anderson's Forest Journal: Everybody into the pools   0    PUBLISHED - 8:48 pm 4/21 Drawn like trout to flies: Exhibit honors the allure of Monadnock fly fishing   0    PUBLISHED - 8:49 pm 4/21 Know neighborhood to make most of London excursion    0    PUBLISHED - 9:57 pm 4/21 Roadside History: Soapstone in Francestown   0    PUBLISHED - 9:44 pm 4/21 People & Lifestyles NH Club Notes: Garden clubs to participate in MFA's Art in Bloom   0    PUBLISHED - 11:46 pm 4/26 NH Senior Notes: AARP offering workshops on iPads, the digital-age job search    0    PUBLISHED - 8:55 pm 4/23 3 men with NH ties complete Air Force training   0    PUBLISHED - 9:52 pm 4/21 Lifestyle briefs: SEE Science Center offering 3-part LEGO mini-course   0    PUBLISHED - 8:49 pm 4/22 Entertainment Comedian to dish about celebrities in two NH shows   0    PUBLISHED - 1:00 pm 4/26 J. Geils singer brings 'A Cure for Loneliness' to Plymouth stage   0    PUBLISHED - 1:00 pm 4/26 Student musicians to perform in chamber music series    0    PUBLISHED - 1:00 pm 4/26 Manchester Choral Society to present Bernstein's 'Candide'    0    PUBLISHED - 1:00 pm 4/26 Dining & Food Wine Expo NH partners with Great Bay Community College Wine Expo NH returns to Portsmouth Harbor Events Center in the Portwalk on Tuesday from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. in a new partnership with Great Bay Community College.    0 Janine Gilbertson's Granite Kitchen: A rhubarb over tastes of early spring   0    PUBLISHED - 8:58 pm 4/25 Our Gourmet: A great dinner at a local landmark    0    PUBLISHED - 8:58 pm 4/25    Full Site    Mobile Site © Copyright 2017 Union Leader Corporation. All rights reserved. Tags Auctions Bedford Common Core Contests Crime Derry Hooksettt Londonderry Manchester Market Basket Business Education Northern Pass Our Gourmet Primary - 2016 Property Transfers Scott Brown SNHU UNH Wind power Winter Fun NEWS Animals Business Ask the Expert 40 Under Forty Crime Education Newspapers in Education Energy Health History Legacy Awards Politics   Voters First   Granite Status   State House Dome   City Hall Public safety Real Estate Religion Science/Tech Social Issues   Aging in NH Special Sections Transportation   Autos   unionleaderautos.com Veterans War Weather SPORTS Golf Bruins/NHL Celtics/NBA College Sports columns Fisher Cats High School Monarchs Motor sports Patriots/NFL Red Sox/MLB ANNOUNCEMENTS Anniversary Birth Engagement Wedding Obituaries  Obituary policy  Memorial Bookmarks PHOTO GALLERIES Buy photos Buy page reprint OPINION Editorials Op-eds Editorial Cartoons Letters to Editor LOCAL VOICES City Matters Dick Pinney Grant Bosse Looking Back Publisher's Notes Scene in Manchester Nature Talks CLASSIFIEDS Automotive Employment ads Merchandise Public Notices Real estate Rentals Services PLACE CLASSIFIED NEWHAMPSHIRE.com Arts & Entertainment Events Food  Our Gourmet Life & Culture NH People Outdoors Ski Conditions Travel & Tourism Winter Fun SERVICES Contact Us Subscriptions Newsletter Signup Where to buy Union Leader Mobile options Santa Fund Advertising Send a news tip! Advanced Search Newsletters signup Union Leader jobs Privacy Policy
More Sites Times News Legals Autos Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Courts Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Courts Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested Contests Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections First degree murder trial State, defense rests cases in 2015 smothering death Becky Campbell • Updated Apr 26, 2017 at 9:55 PM bcampbell@johnsoncitypress.com After more than three hours on the witness stand Wednesday, the defense’s forensic expert ultimately came to the same conclusion about Karen Parker’s 2015 death as the case pathologist had found — she was murdered. Exactly how the 59-year-old woman died was still in dispute, but not by much. Parker was found lying in her living room floor with a pillow and blanket over her head by a maintenance worker at Westgate Village Apartments, where she lived. Two men were arrested in the case, and one of them has been on trial in a Jonesborough courtroom this week for murder and robbery. After being arrested on an unrelated charge, Aaron Garland, 23, of Elizabethton, gave a statement to former Johnson City police investigator Justin Adams, the lead investigator on the case who has since left the department. In that statement, which Adams read to the jury Wednesday, Garland said it was his co-defendant, Dallas Sarden’s idea to rob Parker for her car on August 17, 2015. They knocked on Parker’s apartment door — right beside Garland’s cousin’s apartment where he’d been staying — but Parker said she’d get a cigarette and be right out. They knocked on the door again, and when Parker opened it Sarden punched her, according to Garland’s statement. The pair began rummaging through Parker’s apartment looking for her car keys, but when she threatened to call 911, they took turns holding her down and sitting on her to prevent that call. At some point, according to Garland’s statement, he returned to where they had Parker down and he realized she wasn’t responding. Garland’s statement indicated he took $45 while Sarden took Parker’s bank card and a Walmart gift card. The pair used the cash to buy food at Red Lobster, the gift card for gas, cigarettes and cigars and the debit card for food at McDonald’s and items at Kroger. State prosecutors delivered testimony from a McDonald’s manager, who presented a video showing the two men making purchases with a credit card; a Shoney’s manager who said Garland tried to use a credit card with the name “Karen” on it, but it was declined, and a Regions Bank manager who showed the jury other attempted transactions, including those at Greyhound and Kentucky Fried Chicken. The state’s forensic witness, East Tennessee State University pathologist Dr. Eugene Scheuerman performed the autopsy on Parker and determined the manner of death was homicide. Scheuerman’s report indicated Parker died from suffocation, blunt force injuries and possible strangulation. Contributors to her death were coronary artery disease, hypertensive heart disease — aka high blood pressure — and COPD. He pointed out bruises on Parker’s head that could have caused a concussion, but said the blunt force trauma on its own would not have killed her. But that, coupled with her health conditions and the theory someone was sitting on her, did cause her death, Scheuerman testified. Defense forensic expert Dr. John Hunsaker basically agreed with Scheuerman about how Parker died — homicide — but he said there were other factors that could have caused it as opposed to the pathologist's opinion. Hunsaker said he reviewed the autopsy report, a toxicology report prepared by ETSU toxicologist Dr. Kenneth Ferslew that showed four medications — Prozac, tramadol, diazepam and the breakdown of klonopin — in Parker’s system. Hunsaker said the mixture of medications could have caused a toxic effect on Parker if she was in a situation to exert herself by struggling. “It’s a complicated case. There’s no doubt about that,” Hunsaker said. But he went on to question why there was a delay in when the autopsy was completed and the autopsy report was completed. “Everything that went into the autopsy report that has to do with the cause of death was known when the autopsy was completed. Maybe it required some more evaluation … maybe the pathologist was busy with a lot of other duties and didn’t fully conclude it until two months after the autopsy.” Hunsaker went on to say that even if the death is a homicide, “I would not consider manual strangulation as a component and I would probably tend to invoke that if she was battered in such a way that would (cause) an irregular heart beat due to stress, and the heart was the primary organ that failed because of that.” During opening statements, defense attorney Bill Francisco had told jurors he had two witnesses — neighbors of Parkers — who would testify that Parker was often intoxicated and on one occasion she had answered the door for them so intoxicated she was on her knees. That pledge tanked when neither woman gave testimony to support what Francisco has said. Barbara Friday, who called Parker a close friend, testified she was with Parker the day before her friend was found dead. The two did laundry together and sat on the laundry room porch talking for a bit. Friday said she was alarmed when she saw the police and ambulance at Parker’s apartment on Aug. 18, 2015 “Well, Karen was my friend. My close friend. And when I saw them carrying her out I thought, ‘Oh my God she must have burned herself or hurt herself,’ ” Friday testified. She said the evening before, around 10:30 p.m. Parker called and asked for a cigarette. Friday told her she’d bring one, but never did. “Well, I didn’t know what was going on … the overhead light was on …. the apartment was lit up … Karen always used her lamp. She never used that overhead light. From what Karen told me, I was afraid,” Friday said. “I wish I would have stopped in a way. … I might have got hurt, too, if I’d stopped,” Another woman, Patricia Reed, testified she went to Parker’s on one occasion with Friday. When Francisco asked Reed if Parker came to the door on her knees, she said no. “Two neighbors saw her that morning,” Francisco in opening statements Tuesday. “They had to take care of her, took care of her laundry. While they’re doing laundry with her, she was very distraught, she was unhappy; she said she didn’t want to live anymore, she wanted to die. She’d had suicidal thoughts previously and had been treated. She was an unhappy woman.” Both sides rested Wednesday, and the jury will hearing closing arguments Thursday morning before starting deliberations. Garland faces life in prison if convicted. He remains jailed on a $100,000 bond while the case is pending. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
Skip to main content Home Subscription Obits Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted Best of Topeka 2017 Biz Directory Jail mugs MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home Best of Topeka 2017 E-Edition Obituaries News News All headlines Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Elections 2016 Calendar of Events Weather Featured Friends of Topeka Zoo uncork ‘Roar and Pour Wine Fest’ taking place Saturday Manhattan High student arrested after drugs, unloaded gun found in backpack Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Rec Calendar Hy-Vee Hoopla Bracket Challenge Featured Kevin Haskin: Fun to see Chiefs, Reid decide to take gamble on Mahomes Kevin Haskin: New KSHSAA leader will soon learn a bit about his persuasion Lifestyle Life At Home Food & Drink Religion Arts & Entertainment Connected Celebrations Place an Announcement Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Featured Friends of Topeka Zoo uncork ‘Roar and Pour Wine Fest’ taking place Saturday At Home: Remodeled kitchen blends French country, Victorian Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured Alyssa Rosenberg: Time to ignore Ann Coulter Editorial: Standardized tests remain important Connect With Us Newspapers in Education Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Facebook alerts Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Classifieds Home Local Business Directory Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Data Databases Home 2016 Retirement Facilities Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Special Topics Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Subscriptions Subscribe Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted April 26, 2017 11:44 am - Updated April 27, 2017 12:25 am By The Associated Press Carbon monoxide kills 2 who were found dead in SUV outside KC Walmart Authorities say carbon monoxide poisoning killed two people who were found dead in an SUV in a Walmart parking lot in Kansas City, Kan. (Google Maps) KANSAS CITY, Kan. — Authorities say carbon monoxide poisoning killed two people who were found dead in an SUV in a Walmart parking lot in Kansas City, Kan. Police Chief Terry Zeigler announced the cause of death Tuesday on Twitter. The names of the two people who died weren’t immediately released. They were found Sunday morning in the parking lot across the street from the Legends Outlets shopping center near the Kansas Speedway. Zeigler said in a later tweet that he wasn’t sure what caused carbon monoxide levels to reach lethal levels. He said “an exhaust issue” was a possibility. Advertisement Most Popular News Thu, 04/27/2017 - 17:03 KU Health, partner prepare to make offer on St. Francis News Thu, 04/27/2017 - 15:56 Mayetta woman, 29, in custody after low-speed police chase through downtown Topeka area News Thu, 04/27/2017 - 18:27 Shawnee County Commission chairman Bob Archer reveals he has cancer during meeting News Thu, 04/27/2017 - 16:22 Two more charges filed against alleged gunman in July 2016 shooting death   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Thu, 04/27/2017 - 21:58 Birth announcements — Thursday, April 27 St. Francis Read more Thu, 04/27/2017 - 21:55 KCK police: Two found dead in SUV killed by accidental carbon monoxide inhalation KANSAS CITY, Kan. — Kansas City, Kansas, police say two people found dead in a sport utility vehicle last weekend succumbed to... Read more Thu, 04/27/2017 - 21:44 Inaugural ‘Hidden Figures’ scholarships awarded to boost academic careers Thu, 04/27/2017 - 20:46 Police calls — update for April 27, 2017 Police calls Read more Load more Around the Web   Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2017. All Rights Reserved. X
Jump to Navigation SEARCH Search form Search ◀ Environment / Food Environment Food Fracking Water Economy Economy Labor Local Education Rights Human Rights LGBTQ Immigration Media / Culture Media Culture Books Documentaries Health Drugs Activism Belief Pleasure Sex & Relationships It's Official: How the Koch Brothers Killed Trump’s Job Plan The president’s new tax bill jettisons his old proposals to boost domestic production. By Jefferson Morley / AlterNet April 26, 2017 Print Comments Photo Credit: DonkeyHotey / Flickr As the 100-day mark of Donald Trump’s embattled presidency approaches, it’s official: the self-proclaimed champion of America’s forgotten workers has no jobs plan. In announcing his new tax plan, President Trump quietly abandoned his biggest legislative initiative aimed at creating American jobs, and postponed again his ambitious but vague trillion-dollar infrastructure jobs program. While most news organizations are focusing on Trump's proposed tax cuts, the bigger story may be Trump’s disappearing jobs agenda. While Trump’s presidency is deeply unpopular, his focus on American jobs is the rare issue where he commands wide support. One recent poll found 73 percent of respondents approved of his performance on jobs. Trump's problem is translating his rhetoric into reality. Just two months ago, Trump endorsed a "border adjustment tax" designed to favor domestic manufacturers and thus create American jobs. "I certainly support a form of tax on the border," the president told Reuters. "What is going to happen is companies are going to come back here, they're going to build their factories and they're going to create a lot of jobs and there's no tax." Trump also hinted he would send Congress legislation enacting a trillion-dollar infrastructure jobs program. Another right-wing rebellion on Capitol Hill suffocated his plans. The border adjustment tax (BAT) was opposed by the Koch brothers’ conservative advocacy network and the domestic retail industry, led by Walmart and other firms that sell imported goods. With no interest in or understanding of the legislation, and a nonexistent congressional relations operation, Trump had no ability to secure approval of the idea.  Eight weeks ago, I asked, "Who Wins? Trump vs. Koch Brothers on Jobs." Three weeks ago, I suggested Trump was facing humiliation. Official Failure Today, the Koch brothers' victory is complete, and Trump’s failure is official. Facing certain defeat on the BAT, Trump abandoned his attempt to create American jobs. About Trump's new proposal, the New York Times notes: As of late Tuesday, the plan did not include Mr. Trump’s promised $1 trillion infrastructure program, two of the people said, and it jettisoned a House Republican proposal to impose a substantial tax on imports, known as a border adjustment tax, which would have raised billions of dollars to help offset the cost of the [tax] cuts. What happened? Trump got rolled by the combined lobbying machine of the Koch brothers and the retail industry. Americans for Prosperity, the Kochs' political action organization, ran TV ads denouncing the BAT as a $1.2 trillion tax increase on seniors and the working poor. Another Koch-funded group defined the measure as a tax increase on millennials. The head of the Retail Industry Leaders Association declared, “The border adjustment tax is harmful, untested, and would put American retail jobs at risk and force consumers to pay as much as 20% more for family essentials." Against this Washington juggernaut, the disorganized and disengaged president didn’t stand a chance. As the Times more gently put it, “Mr. Trump acceded to pressure from retailers and conservative advocacy groups.” Other Priorities Trump’s retreat clarifies his governing priorities. During the 2016 campaign, candidate Trump promised to pass a massive jobs program in his first 100 days. In office, President Trump put repeal of Obamacare first. That failed. He pivoted to tax reform designed to stimulate job creation. That too has failed.   “The border adjustment tax may be revisited later, but was considered too controversial to include now,” the Times reported. The story of the day is Trump's proposal for tax cuts that will increase the deficit. The story behind the story: After 100 days, Trump has not only failed to pass a program to create American jobs, he has failed to offer one.  Jefferson Morley is AlterNet's Washington correspondent. He is the author of  JFK and CIA: The Secret Assassination Files (Kindle) and Snow-Storm in August: Washington City, Francis Scott Key, and the Forgotten Race Riot of 1835.         Share on Facebook Share         Share on Twitter Tweet Report typos and corrections to [email protected] '.         Comments Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox EMAIL: + sign up for additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Sign Up! Get AlterNet's Daily Newsletter in Your Inbox + select additional lists [x] Select additional lists by selecting the checkboxes below before clicking Subscribe: Activism Drugs Economy Education Environment Food Media World Enviro Newswire Enviro Newswire presented by   Best of the week Most Read Most Emailed Most Discussed On Reddit On Digg Are American Voters Actually Just Stupid? A New Poll Suggests the Answer May Be Yes Chauncey DeVega / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Wed, 04/26/2017 - 07:24 Ben Carson Is Proving to Be the Bizarre and Incompetent Secretary of Housing and Urban Development We Expected Him to Be Alex Kotch / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Wed, 04/26/2017 - 09:00 WATCH: Disillusioned Trump Voter Goes Off on Supporters Still Making Excuses for the President Brad Reed / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 04/25/2017 - 07:30 Robert Reich: Trump's Latest Tweetstorm Is Grounds for Impeachment Robert Reich / RobertReich.org Displayed Publishing Date: Thu, 04/27/2017 - 06:25 Noam Chomsky: The Republican Party Is the 'Most Dangerous Organization in World History' Noam Chomsky, Peter Hutchison, Kelly Nyks, Jared P. Scott / Seven Stories Press Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 04/25/2017 - 14:44 10 Signs Trump's Top Homeland Security Cop Wants to Drag America Into a Paranoid Apocalyptic Police State Steven Rosenfeld / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 04/25/2017 - 14:39 Bill O'Reilly's Top Protege Makes Pathetic Excuse After Outrage Builds Over Crude Ivanka Trump Oral Sex Joke Kali Holloway / AlterNet Displayed Publishing Date: Wed, 04/26/2017 - 09:07 WATCH: Ivanka Trump Booed and Hissed After Praising Dad as 'Tremendous Champion' of Families Brad Reed / Raw Story Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 04/25/2017 - 06:05 Are Neoconservatives Marching the United States into a Fresh New Hell? Heather Digby Parton / Salon Displayed Publishing Date: Tue, 04/25/2017 - 06:40 Robert Reich: 5 Reasons Why Trump’s Corporate Tax Cut Is Totally Moronic Robert Reich / RobertReich.org Displayed Publishing Date: Wed, 04/26/2017 - 07:20 Today's Top Stories News & Politics Ben Carson Is Proving to Be the Bizarre and Incompetent Secretary of Housing and Urban Development We Expected Him to Be News & Politics Are American Voters Actually Just Stupid? A New Poll Suggests the Answer May Be Yes News & Politics Stephen Colbert Has a Pitch-Perfect Analogy for Trump's Horrifying Tax Plan Media Why Is the New York Times Elevating a Climate Skeptic and Right-Wing Ideologue to Its Op-Ed Page? Books Noam Chomsky: The Republican Party Is the 'Most Dangerous Organization in World History' News & Politics Robert Reich: Trump's Latest Tweetstorm Is Grounds for Impeachment Education Perverse New Missouri Law Could Sentence Grade Schoolers to Four Years of Prison Time Culture Trump's Nightmarish First 100 Days Gets the 'Simpsons' Spoof It Richly Deserves News & Politics 'Law & Order' Rips Its Newest Episode Straight from the Headlines About Fox News' Toxic Culture News & Politics Bernie Sanders Shares the Time He Snubbed Donald Trump News & Politics Bill O'Reilly's Fox News Replacement Is a Favorite Television Personality of Neo-Nazis Immigration 6 Reasons Trump and Sessions Are Constitutional Idiots When It Comes to Threatening and Punishing Sanctuary Cities News & Politics Trump's Newly Unveiled Anti-Immigrant Hotline Bombarded with Reports of Space Aliens Education White Florida Principal at Majority Black School Told Staff to Put White Students in Same Class News & Politics Trump’s Tax Plan Could Cost Government $6 Trillion Personal Health The Serious Dangers of Tampons—And You Have to Pay Taxes on Them as Well Education Diane Ravitch Urges Boycott of Standardized Tests, Saying They Do Nothing for Kids But Make Testing Companies Rich Environment Trump Team Sharply Divided Over Paris Climate Agreement News & Politics A Display of Unbelievable Ignorance: In a Real Country With a Real President, Trump's AP Interview Would Destroy Him Culture Can Bill Nye—or Any Other Science Show—Really Save the World? Labor The Price for Killing Workers Must Be Prison World Turkey Deeply Divided After Vote The Right Wing Secret Trumpcare Confab Revealed with Insurance Execs and Freedom Caucus (Satire) FARK HEADLINES News from idealmedia.com Alternet Originals May Day, Reinvigorated to Fight Trump's Anti-Immigrant Policies Hightower: The Postal Service Is Doing Great, Despite Lies and Distortions From the Right-Wing The Top 10 Resistance Victories in Trump's First 100 Days ◀ Our Mission Who We Are About IMI Foundation Support Press Information Writer Guidelines Privacy Policy Advertise on AlterNet Contact Us Donate Subscribe Login
Customer Care Contact Us Staff Directory Circulation Redeliver Paper Vacation Hold Online Access Help Newsroom Corrections News Tip Letters to the Editor You Said It Media Kit Place a Classified Subscribe Login Register 36° F Mostly Cloudy Wind NW at 4 MPH Pressure 1006 MB Dewpoint 21° F Visibility 9 miles Area forecast >     Home Weather Breaking News Columnists Obituaries Magazines Coupons Oil & Gas RSS Contests News Western Colorado Colorado U.S. World Business Blotter Politics Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns You Said It Sports High School CMU GJ Rockies Local Results College Columns Community JUCO Wrestling Outdoors Hiking & Camping Biking Hunting & Fishing Snow Sports Spring Summer Fall Winter Lifestyle Health & Wellness Home & Garden Food Celebrate! Pets Entertainment Music Movies Television Puzzles & Games Festivals and Events Blogs Music on the Goe Birds and More Photos & Video All Photo Galleries All Videos Sandstone to Summit Directories Downtown Grand Junction Local Business Churches Events Classifieds Jobs Real Estate Cars • Articles/Galleries/Videos • Classifieds • Business Directory Tip: Use quotation marks to search for articles. SHARE Counterfeiters strike GJ By Gabrielle Porter Wednesday, April 26, 2017 Three Grand Junction stores were targeted on the same day last week by thieves using counterfeit $20 bills, according to police reports. The Grand Junction Police Department received reports that on April 20: ■ “Numerous” subjects at Walmart, 2545 Rimrock Ave., used phony $20 bills to buy more than $1,000 in merchandise in four separate transactions between 8:30 a.m. and 9:20 a.m. ■ More than one subject at Kohl’s, 636 Market St., used 23 counterfeit $20 bills to buy merchandise worth less than $300 between 10:45 a.m. and 11:25 a.m. ■ More than one subject at Target, 2424 U.S. Highway 6&50, used five counterfeit $20 bills to pay for less than $750 worth of merchandise between 1 and 1:50 p.m. Police spokeswoman Heidi Davidson on Monday said the thefts remain under investigation, but couldn’t confirm yet whether they were related. “Part of the investigation will certainly be to compare the details of the crimes, including any evidence we’ve been able to collect, to find commonalities, and see if we can identify a link,” Davidson wrote in an email. “We remind business owners to be alert to these types of crimes and make sure you’ve trained and empowered employees who handle cash to be observant and employ tactics to check the authenticity of cash transactions, whether that be through training or tools like a counterfeit detection pen,” Davidson wrote. Counterfeit detection pens are used to mark bills with ink that changes to a specific color on counterfeit bills. COMMENTS TOP JOBS Assistant Or Associate Professor Of Physician Assistant Studies/physician Assistant Program Director Department of KinesiologyASSISTANT or ASSOCIATE PROFESSOR ofPHYSICIAN... Rn, Lpn, Cna And Cook Mantey Heights Rehab & Care CentreNew Wage ScaleFT, PT &am... Full Time Teller/csr Full Time Teller/CSRposition with benefits including paid time... Rn, Lpn Or Ma 4-5 days/week in Medical Specialty office w/benefits.Experience r... Accountant Delta-Montrose ElectricAssociation & Elevatecurrent job openi... City Of Grand Junction Opportunities Now hiring for the following positions:Certified & Lateral Police Off... Search More Jobs GJSENTINEL.COM Sections • Grand Junction News • Grand Junction Weather • Grand Junction Opinion • Grand Junction Sports • Grand Junction Lifestyle • Grand Junction Entertainment • Grand Junction Blogs • Grand Junction Obituaries Contact • Staff directory • Send a news tip • Corrections • Report a broken link • Submit a letter to the Editor • Submit a You Said It • Sign up for Email Updates Marketplace • Grand Junction Classifieds • Find Grand Junction Jobs • Grand Junction Real Estate • Grand Junction Rentals • Grand Junction Cars • Place an ad THE DAILY SENTINEL 734 S. Seventh St. Grand Junction, CO 81501 970-242-5050; M-F 8:00 - 5:00 Editions • Subscribe to print edition • E-edition Advertisers • Advertiser Tearsheet • Information © 2017 Grand Junction Media, Inc. By using this site you agree to the Visitor Agreement and the Privacy Policy
Politics Entertainment World U.S. Tech Arts + Culture Drink + Food Style Photo Illustration by The Daily Beast Double Deal Russia Gave to Citgo, Then Citgo Gave to Trump Many big oil companies funded Trump’s inauguration. Only one is deeply in debt to the Kremlin. Dr. Vanessa Neumann 04.27.17 5:00 AM ET The oil company’s half-million donation to Donald Trump’s Inaugural Committee wasn’t illegal. But it certainly wasn’t moral. And the cash may have come from the Kremlin, at least indirectly. Recently released Federal Election Commission filings show that Citgo, the U.S. subsidiary of the Venezuelan oil company Petróleos de Venezuela (known as PDVSA) gave Trump more money than Shell or Walmart. The donation is unusual for PDVSA: Citgo had not donated to previous presidential inaugural committees. Citgo’s donation to the Trump Inaugural Committee and the horrifying images emerging from Venezuela’s weeks of brutally repressed protests (26 killed, 437 injured, and 1,289 arrested—according to Venezuela’s attorney general; Venezuelan prisoner rights NGO Foro Penal says 1,536 have been “detained” as of April 25) are connected: Russian money and influence is behind both of them. Some of those detained are tortured in Venezuela’s equivalent of CIA headquarters, known as “The Tomb,” for its subterranean torture chambers. The Inaugural Committee donation came days after Citgo (a Delaware-incorporated company with operational headquarters in Houston) mortgaged 49.9 percent of its holdings to Rosneft, an oil company controlled by the Kremlin. That enabled Citgo’s parent company PDVSA to make its bond payments. Rosneft is sanctioned by the U.S. Treasury Department. So is its CEO, Igor Sechin, “Russia’s Darth Vader.” One of the most feared men in Russia, Sechin is close to Vladimir Putin and is one of Putin’s key instruments of geopolitical power. Net net: If Venezuela defaults on its bond payments, Rosneft (i.e., Putin & Co.) could own several refineries, nine pipelines, and distribution terminals all across the Eastern U.S., from Texas to Maine, without any government oversight. If the Russians end up owning Citgo, they will be using American consumers to fund their autocracy and Assad’s brutality in Syria. “We are extremely concerned that Rosneft’s control of a major U.S. energy supplier could pose a grave threat to American energy security, impact the flow and price of gasoline for American consumers, and expose critical U.S. infrastructure to national security threats,” a bipartisan group of six senators wrote in a letter to Treasury Secretary Steven Mnuchin earlier this month. The U.S. government is playing catch up. House Committee on Foreign Affairs Subcommittee on the Western Hemisphere’s Chairman and Ranking Member have both called for an investigation and CFIUS review to find out “if Rosneft is already the owner of Citgo.” (CFIUS is the multi-agency Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, made up of the secretary of the Treasury, secretary of Justice, secretary of Homeland Security, secretary of Commerce, secretary of Defense, secretary of State, secretary of Energy, the U.S. Trade Representative, and the head of the Office of Science and Technology Policy.) The Citgo acquisition never underwent a CFIUS review: not when PDVSA bought 50 percent in 1986, nor when it bought the remained in 1990. Venezuela was then an ally of the United States. That is no longer the case: The Venezuelan regime under former President Hugo Chávez and since have become avowed enemies of the U.S. and allied themselves closely with Russia, Iran, China, and Syria. Venezuela’s current vice president, Tareck el-Aissami, is Hezbollah’s bagman and a drug trafficker, like most of the Venezuelan government elite (PDF). In February, Trump sanctioned el-Aissami under the Kingpin Act, which gave Venezuelans hope that Trump would be more proactive in countering their growing dictatorship. As Venezuelan protesters get tear gassed from helicopters, beaten by police or assassinated by government proxy gangs, they tweet their desperate pleas for U.S. government help to Secretary of State Rex Tillerson, the president, Sen. Marco Rubio, and even Ivanka Trump, but to no avail. Oil was the “national patrimony,” that would always save Venezuela: When I was a child in elementary school in Caracas, we had little pots of petroleum and posters of oil rigs at sunset over Lake Maracaibo. Now oil is the weapon the regime uses against its people. Shady Russian oil money may have even been behind the current mass demonstrations in Venezuela. On March 30, the Venezuelan Supreme Court decreed it would assume all National Assembly legislative functions, effectively dissolving it: a self-coup, called autogolpe in Spanish because it has happened before in Latin America. The Maduro regime wanted to sign oil deals the opposition-controlled National Assembly would not approve. What Venezuelan President Nicolás Maduro was after was more money from Rosneft. International condemnation of the coup was swift and broad, so the next day, the Supreme Court issued a statement that it had reversed its decision—but it quietly kept its power to sign oil deals. The dragon of Venezuelan citizen anger has been unleashed: cancelled elections, hunger, death from disease and lack of medicines, hyperinflation that means a bag full of money can’t buy you bread… which you can’t find anyway. All are instigated by a kleptocracy estimated to have funneled hundreds of billions into personal foreign bank accounts and made Venezuela into the world’s biggest transit point for cocaine and a major funder of Hezbollah. The Maduro regime is a security threat no matter how you count it, with the worst yet to come. Once a staunch U.S. ally with deep, century-old ties to the Rockefeller family, Venezuela is now the biggest failed state in the Western Hemisphere. The U.S. military’s Southern Command chief, Adm. Kurt Tidd, testified before Congress on April 6 that Venezuela could destabilize the entire region. If not resolved soon, the crisis may well result in an outflow of 30 million people: bigger than the Syrian refugee crisis and in our own hemisphere. Likely to be most affected is neighboring Colombia, which the U.S. has spent more than $10 billion stabilizing under Plan Colombia, to keep it from being a failed state under the pincer pressures of drug trafficking and drug-funded terrorist insurgencies, of which the Revolutionary Armed Forces of Colombia (FARC) is the biggest. Just when Colombia is stable and the Colombian government is on the verge of reaching peace with the FARC, which it has fought since 1964, it faces destabilization from its neighbor. Two years ago Colombian President Juan Manuel Santos was asked: “What keeps you up at night? The FARC?” “No,” Santos answered. “Venezuela.” Get The Beast In Your Inbox! Daily DigestStart and finish your day with the top stories from The Daily Beast. Cheat SheetA speedy, smart summary of all the news you need to know (and nothing you don't). By clicking "Subscribe," you agree to have read the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy Subscribe Thank You! You are now subscribed to the Daily Digest and Cheat Sheet. We will not share your email with anyone for any reason April 19 was the “Mother of All Protests”: 6 million Venezuelans turned out to demonstrate that they want the elections that were supposed to be held last December. The next day Maduro announced he would give out 500,000 weapons to civilian militias to defend his Bolivarian Revolution: a revolution that has people dying and eating trash in a country with the world’s largest oil reserves. Never mind that some he was arming to fight for him were old, hungry, and didn’t even have shoes. Santos promptly dispatched his Foreign Minister to ask the UN “to investigate the militarization of Venezuelan society.” Hungry millions rushing his borders brandishing weapons is the Colombian president’s worst nightmare. Venezuela’s other neighbors are less tempting: Guyana is poor and the Brazilian border is buffered by thick jungle on both sides. The other options are “the ABCs:” life rafts to Aruba, Bonaire, and Curaçao, which belong to the Netherlands. That is already happening. At every meeting I attend in Washington, D.C., on Venezuela, the Dutch are there; so are Shell and ExxonMobil. They are waiting for the Maduro regime to tip over and swoop in for the privatization of the world’s largest oil reserves for “the price of a skinny chicken,” as we say in Spanish. Halliburton maintains legal representation in Caracas and is poised to strike deals at just the right time, and Shell reckons the problem with Venezuelan oil is its management: It has calculated that it could turn a profit in 6.8 years, where it would take the current regime 200 years. Venezuelans would now welcome nearly anything that removes resources from this kleptocracy and brings economic development with rule of law and protection of private property. The opposition leaders (including my distant cousin Maria Corina Machado) are mostly U.S.-educated and from industrialist families. But when the time comes, political history may color local sentiment toward American business. Obama did nothing, and former Rep. Joe Kennedy famously appeared in ads praising Hugo Chávez for Citgo giving Boston cheap heating oil. Now that Chávez’s successor’s brutality is on full display, the whole Kennedy clan I’m sure would rather we forget. But Venezuelans don’t. And now the Rosneft-Citgo-Trump story is widespread and will soon give another target for opposition rage: financial complicity as a reason for U.S. inaction. If American companies don’t want to be viewed as part of the same kleptocratic swamp that has engulfed Venezuela and drowned its people, they should encourage the administration to politely return the money it has been given by the abuser of 30 million hungry and tortured Venezuelans it once called friends. Dr. Vanessa Neumann is a Venezuelan-American and president of the trade integrity and political risk consultancy Asymmetrica. Her book Blood Profits: How American Consumers Unwittingly Fund Terrorists will be published by St. Martin’s Press this autumn. READ THIS LIST 1 New Trump-Russia Link Discovered Dr. Vanessa Neumann About Advertise Contact Jobs Help Privacy Code of Ethics & Standards Terms & Conditions Copyright & Trademark © 2017 The Daily Beast Company LLC
Skip to main content Minnesota Public Radio Give Now Search MPR Minnesota Public Radio MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR More Streams Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Sections MPR News coverage Arts Books Business Education Environment Health Lifestyle Politics State Twin Cities NewsCut Weather MPR News programs Morning Edition All Things Considered MPR News with Kerri Miller MPR News with Tom Weber More programs MPR News resources Program schedule Station directory Podcasts Archive Members More ways to give Give a gift membership Employer matching gifts Leadership Circle Planned giving Donate a vehicle Donate stock Member benefits Sustaining membership Contact us Become a member More MPR Services MPR News The Current Classical MPR Radio Heartland Local Current Wonderground Radio Choral Classical Minnesota Public Radio About MPR Contact info Stations Careers Staff directory Company information Press room Members Events Shop Give Now Search MPR Listen 0:00 Member Supported • Join Now Program Schedule • Station Directory Sponsor Sponsor Scarsella gets 15 years for shooting 5 at Jamar Clark protest Issues MPR News Staff · Apr 26, 2017 Allen Scarsella was convicted of shooting Black Lives Matter protesters outside the 4th Precinct. Hennepin County Sheriff's Office Listen Story audio Apr 27, 2017 3min 54sec Updated 2:43 p.m. | Posted 2:08 p.m. Allen Scarsella, the Bloomington man convicted of shooting and wounding five men at a protest over the 2015 police killing of Jamar Clark, was sentenced Wednesday to 15 years in prison. The shooting happened Nov. 23, 2015, a little over a week after Clark was shot and killed by a Minneapolis police officer. Clark's shooting set off weeks of protests, including an extended encampment outside the 4th Precinct police station in north Minneapolis. Scarsella, 25, testified during his trial that he was not sympathetic to the protesters, so he went to the encampment site to make fun of them and record some video. When protesters chased him away down a dark street that night, Scarsella claimed he felt threatened, so he pulled out his gun and fired in self-defense. • Full coverage: Jamar Clark shooting During his trial, prosecutors presented evidence that Scarsella, who is white, was motivated by racial bias to shoot the protesters, who are all black. The prosecution showed jurors a trail of racist text messages that Scarsella sent to his friends. Paramedics tend to one of the shooting victims. Christopher Juhn for MPR News file In some cases, he referred to black people as chimps; another text message mentioned shooting "black guys;" he texted his girlfriend from a Wal-Mart complaining of "smelly brown people" at the store. • Scarsella's texts: A trail of racist message to his friends Scarsella said he was joking and that the text messages were only meant to be shared with friends who knew he wasn't serious. One of his victims, however, told the court of the deep damage Scarsella had done to him. "Right now, still to this day, I can't work because of the pain ... I can't provide for my family," shooting victim Cameron Clark told Judge Hilary Caligiuri prior to the sentencing as Scarsella sat nearby in a jail-issued orange jumpsuit. Clark was shot in the leg with the bullet narrowly missing an artery. • One victim's pain: A lingering nightmare and a damaged leg • Breakdown: The case, by the numbers Defense attorney Laura Heinrich told the judge prior to sentencing that Scarsella was remorseful about the shooting. "That is something he feels deeply sorry about," she said. She pressed the court for a probationary sentence, warning that descriptions of the crime as a "racially motivated mass shooting puts Mr. Scarsella in a position where he's likely going to be targeted for violent conduct" in prison. Retribution, she said, was not the goal of sentencing. Scarsella was found guilty on a total of 12 counts, including assault with a dangerous weapon and riot. Before hearing his sentence, he told the judge Wednesday he was remorseful that he'd hurt people. "I'll live with that for the rest of my life, he said. "It's not what I wanted. I wish that it hadn't happened." Scarsella will be required to serve at least two-thirds of his 15-year sentence in prison, Caligiuri said. He was facing as many as 19 years in prison. Before the sentencing, Cameron Clark told the judge that Scarsella should have been on trial for premeditated murder. Had the roles been reversed, Clark added, and it had been him, a black man, shooting white people, the law would have come down heavier. The courtroom was packed. Before beginning the hearing, Caligiuri asked people sitting in the gallery, as well as the court staff sitting in the jury box, to refrain from making any audible reactions to any of the words spoken by anyone during the proceeding. Just before passing sentence, Caligiuri told Scarsella she was amazed that people, particularly well-educated people, "still held such repugnant ideas in this days and age." She said she didn't know if that's really what he believed or if it was just preening for an audience. "Either way, you brought a loaded gun" to the protest, she said. "I don't believe for a second you wore a mask that night because it was cold ... The only saving grace is that your shots didn't kill their targets." Stay Informed The news on your schedule from MPR News Update Email Address* Zip Code MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition See our Privacy Policy. Must be age 13. Previous Listen: A majority of Americans find tax system unfair 20 hours ago Next Minnesota woman gets probation for supporting al-Shabab 20 hours ago Broadcast dates MPR News Update 3:01 PM · Apr 26, 2017 MPR News Update 7:28 AM · Apr 27, 2017 About the author MPR News Staff • Reporter Help us cover this story MPR News apps for Android and iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for iOS MPR News for Android MPR Radio for iOS MPR Radio for Android MPR News Podcasts The Ticker Kerri Miller Tom Weber Brains On All Podcasts @MPRNews Facebook newsroom@mpr.org Tips: 651-290-1424 Subscribe to email newsletters MPR News Update AM Edition MPR News Update PM Edition Capitol View The Thread Listen Live Program Schedule Station Directory Audio Help About Minnesota Public Radio Contact Us Shop Become a Member Volunteer Fundraising Credentials Terms of use Your privacy rights Public Inspection Files © 2017 Minnesota Public Radio. All rights reserved. Weather data powered by Forecast.
Sections News Obituaries State Courts/Police Data Center Business Coughlin School Work: W-B Area school projects Graduation Amazing Kids Sports Varsity Voice Varsity570 Gameface RailRiders Penguins College Hooper Award Classic Wildlife Penn State National Sports Pro Golf Arts & Living Bazaars Community JumpStart! Calendar Games People Food and Drink Schools Hot Shot Couponing Festivals Blogs Penn State Blog RailRiders Varsity Voice Penguins Insider College Corner Take 2 Blog Editor's Note Photo Blog Wildlife Blog Facebook The Citizens' Voice CV Sports JumpStart! Pittston Progress NEPA Bazaars Submit Send in community announcements, new tips, weddings, engagements and anniversaries Opinion Editorials Letters Classifieds Classifieds NEPAAutoSource Real Estate Jobs Contact Presspass Become a carrier Trial Print Subscriptions Print Advertising Shopping Circulars Coupons Marketplace e-Edition Subscribe READ THE CITIZENS' VOICE Access the Citizens' Voice e-Edition on your computer or smart device in its original print format. Home delivery subscribers can read it free! Subscribe to home delivery Digital Only Subscription Read the digital e-Edition of The Citizens' Voice on your PC or mobile device, and have 24/7 access to breaking news, local sports, contests, and more at citizensvoice.com or on our mobile apps. Digital Services Have news alerts sent to your mobile device or email, read the e-Edition, sign up for daily newsletters, enter contests, take quizzes, download our mobile apps and see the latest e-circulars. Contact Us   Manage your subscription, update your subscriber information, see frequently asked questions or request customer service support. News • Obituaries • Sports • Arts & Living • Opinion • Contact • e-Edition • Classifieds Kingston couple plead guilty to raiding church account POLL Do you agree with the jury that Eric Frein deserves the death penalty? Yes No Show results This poll is not scientific and is meant for entertainment purposes. Got a news tip? We welcome readers’ input. Send your story ideas or news tips here. (read more) Facebook Like us to get local news and more delivered to your news feed. (read more) Tweets by @CitizensVoice Most Read Recent Comments Neglected mausoleum ‘a terrible situation’ Geisinger offers to donate 55 acres for new high school Man killed in violent I-80 crash Crabby's Seafood Grill brings taste of New Orleans to Dallas Suspects flee WB shooting, chase Obituaries Barbacci, Mary Patricia Cooper Sr., Livingston Dervinis, George Wesley Dwyer, Eoin F. Gurbst, Evelyn S. Rudick, Joseph Sincavage, Judith Skupski, John E. Szewczyk, Walter Warnagiris Sr., George John James Halpin / Published: April 27, 2017 Article Tools Font size – + Share This     THE CITIZENS’ VOICE FILE Keith and Cherie White of Kingston pleaded guilty to two felony theft-related charges each under a plea deal with prosecutors. KINGSTON — The congregation at Holy Trinity Lutheran Church trusted Cherie and Keith White with nearly everything, giving them unfettered access to the church’s finances. The Whites took advantage of that faith by neglecting to pay bills, including those for taxes and insurance, as they raided church coffers to the tune of $175,000, according to prosecutors. During a years-long series of thefts, the Kingston couple racked up tabs for dinners, veterinary bills, clothing and shopping trips to Walmart in a scheme motivated by “pure and simple greed,” the church’s pastor, the Rev. Paul Metzloff, said Wednesday. “They were living the big life on the congregation’s nickel,” Metzloff said. “They wanted to live a lot higher a lifestyle than they actually earned, so they stole.” The Whites on Wednesday admitted to the crime, pleading guilty to two felony theft-related charges each under a plea deal with prosecutors that resulted in additional charges being dismissed. Cherie White, 45, pleaded guilty to theft and access device fraud; while Keith White, 52, pleaded guilty to access device fraud and conspiracy to commit theft. They declined to comment as they left the courtroom. Assistant District Attorney Gregory S. Skibitsky Jr. said prosecutors agreed to the deal because the Whites each pleaded to the most serious charge they were facing and agreed to make restitution, avoiding the need for a costly trial in an unfortunate case. “Here you have a situation where two folks, a husband and wife, were placed in a position of trust with the church and essentially, because of that position of trust and because of their abuse of that trust, they were allowed to really victimize the church, the church members, the church employees for a period of years,” Skibitsky said. “Realistically, because of their abuse of that position of trust, they put an entire church community at risk.” According to prosecutors, the thefts began in 2010 when Cherie White, the church’s former secretary, got an unauthorized debit card linked to the church’s checking account. Metzloff said the couple had been involved in the church for years and that Cherie White began working there as an administrative assistant. She eventually gained responsibility for paying bills, while Keith White became the church president. “At some point the two of them realized that people trusted them and that they could take advantage of that,” Metzloff said. “They acted like they were friends to many people, and clearly they were not. We were not their friends. We were their dupes.” Over the years, the Whites — who were the only people with access to the church’s accounts — used the debit card to make $97,000 in “questionable” transactions, while also writing themselves tens of thousands of dollars in extra paychecks, according to prosecutors. The couple was finally caught last year after it became apparent the church was “hemorrhaging huge amounts of money” and the church council demanded financial information from the Whites, who had resisted previous inquiries, Metzloff said. In accepting their pleas, Luzerne County Judge David W. Lupas allowed the couple to remain free on unsecured bail pending sentencing July 6. The judge also ordered the Whites to pay $174,482 in restitution. Metzloff said that amount is what was verified as stolen and doesn’t include pilfered cash, unpaid taxes and a three-year lapse in the church’s insurance coverage the Whites allowed. The actual loss to the church is closer to $250,000, he said. “They did all kinds of damage to the congregation to hide their theft,” Metzloff said. “They drove the congregation almost to extinction. If they had not been caught when they were, another year or two we would be closed. Going to the edge of the cliff and coming back can be scary, but we’re back from it a good ways now.” Contact the writer:   570-821-2058, @cvjimhalpin We welcome user discussion on our site, under the following guidelines: To comment you must first create a profile and sign-in with a verified DISQUS account or social network ID. Sign up here. Comments in violation of the rules will be denied, and repeat violators will be banned. Please help police the community by flagging offensive comments for our moderators to review. By posting a comment, you agree to our full terms and conditions. Click here to read terms and conditions. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus 75 N. Washington St. Wilkes-Barre, PA 18701 (570) 821-2000 CONTACT US Copyright ©2016 The Citizens' Voice PRIVACY POLICY | OPINION POSTING POLICY | ABOUT OUR ADS | Questions or comments? CONTACT US SUBSCRIBE HOME DELIVERY DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTIONS NEWSLETTERS ALERTS NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS LIFESTYLES BUSINESS OPINION CONTACT JOBS CLASSIFIEDS MARKETPLACE PLACE AN AD FIND WILKES-BARRE JOBS Facebook Twitter      
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Home News Local News State News Business Politics Local Crime & Police News Nation and World Discover Aiken County Photo Galleries Local Gas Prices Police Scanners Submit News Videos 150th Anniversary Sports Local Sports High School Football College Football Equestrian Sports Triple Crown USC Aiken Golf Prep Sports National Sports Spurs and Feathers Sports Photo Galleries Game of the Week Education Entertainment Games Local Events Events Calendar Features Names and Notes Religion News Local Health News Home and Garden Food News Pet News Announcements & Celebrations Celebration Photo Galleries Feature Columns Order DVD Opinions and Editorials Editorials and Opinions Opinion Columns Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Obituaries e-Edition Historical Archives Classifieds Jobs Auto Real Estate Marketplace Place an Ad Sponsored Content Special Sections Careers 66° Clear Aiken, SC (29801) Today Areas of patchy fog early. Sunshine and clouds mixed. High 91F. Winds SSW at 5 to 10 mph.. Tonight Mainly clear skies. Low 68F. Winds SSE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 28, 2017 @ 2:35 am Full Forecast Toggle navigation Menu Buy & Sell Classifieds Jobs Auto Real Estate Marketplace Place an Ad Customer Service About Media Kit Become a Member Mobile Apps Newsletters Rack Locations Staff Submit Legal Notices Special Sections Subscribe e-Edition Obituaries Close By Holly Kemp top story State news in brief for April 27 ASSOCIATED PRESS Apr 27, 2017 Updated 17 hrs ago (…) By Holly Kemp Lawsuit: Bar owner assaulted student COLUMBIA — A University of South Carolina student is suing the owner of a bar he says needlessly assaulted him during a fight over the St. Patrick's Day weekend. Daniel Wells faces a criminal assault charge. But senior engineering student Ryan Chisolm's civil lawsuit filed Wednesday seeks monetary damages for the injuries he suffered last month, including a broken jaw, nose and teeth. Chisolm says he was drinking at Carolina Pour House last month when he was pushed out during a fight. Chisolm says Wells put him in a chokehold, rendered him unconscious and threw his body to the ground. An attorney listed as representing Chisolm on the criminal charge didn't immediately return an email request for comment on the civil suit. S.C. officers wound suspect who shot at them COLUMBIA — South Carolina police officers have wounded a suspect who fired at them after shooting a man at a gasoline station. Columbia Police Chief Skip Holbrook said the shooting happened Wednesday about midday at a Wal-Mart parking lot. Holbrook said officers were called about someone acting erratically. He said as officers arrived, a man ran out of the store and toward a nearby gas station, where he shot and wounded a person pumping gas. Holbrook said the suspect ran toward officers, firing at them. They returned fire. Both the person pumping gasoline and the suspect are in surgery. There was no word on their conditions. Holbrook said two officers fired. The State Law Enforcement Division is investigating. They did not release the races of the officers or the wounded suspect. 5 hurt when pickup truck, bus collide GREER — Five people were hurt when a pickup truck and a South Carolina school bus collided. The wreck happened shortly after 7:30 a.m. Wednesday near Greer. Four students were taken to a hospital with injuries that were not considered to be life-threatening. Greer police spokesman Jim Holcombe says the driver of the pickup truck was trapped for more than an hour before he could be taken to a hospital. There was no immediate word on his condition. Greenville County schools spokeswoman Beth Brotherton said there were 20 Greer middle and high school students on the bus. Brotherton said the school bus driver said the pickup driver crossed the center line of state Highway 101 and hit the bus. Deputy fired after charges of harassing estranged wife PICKENS — A Pickens County Sheriff's deputy has been arrested and fired for stalking and threatening his estranged wife and her boyfriend. News outlets report the Pickens County Sheriff's Office said in a police report that Deputy First Class Michael McClatchy was originally put on administrative leave pending the outcome of an investigation but was fired after Easley police filed two counts of harassment against him Tuesday. McClatchy is accused of following and harassing the couple after a court-ordered exchange of children in a parking lot. The boyfriend told police McClatchy made obscene gestures, threatened to beat him and mentioned he had a gun. The man also says McClatchy followed their car and beat on its windows when they stopped. It's unclear if he has a lawyer. Tags State Briefs Most Popular Articles Collections Articles Aiken school district sets new school hours, discusses discipline, enrollment trends Aiken man hits hole-in-one at Relay For Life Aiken Golf Classic, wins new car One man hospitalized following motorcycle wreck on Silver Bluff Road in Aiken Aiken murder of Ann Fox Smith nears a decade without an arrest Two teens charged with murdering New Ellenton man found in trailer fire Aldi will reopen Aiken store with fresh look SLED, Aiken deputies investigating fatal fire in New Ellenton Aiken, Barnwell county high schools among best in state Aiken City Council approves 60 Kensington townhomes Body of missing Augusta man found, two Beech Island men charged Collections Mid-Day Lions Annual Luncheon Strawberry Festival Walk for Animals Earth Day Aiken 2017 "DQ" Sets Up Camp on Edgefield Road Wine & Sign Muskets, Music and Monarchy Kids Flood Greeneway for Earth Day Aiken Spring Classic Masters Special Olympics Friends2Follow Newspaper Ads Mouse-over to read or click for more info. See All Ads Site Links About Staff Mobile Apps Newsletters Become-a-member Media Kit Opinions and Editorials Classifieds Privacy Policy Related Properties The Post and Courier - Charleston, SC Georgetown Times - Georgetown, SC South Strand News - Pawleys Island & Murrells Inlet, SC The Gazette - Goose Creek, SC The News - Kingstree, SC The Berkeley Independent - Moncks Corner, SC Moultrie News - Mount Pleasant, SC The Star - North Augusta, SC Journal Scene - Summerville, SC Free-Times - Columbia, SC Evening Post Books - Charleston, SC Contact Information Aiken Standard 326 Rutland Drive N.W., PO Box 456 Aiken, SC 29801 Phone: 1-803-648-2311 Email: support@aikenstandard.com © , Aiken Standard, an Evening Post Industries company. All rights reserved. | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy
» · DonaldTrump · Trump · Republicans · Democrats · Community · Immigration · Politics · Obamacare · trumpcare · PaulRyan · GOP · HealthCare · ClimateChange · Environment · Progressives · Media · Elections · Senate · Budget · Education · AffordableCareAct · Congress · 2018 · repeal · Russia · Science · FoxNews · Vote · borderwall · MichaelFlynn Sign up Log in 0 Messages New Blog Entry Drafts View/Edit My Profile Image Library My Groups My Stories My Activity Stream My Comments Subscribe to hide ads Show Ads Hide Ads Log out   Blog It! Help Join the mailing list News Front Page Elections Labor Comics Daily Kos Liberation League Radio   More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Community Recommended Most Shared Recent Stories Community Spotlight GROUPS Readers and Book Lovers Science Matters ClassWarfare Newsletter More... More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Action Sign the petition: Appoint a special prosecutor on Russia's ties to the Trump campaign Much of the intelligence has been declassified, and 17 federal agencies agree: The Russian government interfered in our... Sign if you agree: Jeff Sessions must resign, and a special prosecutor must investigate Trump's ties to Russia At his Senate confirmation hearing, Attorney General Jeff Sessions lied under oath that he had never had contact with the... Sign the petition: Don't mess with Social Security! Donald Trump campaigned on protecting Social Security and Medicare, but like most Trump scams we are already seeing that... See All 10 Campaigns » Daily Kos Labor Queue Stream Members Following Profile In Minnesota, Walmart-style education is not a figure of speech By Laura Clawson   Tuesday Apr 25, 2017 · 12:11 PM PDT 2017/04/25 · 12:11 62 Comments Share this article 55 55 55 Add to Blog RSS Update Edit Administration Un-Rescue Rescue REBLOGGED BY TAGS CharterSchools Education Minnesota Privatization Walmart Edit Tags Tag History × Tag History No history yet. Done Editing Tags 62 Comments Share this article 55 55 55 Here’s the effort to kill public schools in action. There are 36,000 students in Minneapolis-St. Paul public schools, Ed Hive MN’s Rob Levine reports. There are about 25,000 students in charter schools in the area, and charter backers have a plan to create another 30,000 seats in charter schools in the next few years. Where is all the money coming from to start these charter schools? A lot of different rich people and their personal foundations, but one name in particular stands out: Walton, as in the Walmart Waltons. One foundation – the Walton Family Foundation – heirs to the Walmart fortune, has started or helped to start 70 Minnesota charter schools, or 28% of all charter schools ever opened in the state. Of those 70 startups only 46 are still operating, representing 26% of all charters operating in the state. One in four charter schools in the entire state of Minnesota got Walmart money to start. Does anything in their record, anything in how they do business, make you think the Waltons are doing this out of concern for Minnesota children? No. This is about privatizing America—and breaking down the idea that the government should work for the public good. 62 Comments Share this article 55 55 55 62 Comments Comment Settings Close Settings Auto refresh Collapse on load Show hidden Show until I hide Comments are closed on this story. ( f ) Recommend ( r ) Reply More hints... ( p ) Parent ( o ) Open/Close ( j ) Next Unread ( k ) Prev Unread ( J ) Next ( K ) Prev Back to Story Show Parent Thread Recommended list Most Shared © Kos Media, LLC Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Privacy Policy Daily Kos Front Page Elections Labor Radio Comics RSS About Masthead History Writers Terms Rules of the Road DMCA Copyright Notice Endorsements Privacy Merchandise Shirts Advertising Advertising Overview Stats for advertisers Contact Media Inquiries General Inquiries Jobs × Close Close Close Save changes
Skip to content Independent news source for Breckenridge, Frisco, Dillon, Keystone, Copper, and Silverthorne, Colorado – snow and skiing, local and world events, climate, wildlife, environment, forests and more Search Summit County Citizens Voice Major U.S. companies urge Trump to stay in Paris climate deal The Paris agreement is the world’s best chance of limiting global warming and avoiding major climate disruptions. @bberwyn photo. Global agreement helps manage climate risks, generates jobs Staff Report Major companies, including across the U.S. economy are urging President Trump to keep the United States in the Paris climate change agreement. The U.S. must stay at the table to help steer efforts to manage rising climate risks and compete in expanding global clean energy markets, according to a letter to the president Trump organized by the Center for Climate and Energy Solutions. “By committing all countries to action, the agreement expands markets for innovative clean technologies, generating jobs and economic growth,” the letter says. “U.S. companies are well positioned to lead, and lack of U.S. participation could put their access to these growing markets at risk.’’ The letter was signed by BP, DuPont, General Mills, Google, Intel, Microsoft, National Grid, Novartis Corporation, PG&E, Schneider Electric, Shell, Unilever and Walmart. These Fortune 500 companies are among the top U.S. retail, tech, power, energy, pharmaceutical, manufacturing, and consumer goods companies, with a combined market capitalization of nearly $2.5 trillion. The Paris Agreement has been ratified by 143 countries, including the United States. The White House has said a decision on whether to stay in the agreement is due before the president attends the G7 Summit in Italy in late May. The companies told the president that U.S. participation in the Paris Agreement helps them compete and plan future investments by ensuring a more balanced global climate effort, setting long-term objectives, improving transparency, and encouraging market-based approaches to minimize costs. The letter also notes that strengthening global action over time will reduce future climate impacts that damage or disrupt business facilities and operations, supply chains, agricultural productivity, and water supplies. “U.S. business interests are best served by a stable and practical framework facilitating an effective and balanced global response,” the letter says. “We believe the Paris Agreement provides such a framework.” C2ES President Bob Perciasepe said, “Business leaders recognize the costly impacts of climate change, and the opportunities for jobs and growth in a clean technology future.” “Corporate leadership was critical to delivering the Paris Agreement,” Perciasepe said. “But the agreement will only achieve its full promise if the U.S. stays on board. These companies from across the U.S. economy are laying out the clear business case for doing just that.” Paris Agreement Q&A Summary of the Paris Agreement Advertisements Share this: Reddit Twitter Google Facebook Email Like this: Like Loading... Related climate and weather extreme weather global warming Bob Berwyn April 26, 2017 business economy global warming Paris climate agreement Trump Post navigation Sunday set: Global change Bill would end searches of electronic devices for U.S. citizens returning from travel abroad One thought on “Major U.S. companies urge Trump to stay in Paris climate deal” GarryRogers says: April 26, 2017 at 7:13 pm We couldn’t (wouldn’t) meet our emissions goals anyway. Staying in would just be a good public-relations strategy. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Blog at WordPress.com. Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
  Sök bland 68262 doktorsavhandlingar från svenska högskolor och universitet! Visa bara avhandlingar i fulltext   Gör en mer avancerad sökning » Sökning: "Big%2B4" Hittade 0 avhandlingar innehållade ordet Big%2B4. Din sökning efter "Big%2B4" gav tyvärr inget resultat. Är du säker på att stavningen är korrekt? Testa att söka igen, med andra söktermer! Sökningar just nu Charlotte Engel exercise tests historia psykologi stress Kosmologi Climate change ethnic tensions Materials chemistry makt och motstånd Boris Kharkov African-Americans Gerd Pettersson Populära sökningar kungamakten massification design urease it competitive Environmental Kuznets Curve patients experiences Participatory planning Magnus Själander backcasting adpic acid vad är en teori electron localization Avhandlingar med många visningar igår (2017-04-27) Advanced Kalman Filtering Approaches to Bayesian State Estimation Determination of molecular structure and order in liquid crystals by NMR en studie i... Medier och brott Interactions of Prion Proteins and PrP-derived Peptides in Scrapie infection Material characterisation for analyses of titanium sheet metal forming Combustion Engine Models for Hybrid Vehicle System Development On numbers badly approximable by q-adic rationals CPU Resource Management and Noise Filtering for PID Control Genetic evaluation of behaviour in dogs Lived transitions experiences of learning and inclusion among newly arrived students Se gårdagens mest populära sökningar här.
Home Tools Solano News California / US / World Opinion Features Entertainment Sports Business Real Estate Obituaries Gallery Classifieds 7,878 123 FAIRFIELD-SUISUN, CALIFORNIA Suisun City Suisun police step up efforts to deal with crime By Ian Thompson From page A1 | April 28, 2017 ShareTweet ShareTweet SUISUN CITY — Expanding the neighborhood watch program to increase the number of residents keeping an eye out for criminal activity was one of the efforts Suisun City Police Chief Tim Mattos announced Thursday night. “We need people to step up to become block captains,” Mattos told a well-attended town hall meeting of about 175 people on the city’s crime problem, held at the Kroc Center. Mattos said his department is doing all it can, but he wants to get the word out more that the city’s residents need to be the department’s very necessary “eyes and ears who know when something is out of place.” In order to get residents and businesses to report alarms to the police more quickly and reliably, Mattos also said there would be a 60-day moratorium on fines for multiple false alarms. Mattos and other police representatives used the evening to update residents on the investigations into several crimes that have plagued Suisun City since early March. That has included a series of robberies during April, a recurring spate of home burglaries and two separate April 22 shootings. With regard to the early morning gunshots fired at the Ovation Ultra Lounge on Main Street, Mattos said “info is coming in” and police have talked to the business to revise how they are doing business so such an incident doesn’t happen again. The 7 p.m. drive-by shooting on Canvasback Lane has been a tougher investigation because the victim has been uncooperative, Mattos told the audience. With regard to the two Walmart robberies, Mattos said the department has been meeting with Walmart to improve its video system. The home burglaries that hit Suisun City on March 17, March 31 and April 12 are still unsolved despite video of some of the involved vehicles. The criminals have been hitting unoccupied houses but Mattos said he is concerned that they may eventually hit a house that the crooks don’t realize is occupied, “and there is going to be a confrontation.” “We have to put a stop to this and that’s where you come in,” Mattos said, adding that “each of you should know what looks normal at your house.” He told the audience that he has put police volunteer Maureen Johnson to the task of establishing and coordinating a more extensive neighborhood watch program. Anyone interested in becoming block captains can email her at [email protected] , Mattos said. Reach Ian Thompson at 427-6976 or [email protected] . Follow him on Twitter at www.twitter.com/ithompsondr. ShareTweet ShareTweet Ian Thompson Ian Thompson has worked for the Daily Republic longer than he cares to remember. A native of Oregon and a graduate of the University of Oregon, he pines for the motherland still. He covers Vacaville and Travis Air Force Base for the Daily Republic. He is an avid military history buff, wargamer and loves the great outdoors. Story Archive @ithompsondr on Twitter Leave a Comment Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name (required) Email* (will not be published)(required) Website* Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Discussion | 1 comment The Daily Republic does not necessarily condone the comments here, nor does it review every post. Please read our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy before commenting. JimboApril 27, 2017 - 10:22 pm Crime reduction you say? One run Sycamore Charlie out of town, two arrest the pecker woods, three tell the Hispanics trump is coming to build a wall around their family, they will cut an adios real quick, and viola..... heaven on earthReply Report abusive comment Search Recent Articles Today’s Print Edition Nolasco, Norris lead Angels to 2-1 win over Athletics Weather for Friday, April 28, 2017 Prep badminton: Armijo has top finishers at MEL tournament Prep boys golf: Rodriguez forced to forfeit final match to Napa Raiders use 1st pick on embattled cornerback Gareon Conley 49ers get Solomon Thomas, extra picks in 1st round of draft Rio Vista’s real-life tragedy brings truth to ‘Every 15 Minutes’ drama Suisun police step up efforts to deal with crime Prep baseball: Vanden scores early, beats American Canyon 6-3 Fairfield Fire Department marks academy graduates, promotions Hearing starts in case of Solano inmate accused of killing cellmate Teen, charged with attempted murder of officer, to return to court in June Panthers begin process of evolving offense with RB McCaffrey Conference set in Vacaville cold-case homicide Offensive draft early, QBs prized after Garrett is No. 1 Grandfather gets 6 years for sexual assault of 4-year-old Urias makes solid 2017 debut as Dodgers beat Giants in 10 Jury trial in sexual assault case set for September GOP says it can pass short-term spending without Democrats Special Publications » NewsFeed Commentary Print Edition Twitter Feed Facebook Page Customer service Stars and Stripes 04-27-2017 Home Seller 04-22-2017 American Home Week 2017 Coupons and More 04-02-2017 Discover Solano Spring/Summer 2017 Women Making a Difference 2017 Coupons and More: March 2017 Readers’ Choice 2017 Congratulations Team Travis: February 2017 Wedding Countdown: February 2017 Secrets of Success 2016 Honoring Our Veterans 2016 Solano Senior Living 2016 Solano Life 2016 All About Pets 2016 Medical Guide 2016 Salute to Travis Air Force Base Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service (updated 4/30/2015) and Privacy Policy (updated 4/7/2015). Copyright (c) 2017 McNaughton Newspapers, Inc., a family-owned local media company that proudly publishes the Daily Republic, Mountain Democrat, Davis Enterprise, Village Life and other community-driven publications.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Apr 28, 2:37 AM EDT Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National Tad Cummins, Ex-Teacher Accused Of Kidnapping Elizabeth Thomas, Tells Wife He Slept With Teen By Vishakha Sonawane @VishakhaNS On 04/28/17 AT 12:36 AM Close Jill Cummins, the wife of ex-teacher Tad Cummins — accused of kidnapping his student Elizabeth Thomas — said he admitted to sleeping with the Tennessee teen. Cummins is under arrest in California after being on the run with 15-year-old Elizabeth for over a month. In an interview with CBS’ Inside Edition Thursday, Jill revealed the details about her conversation with 50-year-old Cummins after his April 20 arrest . "I said, 'Well, did you sleep with her?' And he said, 'Yes I did,'" Jill said, in the interview. "And I didn't want any details, but I knew the truth. I just wanted to hear it from him to me." Jill also said Cummins asked her for forgiveness and said he loved her. "It was very hard to hear his voice after all this time not knowing if I was going to hear it again," she said. "But he told me he was sorry. He told me he loved me and to please forgive him.” However, Jill told Inside Edition that she would not “let him hurt me like that again.” “I of course went into a rage of, ‘Do you know what you've done to me? Do you know what you've done to your girls and your grandchildren?’ He pretty much just over and over said, ‘I'm sorry,’” she said, adding that he continued to call her but she stopped answering. "I will not let him betray me like that again. I won’t give him the opportunity, ever again," Jill said. Elizabeth Thomas, a student at Maury County’s Culleoka Unit School where Cummins taught health science, went missing March 13. Tennessee’s law enforcement officials suspected Cummins played a role in her disappearance and issued a warrant against him for kidnapping and having sexual contact with a minor. The pair was found last week in Northern California’s remote Siskiyou County, where they stayed in a cabin. According to the criminal complaint filed against Cummins, Jill told investigators the former teacher was prescribed Cialis, an erectile dysfunction drug and that he took two refills of the drug before disappearing. He also reportedly made a hotel reservation in Oklahoma City, where he and Elizabeth were sighted in surveillance footage of a Walmart store March 15. Among other charges, Cummins faces one federal count of transporting a minor across state lines with the intent to engage in sexual activity. This charge carries a minimum 10 years of prison sentence and a maximum of life imprisonment. On Monday, he appeared in court in Sacramento, California, where a federal judge approved a request to transfer him to Tennessee to face charges. Elizabeth has been reunited with her family and currently receiving counseling at an undisclosed location. Her family said the teen was having panic attacks and appeared to be jittery. “You can tell something’s a little different, and I’m not going to press it. I’m just glad to have her back,” Elizabeth’s father Anthony told People magazine Wednesday. “I have to let the counselors work with her. I’ve got to let them do their job, because I want this to turn out the right way. She’s been through a difficult experience — something you don’t find every day, a very uncommon experience. So I have to sit back and let these professionals do their job and take their recommendations.” Related Stories Tad Cummins Arrested In California Elizabeth Thomas Gets Counseling After Being Found Join the Discussion Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Recommended Business American Airlines Stock Drops It was down 7.3 percent as of late Thursday morning. Technology ‘Warhammer 40,000: Dawn Of War III’ Has Graphics Settings Problem “Warhammer 40,000: Dawn Of War III” has just made it to Steam, and there’s already a problem that’s plaguing the SEGA-published real-time strategy game. World Quasar Pair Reveals Small-Scale Ripples In Cosmic Web These observations could provide crucial insights into the scarcely understood reionization phase of the universe, and help understand the events that led to the birth of the first galaxies. National Tad Cummins Admits To Wife He Slept With Elizabeth Thomas Tad Cummins' wife said he admitted to her he slept with Tennessee teen he is accused of kidnapping in Maury County. © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe 'Dynamic Scoring' and More Tax Terms to Know: QuickTake Glossary by Laurence Arnold More stories by Laurence Arnold and Paula Dwyer @paulaEdwyer More stories by Paula Dwyer April 28, 2017, 12:00 AM EDT Trump's tax plan. Photographer: Andrew Harrer/Bloomberg Few topics in Washington lend themselves to jargon as readily as taxes. President Donald Trump’s drive for tax cuts, though only beginning, is already sending people diving for their dictionaries. Here are some of the terms worth understanding. As Trump promised, he is focusing on reducing the ... Corporate Tax Rate Like most nations, the U.S. levies a graduated federal tax on the net profits of corporations. Trump’s goal is to slash the top rate to 15 percent, making the U.S. more competitive with the world. Since 1993, the top rate in the U.S. has been 35 percent (which grows to 39.1 percent when state and local corporate taxes are included). That is among the highest in the developed world. But thanks to deductions and credits, few companies pay that amount: In 2012, the effective rate was about 19 percent, according to the Congressional Budget Office. Trump also wants to slash the tax rates for companies known as ... Pass-Through Entities A business organized as a partnership, limited-liability company or sole-proprietorship reports any profit on its owners’ tax returns -- "passing it through" to them. Taxes on those earnings are set at the individual rate, up to 39.6 percent for incomes above $418,400. Trump’s plan would lower the rate to 15 percent for pass-throughs. Of almost 30 million U.S. companies, about 95 percent are pass-throughs, accounting for about 20 percent of business income. Trump’s proposal could backfire by encouraging high-earning individuals to convert themselves into pass-through companies to get the lower rate. Republican lawmakers talk about pass-throughs as mostly mom-and-pop companies, yet pass-through business income is already concentrated among high earners. Most law firms, hedge funds and real-estate developers, such as the president’s own Trump Organization, are pass-through companies.   For regular people who don’t have pass-throughs, Trump promises lower tax brackets for income tax, plus elimination of the ... Alternative Minimum Tax The AMT was created in 1979 to make sure very wealthy households can’t take advantage of deductions and credits to the point that they pay little or no federal income tax. But thanks to inflation and the value of certain deductions, such as state and local taxes, some 5 million people now get caught by this minimum tax. (That includes Trump, who paid $38 million in alternative taxes on income of $150 million in 2005, judging by two pages of his leaked tax return.) Despite attempts by Congress to limit the AMT’s reach, the number of affected households continues to grow, along with the AMT’s unpopularity. Trump would like to eliminate, as well, the ... Estate Tax For Republicans, this is one of the most unpopular parts of the U.S. tax system, which is why they like to call it the "death tax" and emphasize its effect on inheritance of family farms and small businesses. For Democrats, estate taxes are necessary to break up dynastic wealth and help reverse income inequality. Over the next 30 years, U.S. non-spousal heirs are expected to inherit more than $6 trillion. But not many estates pay the tax these days: In 2014, the U.S. collected only $16 billion this way. Current law excludes up to $5.49 million from an individual’s taxes, or $10.98 million for a couple’s. After that, the rate is 40 percent, but there are numerous ways, such as trusts, to shield assets. A 2015 congressional study found that 99.8 percent of U.S. deaths in 2013 triggered no estate tax. With so many people looking forward to seeing lower tax bills, one question is whether the Trump tax plan can possibly be ... Revenue Neutral This high bar means a proposal has an equal balance of costs and savings, and so will have no net impact on the budget deficit. In his campaign and even recently, Trump had said that his tax plan would be revenue neutral, which suggested it would close enough loopholes and end enough deductions to continue raising the same level of revenue. As outlined, Trump’s plan seems highly unlikely to do that. (One cost estimate has the Trump plan losing between $3 trillion and $7 trillion in tax revenue over a decade.) His team says the cuts will unleash such an economic boom that tax revenues will naturally rise as well.  This idea, of tax cuts paying for themselves, is held dear by Republicans and rests on an economic theory known as the ... Laffer Curve In 1974, economist Arthur Laffer posited that tax cuts would lead to faster economic growth, higher employment and increased personal income, which would make up for some or all of the lost tax revenue. Others took Laffer’s idea and extended it to mean that tax cuts over time will pay for themselves. Trump’s tax plan buys into this by proposing huge tax cuts without fully offsetting them with spending cuts or tax increases elsewhere in the federal budget. The evidence that Laffer is correct is sketchy: President Ronald Reagan cut taxes deeply, but the deficit increased 255 percent by the time he left office in 1989. President Bill Clinton, on the other hand, raised taxes sharply and ended his second term in 2001 with a balanced budget. Laffer notwithstanding, Republicans are at least considering methods to raise money to offset lost revenue. Those ideas include a sustained crackdown on ... Profit Shifting U.S. companies use creative methods to avoid paying the top corporate-tax rate of 35 percent. A favorite is to claim income came from a country -- Bermuda, the Cayman Islands and Ireland are popular -- with much lower tax rates. The U.S. taxes companies on their worldwide income, unlike the rest of the developed world; companies, however, can defer paying taxes on offshore profits that are kept outside the U.S. Such tax-avoidance maneuvers cost the U.S. tens of billions of dollars a year. Trump’s plan seeks to address this by lowering the top corporate tax rate to 15 percent and switching the U.S. to a territorial system, which taxes only earnings from U.S. sales. Profits stashed overseas would be hit with a one-time repatriation tax. The Trump outline didn’t specify what that amount might be. A different revenue-raising idea that has struggled to win Trump’s favor is called a ... Border-Adjusted Tax This idea for a new corporate-tax system, which would tax imports but not exports, is splitting Republicans and their business allies, and Trump didn’t include it in his plan. House Republican leaders favor border adjustments as a way to boost manufacturing and discourage companies from moving offshore. It would work like this: Companies would pay a 20 percent tax on products that are made abroad and sold in the U.S., or made and consumed domestically. Products made in the U.S. and sold abroad would not be taxed. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and others that depend heavily on low-priced imports to stock their shelves say it would increase costs for their retail customers and could violate trade agreements. Supporters say the higher cost of imports would be offset by a rise in the value of the dollar. One way around the revenue-neutrality bar is to put a 10-year expiration date on the tax cuts, making them ... Temporary Tax Cuts Like George W. Bush at the start of his presidency in 2001, Trump could specify that his tax cuts will expire in 10 years. This would increase the odds of passage in the U.S. Senate, where budget bills that don’t increase the deficit beyond 10 years can pass with a simple majority vote. Other bills require a 60-vote supermajority; Republicans hold 52 seats. Some businesses may consider a 10-year tax cut too short a period for the long-term commitments they require for investment and expansion decisions. On the other hand, most of Bush’s temporary tax cuts wound up becoming permanent. So who will decide whether Trump’s plan is revenue-neutral or revenue-diminishing? Expect to hear a lot about the ... Joint Committee on Taxation Get the latest on global politics in your inbox, every day. Get our newsletter daily. Sign Up This little-known, non-partisan congressional committee is the highly influential referee of whether a legislative proposal will add to the federal deficit. It has Ph.D economists and accountants on its staff, which is led by Tom Barthold, a former professor of economics at Dartmouth College. The chairmen of the Senate Finance Committee and the House Ways and Means Committee take turns leading the panel. How the committee "scores" Trump’s tax proposal will influence its chances at winning passage in Congress.  Thanks to a change enacted by Republicans last year, the committee will use a method known as ... Dynamic Scoring Analysts at the joint committee (and at the Congressional Budget Office) must consider how tax or policy changes might affect behavior -- like how raising taxes on cigarettes might reduce sales. This is known as dynamic scoring, and it’s more art than science. Trump says his plan will encourage companies to expand and hire more workers to put in longer hours, which will lead to stronger economic growth and the payment of new taxes, ultimately offsetting the loss of trillions of tax revenue over 10 years. Lots of Democratic economists -- and even some Republican ones -- disagree with that analysis. The Reference Shelf A QuickTake explainer on the U.S. budget deficit. A 2016 report by the U.S. Government Accountability Office found that almost one-fifth of large American corporations that made a profit in 2012 paid no federal income tax. The conservative Tax Foundation looked at seven tax reforms and found that President Ronald Reagan’s 1981 tax cut had the biggest long-term benefit, 8 percent growth. Michael Tanner at the Cato Institute, which favors limited government, says Trump’s corporate tax cuts could eventually mean higher wages for workers. The Laffer Curve was first drawn on a dinner napkin. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Jeff Bezos Is Just $5 Billion Away From Being the World's Richest Person With Secret Airship, Sergey Brin Also Wants to Fly Why Getting Fired Is Worse Than Divorce Under Armour Loses Whatever Swagger It Had Left Amazon Extends Growth Streak, Unfazed by Lavish Spending Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India Apr 28, 2017-Friday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities mcd elections opinion ipl 2017 sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini This British inventor might just have created an Iron Man suit. Watch him fly Using thrusters attached to his arms and back, Richard Browning flew in a circle and hovered a short distance from the ground in his impressive ‘Iron Man’ suit. tech Updated: Apr 28, 2017 08:50 IST Agence France-Presse, Vancouver Richard Browning has created a suit that has inspired references to Iron Man.(Video screengrab) British inventor Richard Browning lifted off from the shore of Vancouver Harbor on Thursday in a personal flight suit that inspired references to comic superhero ‘Iron Man’. Using thrusters attached to his arms and back, Browning flew in a circle and hovered a short distance from the ground, captivating attendees at a prestigious TED Conference. The personal flight suit is capable of propelling wearers much higher and faster, according to its creators. “The hypothesis was that the human mind and body, if properly augmented, could achieve some pretty cool stuff,” the extreme athlete and engineer said at the gathering a short time earlier. via GIPHY Browning told of experimenting with various numbers and arrays of essentially miniature jet engines on his limbs. Along the way, he said, there were more than a few crashes to the ground. “The whole journey was about trying and failing, and learning from that,” Browning said. The first reasonably stable, six-second flight with the gear inspired his team to press on. His startup, Gravity, formally debuted about a month ago with an early-version suit called Daedalus. A 55-second video clip of the suit in action has logged more than a million views since being posted on YouTube about three weeks ago. Browning said he is already getting interest from investors and some in the British military who told him they had given up on the flight feature of an ‘Iron Man’ suit until seeing his human-propulsion gear. “I don’t think anyone is going to be going down to WalMart with it or taking anybody to school for quite a while, but the team at Gravity is moving it along,” Browning said. He dreams of a flight suit that one day will allow its wearer to launch from a beach, soar along the coast and then perhaps hop into a helicopter in the air to continue their journey. Browning has already seen the early-version flight suit compared to ‘Iron Man’ armour worn by Marvel Comics character Tony Stark, but stressed that his goal is firmly rooted in the real world. via GIPHY He also described the project as part of a personal journey, inspired by an engineer father with a love for flying machines, but who died when he was just a teenager. tags Iron Man Marvel comics Iron Man suit Richard Browning Superhero more from tech Indian-origin Ajit Pai is kicking up net neutrality storm that India dodged Apr 27, 2017 18:14 IST Facebook Lite gets reactions and custom camera effects Apr 27, 2017 17:55 IST Safety Tips to #ProtectYourPrecious While Driving Promotional Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs H-1B visa changes could benefit Indian techies in terms of higher wages: Expert Apr 28, 2017 08:34 IST 1% of Indians own 53% of country’s wealth, says UN report Apr 28, 2017 08:27 IST Vijay Mallya optimistic, happy that action has been taken: Driver of Formula One... Apr 28, 2017 08:35 IST ‘Modi sir, please help’: Jet Airways passenger’s tweet to PM triggers hijacking... Apr 28, 2017 08:18 IST Men should learn to do household work, women martial arts, says Sushma Swaraj Apr 28, 2017 07:28 IST Vinod Khanna’s death, Jindal in Pakistan: Top stories to bring you up to date Apr 28, 2017 07:27 IST No electricity, doctors use mobile phone flashlights in infra-starved Jharkhand... Apr 28, 2017 07:27 IST Trump says ‘major, major’ conflict with N Korea possible, but wants diplomacy Apr 28, 2017 08:41 IST London police shoot a woman, arrest four others in counter-terrorism operation Apr 28, 2017 08:50 IST Germany to ban civil servants, judges, soldiers from wearing full-face veil at ... Apr 28, 2017 08:50 IST South Dakota man claims he found dead mouse in Coca Cola can, sues company Apr 28, 2017 08:13 IST United Airlines reaches settlement with passenger dragged from plane Apr 28, 2017 07:30 IST NASA spacecraft survives dive through Saturn’s rings Apr 27, 2017 23:42 IST Two US service members killed, another wounded in Afghanistan, says Pentagon Apr 27, 2017 22:59 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi No electricity, doctors use mobile phone flashlights in infra-starved Jharkhand hospital Apr 28, 2017 07:27 IST NIA court frames charges against ISIS recruit Areeb Majeed Apr 28, 2017 01:55 IST 2008 Malegaon blast : Major Upadhyay claims ‘saffron group’ is innocent Apr 28, 2017 01:48 IST Singer Ankit Tiwari and brother acquitted in 2014 rape case Apr 28, 2017 01:47 IST Jihad videos on Facebook radicalised suspected IS agent Apr 28, 2017 01:38 IST JEE Mains: Nashik’s Vrunda Rathi ranks first among girls across India Apr 28, 2017 00:41 IST JEE Mains: CBSE ignores students’ queries about test Apr 28, 2017 00:44 IST JEE Mains: I couldn’t afford classes but my son made me proud, says auto driver Apr 28, 2017 00:30 IST Start afresh, work in tandem: CM Arvind Kejriwal to AAP after MCD election rout Apr 28, 2017 07:13 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors What Indians should know about war before demanding military crackdown in Kashmir, Chhattisgarh Apr 28, 2017 08:48 IST There can be no perks in perpetuity for lawmakers Apr 28, 2017 07:30 IST The utter uselessness of banning social media in Kashmir Apr 27, 2017 19:31 IST India’s polity has shifted from hope to fear, and PM Modi knows it | Opinion Apr 28, 2017 08:11 IST Callous airline staff’s attitude reflects our apathy towards India’s disabled p... Apr 27, 2017 17:05 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa Fellaini sent off as Manchester United F.C., Manchester City F.C. draw blank Apr 28, 2017 08:33 IST Vijay Mallya optimistic, happy that action has been taken: Driver of Formula One... Apr 28, 2017 08:35 IST IPL 2017: Kolkata Knight Riders seek to continue winning run vs Delhi Daredevils Apr 28, 2017 01:53 IST Aaron Finch says wickets of Virat Kohli, Chris Gayle in powerplay turning point Apr 28, 2017 01:14 IST Sepp Blatter quizzed over FIFA World Cups to Russia, Qatar Apr 28, 2017 01:23 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Rishi Kapoor is angry that younger generation skipped Vinod Khanna’s funeral Apr 28, 2017 08:39 IST A handsome superstar, Osho disciple, MP and minister: The roles Vinod Khanna pl... Apr 28, 2017 08:35 IST FIR against Shilpa Shetty, Raj Kundra in Rs 24-lakh cheating case Apr 27, 2017 20:59 IST Mahesh Bhatt remembers Vinod Khanna: Mother’s death had devastated him Apr 28, 2017 07:57 IST Vinod Khanna (1946-2017): 9 little known facts about him Apr 28, 2017 07:19 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Sun exposure, excessive heat can damage your hair! Here’re some tips for help Apr 28, 2017 08:37 IST Photographer Raghu Rai: With Mother Teresa, one had to tread gently Apr 27, 2017 19:30 IST Cultural appropriation debate: Does it really hurt or are we just over-sensitiv... Apr 27, 2017 19:26 IST The Dance of India and Elan: An exhibition of painted collages of Indian dance ... Apr 27, 2017 19:14 IST Breastfeeding mothers, beware: Drinking colas increase risk of obesity in kids Apr 27, 2017 17:28 IST GST to push growth in India to over 8%, ‘impressed by work done’: IMF Apr 28, 2017 08:44 IST ECB keeps money taps open, nods to euro zone recovery Apr 27, 2017 20:21 IST India Inc seen spending, investing more in 2017: Amex survey Apr 27, 2017 20:01 IST Indian consumers may see more fuel price hikes, food prices may remain subdued in... Apr 27, 2017 19:21 IST Siam asks Supreme Court to review judgement banning sale of BS-III vehicles Apr 27, 2017 19:11 IST SpiceJet to offer visa services for Dubai-bound passengers Apr 27, 2017 17:28 IST Google India is India’s most attractive employer: Randstad Apr 27, 2017 16:54 IST This British inventor might just have created an Iron Man suit. Watch him fly Apr 28, 2017 08:50 IST Indian-origin Ajit Pai is kicking up net neutrality storm that India dodged Apr 27, 2017 18:14 IST Facebook Lite gets reactions and custom camera effects Apr 27, 2017 17:55 IST Apple iPhone 8: New concept video shows improved features, vertical dual camera... Apr 27, 2017 16:07 IST Fitbit Flex 2 erupts into flames on woman’s arm, causes second-degree burn Apr 27, 2017 15:18 IST Hackers exploited Word flaw for months while Microsoft investigated Apr 27, 2017 13:48 IST OnePlus 5, just like Apple iPhone 7 Plus, Huawei P9 and LG 6 will come with dual... Apr 26, 2017 16:51 IST Now, Aadhaar must for getting fellowships, scholarships from UGC and AICTE Apr 27, 2017 23:58 IST Fans of PM, JEE Mains top scorers in Dehradun want to help him in building India Apr 28, 2017 06:46 IST President Pranab Mukherjee to visit Punjab on May 2 for LPU convocation Apr 27, 2017 20:40 IST Dead end for Gian Sagar medical college? BJP leader Salaria backs out of takeov... Apr 27, 2017 20:32 IST JEE Main 2017: 79.2% boys are successful against 20.8% girls, 2 transgenders fail... Apr 27, 2017 20:06 IST Delhi weather plays hide and seek Apr 28, 2017 08:51 IST Soon, you can fly to Shimla: Airport to reopen for commercial... Apr 27, 2017 12:15 IST Animals at the Delhi Zoo chill out in the summer Apr 27, 2017 09:03 IST A winter journey into lands end at Spiti valley Apr 26, 2017 08:42 IST Danda Nacha: Folk Dance of Odisha Apr 25, 2017 11:15 IST PM Modi holds grand roadshow in Shimla Apr 27, 2017 17:34 IST Vinod Khanna: From an actor to a politician Apr 27, 2017 16:04 IST PM Modi inaugurates 1st flight under ‘UDAN’ in Shimla Apr 27, 2017 13:46 IST We are proud Indians, not bloody Indians: Harbhajan slams Jet Airways pilot for ‘racist’ remarks Apr 27, 2017 12:26 IST BJP sweeps MCD polls 2017 Apr 27, 2017 11:25 IST ht-indepth longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe Home Advertising Blade Plus Blade Vault, Reprints Campus Connection Classifieds Contact Us Coupons Plus Customer Service eBlade BCSN Editions & Apps Events Jobs Homes Most Wanted Obituaries Renew My Subscription Subscribe The Blade in Education Weekly Ads Friday, Apr 28, 2017 One of America's Great Newspapers ~ Toledo, Ohio Login Register Logout Profile Subscribe |   Log Out News • Sports • A&E • Business • Opinion Local Communities participating in drug take-back day By Tom Henry  | BLADE STAFF WRITER Published on April 28, 2017 Share Tweet Share Email Comments Print Saturday is National Drug Take-Back Day. THE BLADE Enlarge | Buy This Image Time to clean out your medicine cabinet of unwanted and expired prescription drugs: Saturday is National Drug Take-Back Day. Several area agencies and communities are taking pills from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. that day. Most will not accept liquids, inhalers, needles, and other items. Procedures may vary from one location to another. Lucas County commissioners have called a news conference for today to explain where the county’s drop-off sites will be and how residents can participate. Events are coordinated with the help of local law enforcement, hospitals, health districts, drugstores, and community agencies. The Toledo-Lucas County Health Department and the federal Drug Enforcement Administration said pills can be brought in for disposal to the health department building at 635 N. Erie Street, Toledo. The service is free and anonymous, no questions asked, the department said. Ottawa County requests pills be removed from medication bottles and blister packs. Residents are asked to empty pills into a plastic bag before placing into any of the medication drop boxes. Permanent drop-box containers have been added to the Catawba Island Police Department and the Ottawa County Sheriff’s Office. Other Ottawa County drop-off sites include police stations in Danbury Township, Genoa, Oak Harbor, Port Clinton, and Put-in-Bay. In Fulton County, take pills to police departments in Archbold and Wauseon; to the Metamora Fire Department; to village administration buildings in Swanton and Delta, or to Swanton Pharmacy, the Wauseon Walmart, or the Wauseon Rite Aid. In Bowling Green, take pills to the police department or sheriff’s department. Waterville residents can take them to their local Kroger. They and residents of nearby Whitehouse also can take pills to their respective fire departments. In Perrysburg Township, Rossford, and Ottawa Hills, residents are asked to take them to their local police stations. Maumee is taking pills at its police station and at St. Luke's Hospital. Drive-through service will be set up at both location. Contact Tom Henry at: thenry@theblade.com, 419-724-6079, or via Twitter @ecowriterohio. Related Items Drug Take Back Day , Toledo Lucas County Health Department , Drug Enforcement Administration Click to comment Guidelines: Please keep your comments smart and civil. Don't attack other readers personally, and keep your language decent. Comments that violate these standards, or our privacy statement or visitor's agreement, are subject to being removed and commenters are subject to being banned. To post comments, you must be a registered user on toledoblade.com. To find out more, please visit the FAQ. Quis autem vel eum iure reprehenderit qui in ea voluptate velit esse quam nihil molestiae consequatur, vel illum qui dolorem? Temporibus autem quibusdam et aut officiis debitis aut rerum necessitatibus saepe eveniet. Copyright © 2015 Toledo Blade News Toggle All Local East North South West State Nation World Politics Police & Fire Religion Medical Education Technology Courts Deaths Weather Daily Log Special Reports Sports Toggle All High School BGSU Ohio State Michigan UT Mud Hens Walleye Golf Scoreboard A&E Toggle All Art Books Culture Movies Food Music-Theater-Dance Peach Weekender Restaurant Reviews TV-Radio Frogtown Gardening TV Listings Business Toggle All Automotive Economy Energy Stock Market Real Estate Real Estate Transfers Retail Opinion Toggle All Editorial Cartoons Editorials Op-Ed Columns Columnists Letters to the Editor Our Towns Toggle All Bedford Township Holland Maumee Northwood Oregon Ottawa Hills Perrysburg Rossford Springfield Township Sylvania Photo Galleries Weekly Gallery 2017 Videos Hot Topics Blogs Weather Submit Letter to Editor User Commenting Guidelines To Top Fetching stories…
Jump to navigation Register / Sign in Sign Up Recipes Food Home Garden Wellbeing Shop By Maria Rodale Video #myorganiclife About Us Submission Guidelines Promotions Customer Service Manage Email Preferences Media Kit Rodale Inc. Brands Copyright Notice Terms of Use Amazon Affiliate Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017 Rodale Inc. No reproduction, transmission or display is permitted without the written permissions of Rodale Inc. Privacy Policy.   About Us. Enter the terms you wish to search for. Organic Gardening 101 Food Eco Fashion Shop Food sustainability Why It’s More Important To Be An Ethical Omnivore Than A Vegetarian I used to think giving up meat was best for the planet. I was wrong. By Emily Monaco April 27, 2017 Endai Huedl/Getty When I was sixteen, I read an article by Michael Pollan in the New York Times called “Power Steer,” and my life changed. In reading the story, I learned, amongst other things, that steer in America were forced to cannibalize other steer, fed fat and blood and tallow alongside an unnatural corn-based diet; I also learned about the E. coli-tainted floors where the steer were slaughtered before being packaged into shrink-wrapped, perfectly pink steaks. As a city kid from New York, I had never really given much thought to where my food came from, but faced with the reality of the intensive animal farming industry, I had to do something to stop contributing to industrial meat production and all that it represented, from a humane, ethical, and environmental standpoint. I decided to become a vegetarian. Advertisement Advertisement Free Newsletter Keep this field blank Enter your email address You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy | About Us (On just a quarter-acre of land, you can produce fresh, organic food for a family of four—year-round. Rodale's The Backyard Homestead shows you how.) I wasn’t wrong, necessarily, to take a stand. Countless studies have shown that the amount of meat we eat in the developed world is unsustainable: after research from the UN’s Food and Agriculture Organization showed that 120 million more hectares of land in developing countries would have to be devoted to food production to feed the estimated 2050 world population, a report in Nature Communications outlined that, in reality, that population could be fed entirely with the agricultural land we have now—if everyone switched to a 100 percent plant-based way of eating. Vegetarianism, then, seems like the more sustainable option—and also the more ethical. My reaction to Pollan’s article was, first and foremost, to the inhumane treatment of animals in intensive animal farming scenarios: hens who lived their whole lives in space no larger than a sheet of paper, or calves existing in tiny crates less than three feet wide. By taking meat out of the picture, I thought that I was contributing to a solution. Related: 14 Vegetarian Foods That Have More Iron Than Meat But vegetarianism, I later learned, isn’t the only way to eat ethically, and vegetarians can still fall victim to unethical eating. Mindful Omnivorism is Better than Mindless Vegetarianism When I became a vegetarian, my first priority was thinking about what I didn’t eat, not what I did: instead of meat, I filled the space on my plate with potatoes, beans, or pasta—I figured that I’d done my job by saying no to steak. (Here are 6 easy vegetarian sources of protein.) Marissa Landrigan, a former vegetarian and the author of The Vegetarian’s Guide to Eating Meat, had a similar experience when she became a vegetarian in college, relying mostly on prepared foods like frozen vegetarian pot pies and plant-based meats to supplement her meat-free diet. While Landrigan believes “it is entirely possible to be an ethical vegetarian or an ethical vegan,” she does think that there is a risk, as a vegetarian, in relying too much on “foods of convenience,” which can be just as unhealthy–and just as bad for the environment—as meat. (It would have behooved us both to refer to Peter Singer’s 5 rules of ethical eating.) Vegetarians can still fall victim to unethical eating. Endai Huedl/Getty The intensive animal farming industry is undoubtedly disastrous for the environment, contributing 7.1 gigatons of Co2-equivalent emissions every year worldwide (14.5 percent of all man-made carbon emissions). It’s also hazardous to human health: in 2011 the intensive animal farming industry used four times as many antibiotics as the human medical industry, according to Pew Charitable Trust. This regular, low-level agricultural use of antibiotics has contributed enormously to the development of resistant bacteria, which kill 700,000 people worldwide every year, according to the Food and Agriculture Organization. (Things weren’t always this way—here’s when we started using so many pesticides and antibiotics in farming.) (Like what you're reading? Sign up for our newsletter to get health insights, clever kitchen tricks, gardening secrets, and more delivered straight to your inbox.) But when vegetarians turn instead to tofu, they’re not doing much better for the environment or for their own health. (Here are the 5 worst meat substitutes—and what to eat instead.)  Ninety percent of the soy produced in the United States is genetically engineered to withstand herbicides like glyphosate (the active ingredient in Monsanto's Roundup herbicide), deemed a “probable human carcinogen” by the United Nations World Health Organization in 2015. (Here's how much toxic Roundup you're eating.) And much of the tofu consumed in the United States (though not nearly as much as in Europe) is actually grown in South America, where acres of rainforests are being felled to meet growing demands. According to the World Wide Fund for Nature, the almost 4 million hectares of forests that are destroyed in South America every year can be largely blamed on the production of soy. Quinoa, the protein-rich pseudo-grain, poses a different, no less dire ethical problem: with the increase of its popularity in the developed world, this staple of the Peruvian and Bolivian diet has become too expensive for local farmers to consume. The Guardian reports that farmers in these countries have reduced their own quinoa consumption and replaced it with less nutritious foods, thus depriving themselves of essential nutrients. (Organically grown quinoa is still one of the 11 healthiest foods for you and the planet—but try one grown in the U.S., such as Lundberg quinoa, from California.) Related: I Ate 3 Eggs Every Single Morning For A Week—Here's What I Learned Vegetarians who think that the buck stops with cutting out meat are often, in reality, just contributing to the problem of unethical eating. Demanding Ethical Meat Will Change the Market Back in high school, classmates trivialized my vegetarian diet, saying that one lowly high schooler’s decision to say no to meat wasn’t going to change the world. “Look,” a friend said, pointing to the tray of hamburgers in the dining hall. “Just because you’re not eating one doesn’t mean the cow isn’t dead.” This is, of course, true, but it’s amazing the difference one small step can make. In 2003, former ad man Sid Lerner revived the World War I recommendation for “Meatless Mondays.” Since then, the campaign has grown into a global movement, and in the past ten years, American beef consumption has fallen 15 percent; pork consumption fell 4 percent. Consumer demand has also changed the American market for humane animal products. A great example is the recent cage-free egg revolution: as consumers demand for cage-free increased, individual restaurants and stores from McDonald’s to Walmart responded by refusing to buy battery cage-raised eggs. Today, it’s just not worth it for farmers to produce the latter. “[Major egg buyers] simply cannot tell consumers that the eggs that they’re going to continually purchase come from chickens who are confined to cages, who can’t move,” says Josh Balk, Vice President of Farm Animal Protection at the Humane Society of the United States. “The issue of farm animal confinement, whether egg-laying chickens, veal calves in crates, or mother pigs in gestation grates, is out of step with consumer sentiment on how animals ought to be treated, and that’s why these major corporations have moved.” The same thing appears to be happening currently with regards to chicken raised with antibiotics, which chains like Burger King, Jack in the Box, and Wendy’s have already committed to phase out of their supply chains in the coming months or years. Related: 7 Ways to Make Sure A Restaurant’s Farm To Table Claim Is Legit Supporting humanely-raised animal products does, then, make a difference, as Catherine Friend argues in The Compassionate Carnivore: while vegetarianism may seem kinder to animals on the surface, not supporting the farmers who are raising meat sustainably and humanely sends the message that you don’t care about their efforts; buying products from people who produce ethical meat tells them that their efforts are worthwhile. (The oceans are whole other kettle of fish—here are 12 fish you should never eat.) How to Choose Ethical Meat It’s possible to eat ethically whether you’re eating vegetarian or not–but either way, it requires work, planning, and thought. Eating ethically, for example, doesn’t translate to just eating locally. A 2008 Carnegie Mellon study by C. L. Weber and H. S. Matthews entitled “Food Miles and the Relative Climate Impacts of Food Choices in the United States” showed that transportation accounts for only 11 percent of a product’s greenhouse gas emissions–the rest comes from the production methods. If your steak is local but industrially produced, then, you should definitely skip it. Transportation accounts for only 11 percent of a product’s greenhouse gas emissions: the rest comes from the farming methods. Endai Huedl/Getty Choosing local is, however, a good place to start, because it gives you a chance ask questions about where your food comes from and how it’s produced. Whenever possible, choose meat and vegetables that come from farms producing both: this method of agriculture is the most natural way to ensure soil health and a small carbon footprint. Farms that produce solely meat end up with far too much fertilizer to distribute economically, while farms that produce solely crops, particularly if they till, tend to contribute to soil erosion and carbon loss.  “When you have animal integration,” explains Ryland Engelhart, co-founder of Kiss the Ground, a California non-profit dedicated to increasing awareness about the importance of building back healthy soil, “you’re able to convert sunlight, through the grass, and turn that into fertility, and get that back into the soil to build the soil bank account year after year.” Related: 26 Plants You Should Always Grow Side-By-Side The most important thing is to keep asking questions and remain conscious of the effects that your diet has on your health, the health and wellbeing of animals and producers, and the environment. There are, of course, limits to what any individual can feasibly do. In The Omnivore’s Dilemma, Michael Pollan describes his attempt to prepare a meal using only ingredients he had hunted, gathered, or grown himself, noting that this meal was “equally unsustainable” as a fast food meal: you can’t shoot your own wild boar and forage your own mushrooms every day. But it’s definitely a start to become aware–and humbled–by where your food comes from, whether your food includes meat or not. As for me, my shopping is a lot more careful than it once was. I’m no longer blindly vegetarian, buying conventionally produced veggies and assuming I’ve done my part. I buy most of my food through a local coop, where I can get to know the farmers that I am buying from and ask them questions about their practices. Whenever I’m not sure about origins, I try to eat vegetarian or buy certified organic meat and dairy. (Here’s why grass-fed dairy is better for you—and how to avoid the fake stuff.)  I believe that as long as I’m buying and eating consciously, I’m taking a step in the right direction. Tags: meatvegetarian Comments Show comments View the discussion thread. Privacy Policy  |  About Us Copyright © 2017 Rodale Inc. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from... {* loginWidget *} With a traditional account... {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} By logging in, you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome back! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Deactivated Account Your account has been deactivated. Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} By clicking "Sign in", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Edit Your Account Profile Photo {* photoManager *} Linked Accounts {* linkedAccounts *} {* #linkAccountContainer *} Link your accounts Allows you to sign in to your account using that provider in the future. {* loginWidget *} {* /linkAccountContainer *} Password Change Password Deactivate Account Deactivate Account Account Info {* #editProfileForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* gender *} {* birthdate *} {* displayName *} {* emailAddress *} {* resendLink *} {* phone *} {* addressStreetAddress1 *} {* addressStreetAddress2 *} {* addressCity *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* addressState *} {* addressCountry *} {* savedProfileMessage *} {* /editProfileForm *} Change password {* #changePasswordForm *} {* currentPassword *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordForm *} Deactivate your Account Are you sure you want to deactivate your account? You will no longer have access to your profile. {* deactivateAccountForm *} No {* /deactivateAccountForm *} Almost Done! Please provide the information below before signing in. {* #requiredFieldsForm *} {* displayName *} {* backButton *} {* /requiredFieldsForm *} PREV NEXT Ad Blocker Detected Advertising helps us deliver the articles you love at no charge to you Please enter your email or disable your adblocker to access all content on Keep this field blank You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy | About Us
Home Sections Wired World South Africa Africa World Business Life, Etc Sport Opinionistas Special Features Coughing Up For Gold Until Julius Comes Brain Porn Daily Maverick Podcasts Zapiro Cartoons Newsletter Search About About Us Contact Us Loading The site your mother warned you about 28 April 2017 09:00 (South Africa) Wired World British inventor takes flight in 'Iron Man' suit AFP AFP Wired World 28 Apr 2017 05:06 (South Africa) British inventor Richard Browning lifted off from the shore of Vancouver Harbor on Thursday in a personal flight suit that inspired references to comic superhero 'Iron Man.' Using thrusters attached to his arms and back, Browning flew in a circle and hovered a short distance from the ground, captivating attendees at a prestigious TED Conference. The personal flight suit is capable of propeling wearers much higher and faster, according to its creators. "The hypothesis was that the human mind and body, if properly augmented, could achieve some pretty cool stuff," the extreme athlete and engineer said at the gathering a short time earlier. Browning told of experimenting with various numbers and arrays of essentially miniature jet engines on his limbs. Along the way, he said, there were more than a few crashes to the ground. "The whole journey was about trying and failing, and learning from that," Browning said. The first reasonably stable, six-second flight with the gear inspired his team to press on.  His startup, Gravity, formally debuted about a month ago with an early-version suit called Daedalus. A 55-second video clip of the suit in action has logged more than a million views since being posted on YouTube about three weeks ago. Browning said he is already getting interest from investors and some in the British military who told him they had given up on the flight feature of an 'Iron Man' suit until seeing his human-propulsion gear. "I don't think anyone is going to be going down to Wal-Mart with it or taking anybody to school for quite a while, but the team at Gravity is moving it along," Browning said. He dreams of a flight suit that one day will allow its wearer to launch from a beach, soar along the coast and then perhaps hop into a helicopter in the air to continue their journey. Browning has already seen the early-version flight suit compared to 'Iron Man' armor worn by Marvel Comics character Tony Stark, but stressed that his goal is firmly rooted in the real world. He also described the project as part of a personal journey, inspired by an engineer father with a love for flying machines, but who died when he was just a teenager. DM AFP AFP Wired World Get overnight news and latest Daily Maverick articles Email Address First Thing (Mon - Sun 06:15, SAST) Afternoon Thing Mon - Fri 15:00, SAST) Info Thing (Special Events/Notices/Offers) Zapiro Cartoons (Tue, Wed, Thur) Subscribe Do Not Miss About Us Contact Us Reader Covenants Legal Privacy Policy Comments Policy RSS
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Home More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos Videos News Sports Entertainment Tech Business Auto Movies Beauty Pageants Funny City METRO CITIES Mumbai Delhi Bangalore Hyderabad Kolkata Chennai OTHER CITIES Agartala Agra Imphal Ahmedabad Allahabad Amritsar Aurangabad Bareilly Bhopal Bhubaneswar Chandigarh Coimbatore Cuttack Dehradun Erode Faridabad Goa Gurgaon Guwahati Hubli Indore Jaipur Jammu Jamshedpur Jind Kanpur Kochi Kolhapur Kozhikode Lucknow Ludhiana Madurai Mangalore Meerut Mysore Nagpur Nashik Navi Mumbai Noida Patna Puducherry Pune Raipur Rajahmundry Rajkot Ranchi Srinagar Salem Shillong Shimla Surat Thane Trichy Thiruvananthapuram Vadodara Varanasi Visakhapatnam India World World US Pakistan South Asia UK Europe China Middle East New to Canada Rest of World Mad, Mad World Photos Videos FOLLOW WORLD Business Business India Business International Business Photos Videos Sectors More FOLLOW BUSINESS Tech Tech News Gadgets Reviews Slideshows Videos How to Featured FOLLOW TECHNOLOGY Cricket Cricket News Results Fixtures Columns Photos Live Cricket Score FOLLOW CRICBUZZ Sports Sports IPL Cricket Football Tennis Hockey Golf Racing NBA SFL Badminton Boxing Chess South Africa in India More sports Other Sports Photos Videos FOLLOW SPORTS Entertainment Entertainment Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Bengali Punjabi Marathi Bhojpuri Gujarati Movie Reviews Music Beauty Pageants Photos Videos FOLLOW ENTERTAINMENT TV TV News News Trade News TV Listings Movies on TV Specials Photos Videos Hindi English Tamil Telugu Malayalam Kannada Marathi Bengali Gujarati Life & Style Life & Style Relationships Health & Fitness Beauty Spotlight Food Books Home & Garden Fashion Every Heart Counts Homeopathy Photos Videos FOLLOW LIFE & STYLE Blogs Photos Photos Movies Celebs Fashion Beauty Pageants Awards Events TV Sports Gadgets News FOLLOW PHOTOS ePaper Live TV Apps Coupons All Sections ALL News » British inventor takes flight in 'Iron Man' suit British inventor takes flight in 'Iron Man' suit British inventor Richard Browning lifted off from the shore of Vancouver Harbor in a flight suit that inspired references to comic superhero Iron Man. Using thrusters attached to arms and back, he flew in a circle and hovered a short distance from the ground, captivating people at a TED Conference.AFP | Updated: Apr 28, 2017, 09.43 AM IST Highlights Richard Browning has created personal flight suit like comic superhero 'Iron Man'. Browning's startup, Gravity, formally debuted about a month ago with an early-version suit called Daedalus. VANCOUVER: British inventor Richard Browning lifted off from the shore of Vancouver Harbor on Thursday in a personal flight suit that inspired references to comic superhero 'Iron Man.' Using thrusters attached to his arms and back, Browning flew in a circle and hovered a short distance from the ground, captivating attendees at a prestigious TED Conference. The personal flight suit is capable of propeling wearers much higher and faster, according to its creators. "The hypothesis was that the human mind and body, if properly augmented, could achieve some pretty cool stuff," the extreme athlete and engineer said at the gathering a short time earlier. Browning told of experimenting with various numbers and arrays of essentially miniature jet engines on his limbs. Along the way, he said, there were more than a few crashes to the ground. "The whole journey was about trying and failing, and learning from that," Browning said. The first reasonably stable, six-second flight with the gear inspired his team to press on. His startup, Gravity, formally debuted about a month ago with an early-version suit called Daedalus. A 55-second video clip of the suit in action has logged more than a million views since being posted on YouTube about three weeks ago. Browning said he is already getting interest from investors and some in the British military who told him they had given up on the flight feature of an 'Iron Man' suit until seeing his human-propulsion gear. "I don't think anyone is going to be going down to Wal-Mart with it or taking anybody to school for quite a while, but the team at Gravity is moving it along," Browning said. He dreams of a flight suit that one day will allow its wearer to launch from a beach, soar along the coast and then perhaps hop into a helicopter in the air to continue their journey. Browning has already seen the early-version flight suit compared to 'Iron Man' armor worn by Marvel Comics character Tony Stark, but stressed that his goal is firmly rooted in the real world. He also described the project as part of a personal journey, inspired by an engineer father with a love for flying machines, but who died when he was just a teenager. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Need A Break? Unwind With These Mesmerizing Videos Moodica Is Your Business Making the Most Efficient Use of Data? Fr.. Sage Check Out Unbelievable List of Safest 2017 Minivans Minivans - Sponsored Ads More from The Times of India Zeenat Aman: Vinod Khanna was an achingly handsome actor Bollywood mourns Vinod Khanna’s demise Naagin Latest Updates & Tweets - The Times of India From the Web More From The Times of India She Is Considered The Most Beautiful Woman In Her CountryLivingly 3 Types of CEOs and Some of the Best HybridsRussell Reynolds Search Firm See the Best of the New England Coast By CarConnecticut Tourism Chrissy Metz Fights Cleft PalatesMediaplanet Starting At $189, Powerful Windows 10 Laptops. Shop NowMicrosoft Shikha Singh quits 'Kumkum Bhagya' - Times of India Zaheer Khan announces engagement with Sagarika Ghatge Gurgaon kids show their theatre skills Udaipur boy Kalpit Veerval tops IIT JEE-Main Sachin Tendulkar at MRF Limited in Delhi - Times of India Comments Characters Remaining: 3000 OR PROCEED WITHOUT REGISTRATION Share on FacebookShare on Twitter SIGN IN WITHFacebookGoogleEmail Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. X Sort By:Up VotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Veteran actor Vinod Khanna passes away, he was suffering from cancer Udaipur boy Kalpit Veerval tops JEE-Main with 100% score Let go of your arrogance, ego for good of country: Former AAP colleague to Arvind Kejriwal Women are surprised Clarks has this much style Ad: Clarks God will punish deserters, Arvind Kejriwal warns councillors A day after the poor show in Delhi's municipal elections, AAP chief Arvind Kejriwal warned his newly elected councillors against defecting from the party and made them swear in the name of god that they wouldn't betray the "movement". North Korea crisis worse than ever: US Admiral The senior US Navy officer overseeing military operations in the Pacific said that the crisis with North Korea is at the worst point he's ever seen, but he declined to compare the situation to the Cuban missile crisis decades ago. From around the Web A Clean Slate: The Best Ways to Help your Clients Tidy up .. Pro Construction Guide | The Home Depot Get walk in bath tub today at the lowest price! Walk In Bath - Sponsored Ads Search Luxury Sedans! searchnow.com George Clooney Shows Off His Brand New $15 Million Home Lonny More From The Times of India OMG: Kajol gets a surgery to look fair? - Times of India Actor Ravi Baswani passes away - Times of India Bani J sweats it out in the gym like a boss - Times of India Read MoreTony StarkRICHARD BROWNINGMarvel Comicsiron manGravity Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Artificial womb may help save premature babies Why space debris is a threat China talking with European Space Agency about moon outpost NASA successfully launches Super Pressure Balloon 1British inventor takes flight in 'Iron Man' suit 2Artificial womb may help save premature babies 3Why space debris is a threat 4China talking with European Space Agency about moon outpost 5NASA successfully launches Super Pressure Balloon Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends JEE Main Result 2017 RCB vs GL Maruti Q4 Results 2017 Goa Board HSSC Results Sensex  Arvind Kejriwal Live Score: RCB vs GL  UDAN Scheme Ashish Nanda Vinod Khanna funeral Vinod Khanna Movies Vinod Khanna passes away services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web ICC Champions Trophy CRPF JEE Mains 2017 Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos How to get Pregnant Bahubali 2 Review Baahubali 2 UAE Review Baahubali 2 Trending topics Goa Board Results IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table Chhota Rajan RCB vs SRH Live Score Baahubali 2 Review xXx Vinod Khanna Death Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
menu Sections Friday, April 28, 2017 search Today's Paper insert_drive_file Close   INQUIRER.NET NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION USA & CANADA POP ESPORTS BANDERA CDN PBA MOTIONCARS INQSHOP MY INQUIRER ADVERTISE menu search NEWS OPINION SPORTS LIFESTYLE PREEN ENTERTAINMENT BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY GLOBAL NATION technology / Tech News share this British inventor takes flight in ‘Iron Man’ suit Agence France-Presse / 10:18 AM April 28, 2017 Gravity founder Richard Browning fields questions about his personal flight suit at a TED Conference in Vancouver, Canada, on April 27, 2017. Using thrusters attached to his arms and back, Browning flew in a circle and hovered a short distance from the ground, captivating attendees of a prestigious TED Conference with the demonstration. The personal flight suit is capable of propelling wearers much higher and faster, according to its creators. AFP PHOTO VANCOUVER—British inventor Richard Browning lifted off from the shore of Vancouver Harbor on Thursday in a personal flight suit that inspired references to comic superhero ‘Iron Man.’ Using thrusters attached to his arms and back, Browning flew in a circle and hovered a short distance from the ground, captivating attendees at a prestigious TED Conference. The personal flight suit is capable of propelling wearers much higher and faster, according to its creators. ADVERTISEMENT “The hypothesis was that the human mind and body, if properly augmented, could achieve some pretty cool stuff,” the extreme athlete and engineer said at the gathering a short time earlier. Browning told of experimenting with various numbers and arrays of essentially miniature jet engines on his limbs. Along the way, he said, there were more than a few crashes to the ground. “The whole journey was about trying and failing, and learning from that,” Browning said. The first reasonably stable, six-second flight with the gear inspired his team to press on. His startup, Gravity, formally debuted about a month ago with an early-version suit called Daedalus. A 55-second video clip of the suit in action has logged more than a million views since being posted on YouTube about three weeks ago. WATCH: Real-life ‘Iron Man’ suit built by UK entrepreneur ADVERTISEMENT Browning said he is already getting interest from investors and some in the British military who told him they had given up on the flight feature of an ‘Iron Man’ suit until seeing his human-propulsion gear. “I don’t think anyone is going to be going down to Wal-Mart with it or taking anybody to school for quite a while, but the team at Gravity is moving it along,” Browning said. He dreams of a flight suit that one day will allow its wearer to launch from a beach, soar along the coast and then perhaps hop into a helicopter in the air to continue their journey. Browning has already seen the early-version flight suit compared to ‘Iron Man’ armor worn by Marvel Comics character Tony Stark, but stressed that his goal is firmly rooted in the real world. He also described the project as part of a personal journey, inspired by an engineer father with a love for flying machines, but who died when he was just a teenager. Subscribe to INQUIRER PLUS to get access to The Philippine Daily Inquirer & other 70+ titles, share up to 5 gadgets, listen to the news, download as early as 4am & share articles on social media. Call 896 6000. play_circle_filled Sulphur-powered giant shipworm unearthed in Philippines April 19, 2017 play_circle_filled New Google Earth unveiled that works on browsers and smartphones April 19, 2017 play_circle_filled Samsung launches Galaxy S8 phones, virtual assistant March 30, 2017 play_circle_filled Nintendo Switch console goes on sale in strategy reboot March 05, 2017 TAGS: flying suit, Gravity, Innovation, Iron man suit, Richard Browning, “Iron Man” For feedback, complaints, or inquiries, contact us. INQUIRER.net Follow @inquirerdotnet TRENDING newsinfo Gambling operator links 2 Cabinet men, retired generals to slay plot April 28, 2017 newsinfo Drug suspects found in secret police cell April 27, 2017 business Duterte vows to block renewal of ABS-CBN’s franchise April 27, 2017 newsinfo Duterte threatens to block franchise of ABS-CBN April 27, 2017 newsinfo Bongbong Marcos scores another round vs Robredo April 27, 2017 Disclaimer: Comments do not represent the views of INQUIRER.net. We reserve the right to exclude comments which are inconsistent with our editorial standards. FULL DISCLAIMER share this The Inquirer Channels News Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Technology Business Opinion Global Nation Services Sitemap Mobile RSS Email Us Archive Contact Us Advertise News Letter Job Openings The Inquirer Company About INQUIRER.net About the INQUIRER User Agreement Link Policy Privacy Policy Article Index Partners Hinge Inquirer Bandera Cebu Daily News DZIQ990 AM Motion Cars PBA PesoPay IIDM © Copyright 1997-2016 INQUIRER.net | All Rights Reserved
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Economy Trump has to learn that the US prez’s Budget message does not weigh heavily on the Congress, even when it is controlled by his party Trump has to learn that the US prez’s Budget message does not weigh heavily on the Congress, even when it is controlled by his party No one expects an incoming president to know anything about nuclear physics though the decision to push the button is the most serious one an American president has to make. By: Meghnad Desai | New Delhi | Published: April 28, 2017 7:09 AM In Washington DC, while the Spring meetings of IMF and the World Bank were on, the main worry was not so much the global economy (which, by IMF predictions, is doing fine ) but whether Donald Trump took a sensible views of economics or not. No one expects an incoming president to know anything about nuclear physics though the decision to push the button is the most serious one an American president has to make. But somehow, they are all supposed to understand, if not know, the economic problems the country faces and be able to propose solutions. The problem is that, of all the incoming candidates over the years, Trump spoke more of the economic malaise confronting America and had set of solutions ready. He wanted to solve the trade deficit problem by singling out China as a currency manipulator. He wanted to withdraw America from trade agreements. He wanted to spend a trillion dollars on infrastructure and give away a lot of money via a tax cut. He wanted to deregulate the financial services, but also wanted to hold Wall Street bankers to account. He disliked Mexico and the illegal Mexican immigrants and wanted to build a wall. Also Watch: A lot of ideas, not internally consistent nor likely to achieve the goals he had set himself. He was aware that there were losers from globalisation, from free movement of labour and goods and services. As a businessman who operated on his own, he did think that as president he would be all powerful and be able to take executive action swiftly. He was not aware of the game theoretic nature of the job. He had to contend with rival poles of power—Congress and the judiciary within the US and other sovereign countries who the US traded with. The first hundred days come to an end on Saturday, but Trump has made little progress on his agenda. His hasty executive orders on banning travel from Muslim countries fell foul of the judiciary. There is no money in the Budget (proposed by Obama and running from October 2016 to September 2017) for building the wall. Indeed, all the money in the current budget is pre-committed by the Congress which has the right to make the appropriations. Trump has been lucky inasmuch many of his top appointments are more pragmatic and better informed than he is. Thus, the Goldman Sachs members of his Cabinet have been telling him the facts of economic life. He has changed his views on China. It is not a currency manipulator, he now admits. He has had good words about Janet Yellen, the Chair of the Federal Reserve. Here, again, someone told him that it was not a good idea to be negative about Yellen and reduce her to a lame duck until her term is over in early 2018. The obstacle Trump faces is his own party in the Congress. The Republicans are split among two or three ideological camps—moderate-conservative, hard-line budget hawks and libertarian idealists. The factions quarrelled over the issue of reforming Obamacare. The Bill stalled and was abandoned. Even Paul Ryan, the Speaker and a darling of the Budget hawks and libertarians, could not rescue it. This has surprised Trump. If Obamacare stalls, there is little hope of getting the infrastructure spending through. Even the tax reform may not go through unless the president can reassure the budget hawks that the deficit will not be unmanageable. This requires Trump to convince them that the tax-cut will raise the GDP growth rate to 4%. Treasury secretary Steven Mnuchin has been arguing this, but has not yet convinced the legislators. Whatever may happen therefore on Trump’s economic programme, it is not happening any time soon. He has realised that his favourite solutions can have gainers but also losers. Thus, a tax on imports—the Border Adjustment tax is disliked by Walmart and other sellers of consumer goods. The people likely to be helped by it are supposed to be those who will get jobs when the hitherto imported goods begin to be made at home and generate jobs. But, the losers lose immediately while the gainers need to wait. This alone will make the tax difficult to legislate. It is unlikely Trump will be able to do much this year. We have yet to see his Budget message to the a Congress which will be one element in the 2017/18 fiscal spend. Trump has to learn that the president’s Budget message does not weigh heavily on the Congress. So, between now and September, the Congress will decide on the Budget for the next fiscal year. Until then, we wait and see. It is not clear whether we should be relieved or alarmed that Trump will be ineffectual in his first year. At least, he would have learnt how difficult it us to implement an economic policy. Bombing Syria or Afghanistan is much easier. No Comments. Trending Now US should review its options for dealing with Pakistan: Experts Congress calls for strategy to take on BJP in Arunachal Pradesh Sushma Swaraj calls on Cyprus President Nicos Anastasiades Facebook launches Messenger Lite in 132 more countries Apple experimenting with wireless charging via Wi-Fi router ASEAN to express grave concern over North Korea's nuclear tests E-taxi trial run to begin in Nagpur from May Top-level management rejig at Coca-Cola India Candidates in driver's seat even before they apply: Survey Taiwan's President Tsai Ing-wen understands Donald Trump's priorities; no plans for call Seoul rejects Trump demand it pays for THAAD missile system Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News यूपी: गांवों में शाम 7 बजे से सुबह 5 बजे तक मिलेगी बिजली, DM, SSP जनता से मिलकर दूर करेंगे परेशानियां- श्रीकांत वर्मा शीला दीक्षित की सलाह- सोनिया गांधी दफ्तर में दो-तीन घंटे बिताती थीं, राहुल भी ऐसा करें माओवादियों का ऑडियो - आदिवासी महिलाओं की इज्‍जत लूटने का बदला था सुकमा हमला Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
Skip to main content The Straits Times Business Toggle navigation Home Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Photos Graphics Lifestyle Food Forum Letters in Print Letters on the Web Readers' Post Opinion ST Editorial Cartoons Business Companies & Markets Economy Banking Property Invest Sport Football Tennis Formula One Basketball Golf Schools Tech Smartphones Tablets PCs Cameras Audio Wearables Games & Apps More Multimedia Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech SPH Websites SITES AsiaOne Berita Harian Hardwarezone herworldPLUS Lianhe Wanbao My Paper Omy razor SGCarMart ShareInvestor SRX Property STCars STClassifieds STJobs STProperty STOMP tabla Tamil Murasu The Business Times The New Paper ZaoBao Print Edition ePaper Amazon extends 20-year streak of double-digit revenue growth, shares hit new record An Amazon.com Inc driver stands next to an Amazon delivery truck in Los Angeles. PHOTO: REUTERS Published5 hours ago More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/425z Copy SEATTLE (BLOOMBERG) - Amazon.com's unbroken 20-year streak of double-digit revenue growth shows no sign of slowing this year, helped by an influx of online shoppers who are abandoning stores and new business for its cloud-computing division. The company topped profit and revenue estimates in the first quarter and projected sales that may beat projections in the current period, reinforcing its message to investors that big spending on warehouses, movies and devices are all part of a winning formula. "Amazon appears to be firing on all cylinders," said Mr Colin Sebastian, an analyst at Robert W Baird & Co. "The core e-commerce segment growth remains very healthy, Amazon Web Services was fairly stable even with the recent price reductions, and growth in subscription services and advertising is robust, starting to move the needle, and helping to augment profitability." Shares gained as much as 5.1 per cent in extended trading after closing on Thursday (April 28) at a record US$918.76 (S$1,282) in New York. The stock has jumped 23 per cent this year. The world's largest online retailer is dominating e-commerce in the US with its US$99-a-year Amazon Prime subscription, which includes delivery discounts, music and video streaming and photo storage that keep shoppers engaged with the website. Seattle-based Amazon had 80 million Prime subscribers in the US as of March 31, an increase of 36 per cent from a year earlier, according to Consumer Intelligence Research Partners. Prime memberships help lock in loyalty, which is critical as competitors such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. enhance their e-commerce offerings to slow Amazon's momentum. Amazon Web Services, its cloud-computing division, subsidises the company's spending for various initiatives such as expanding into India and Australia, speeding up delivery times to as little as an hour on select products, adding new skills and devices for its voice-activated Alexa platform and producing original movies and shows. First-quarter sales increased 23 per cent to US$35.7 billion. Net income was US$724 million, or US$1.48 a share, the company said in a statement. Analysts estimated profit of $1.08 a share on revenue of US$35.3 billion, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Amazon Web Services revenue gained 43 per cent to US$3.66 billion. That's slower than 47 per cent year-over-year growth in the previous quarter. A combination of better profit margins in the cloud-computing unit and a smaller increase in shipping costs helped Amazon beat earnings projections, said Mr Josh Olson, analyst at Edward Jones & Co. Amazon Web Services had a profit margin of 24.3 per cent in the first quarter, compared with 23.5 percent a year earlier. Shipping expenses, a major cost for Amazon, increased by 30 per cent, the slowest pace in at least six quarters, he said. Still, company spending remains an investor concern. Operating expenses rose 24 per cent to $34.7 billion in the quarter. "They earned US$724 million on US$35.7 billion in sales, or a whopping 2 per cent," said Mr Michael Pachter, analyst at Wedbush Securities. "Sales grew by US$6.6 billion and net income grew by US$200 million. They're playing mind games with us." Amazon on Thursday forecast operating income in the current quarter of US$425 million to US$1.08 billion on net sales of US$35.3 billion to US$37.8 billion. That compares with operating income of US$1.29 billion on sales of US$30.4 billion in the same period a year ago. Analysts projected sales of US$36.9 billion in the current quarter. Topics:  AMAZON TECHNOLOGY SECTOR More Share Tweet Linkedin Pin Google+ Reddit Print Permalink: http://str.sg/425z Copy sentifi.com Sentifi Straitstimes Top 10 Talked About Stocks BrandInsider Sponsored Content 300x200.jpg Lower iron levels can affect productivity at work g2000_a125767_2017apr24_300x200_stadv3.jpg Almost edible deodorant? Katfood advocates the power of natural skincare ha386_300x200_default.jpg Read the latest ST Specials and Supplements right here! Shopping iPhone 7 Plus 128 GB Now On Sale! Check Latest Price Now! Attractive Digital Gadgets from $1!! Only @ Auction Q! Never Lost Your Precious Belongings Again! HP Elitebook 840 Now On Sale! Check out Now! More Deals on Qoo10 Subscribe to The Straits Times call 6388-3838 or click here Available for iPhones and iPads Available in Google Play Back to the top Singapore Politics Asia World Videos Multimedia Lifestyle Food Forum Opinion Business Sport Tech Follow ST The Straits Times SPH Digital News / Copyright © 2017 Singapore Press Holdings Ltd. Co. Regn. No. 198402868E. All rights reserved | Terms & Conditions | Data Protection Policy | Advertise with us We have been experiencing some problems with subscriber log-ins and apologise for the inconvenience caused. Until we resolve the issues, subscribers need not log in to access ST Digital articles. But a log-in is still required for our PDFs. Close
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 32° Air Quality: PSI 36-63 We set you thinking Friday 28 April 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Health Science newstream Lifestyle Yes, there is a right way to wash your hair 1493357160 China&India - 1493362307 World Malaysian parents pinched by rising international school fees 1493362007 Business Honda forecasts lower operating profit in 2017/18 1493361206 World Lipstick handy, lorry driver forges her own path 1493361407 World - 1493361111 World Hungary PM says second border fence to keep out migrants finished 1493360881 World China sentences prominent rights lawyer in closed trial 1493360710 World Knights of Malta draw battle lines after clash with pope 1493360186 World Thailand under strain from tourist surge 1493360513 Business Profit-taking trips up Asian stocks, Korean won slips on Trump trade threat 1493359825 World U.S. anti-missile system 'should be decision for next South Korean government' 1493359148 Entertainment Beyoncé 3.0: The maternal ideal 1493358407 World Trump says he thought being president would be easier than his old life 1493357520 Business Tech firms race to spot video violence 1493357506 World Malaysia PM warns uneven growth could fuel extremism, instability in SE Asia 1493354460 Entertainment Farm-to-festival: Thai folk music strikes a global chord 1493356560 Business Next battleground: An aging Great Lakes pipeline stirs new protest 1493356585 Business U.S. refiners bet on strong exports to balance market 1493356236 World Tillerson to lay U.N. groundwork to boost North Korea sanctions 1493355785 Business Top Foxconn executives visit White House, but mum on details 1493355577 World U.S. warns of possible conflict with North Korea, China says situation could escalate 1493353560 Entertainment Hong Kong star G.E.M. to bring Queen of Hearts show to Singapore 1493355406 Business Investors, South Korean tech suppliers brush off North Korea threat 1493354920 World Brazil faces nationwide strike threatening to paralyze country 1493353002 China&India Man jailed for holding up Hong Kong money exchange with a fake grenade and air pistol 1493350260 Tech Single log-in option for online services will be out ‘later this year’ 1493351760 World Afghan Taliban launch spring offensive as U.S. reviews strategy 1493352238 World South Korea paying for THAAD 'impossible': adviser to presidential frontrunner 1493351435 Business Congress readies votes Friday on bill to avert government shutdown 1493351290 Entertainment Xiang Yun, Rebecca Lim and Kym Ng to lead a tour through Caldecott Broadcast Centre 1493350860 World Highlights of Reuters interview with Trump 1493350031 Business Trump says was 'psyched to terminate NAFTA' but reconsidered 1493349748 World When Malaysian school authorities use the rod... and physically harm children 1493348760 Singapore Layoffs down in Q1 2017, but total employment shrank: MOM 1493344680 World Exclusive: Trump complains Saudis not paying fair share for U.S. defense 1493348216 Singapore JCs slated for closure: Raft of ideas from alumni to preserve heritage 1493323320 Business Exclusive: Tesla's Klaus Grohmann ousted after clash with CEO Musk - sources 1493348035 World South Korea to 'wait and see' after Trump threat to scrap free trade deal 1493347504 World Exclusive: Trump spurns Taiwan president's suggestion of another phone call 1493347608 Daily Focus British inventor takes flight in ‘Iron Man’ suit 1493340660 Business Oil prices rise on potential OPEC cut extension, but face second weekly loss 1493346593 World Trump says 'major, major' conflict with North Korea possible, but seeks diplomacy 1493341020 Business South Korea automakers concerned over possible revision of U.S. trade deal 1493345752 Business Uber's Levandowski to take smaller role in self-driving during Waymo lawsuit 1493345349 World Online videos of killings pose tricky problem for Facebook 1493343412 Voices Toa Payoh incident shows need for moral values 1493343406 Singapore Uber banking on innovation to stay ahead of the pack 1493323320 Singapore "Unemployment could rise further" as Singapore tackles structural transition: Swee Say 1493343000 Business Microsoft's silver lining: Surface loses, but Windows wins 1493341068 Entertainment British inventor takes flight in ‘Iron Man’ suit Gravity founder Richard Browning fields questions about his personal flight suit at a TED Conference in Vancouver, Canada, on April 27, 2017. Photo: AFP mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 8:50 AM, April 28, 2017 Updated: 10:40 AM, April 28, 2017 VANCOUVER — British inventor Richard Browning lifted off from the shore of Vancouver Harbour on Thursday (April 27) in a personal flight suit that inspired references to comic superhero Iron Man. Using thrusters attached to his arms and back, Browning flew in a circle and hovered a short distance from the ground, captivating attendees at a prestigious TED Conference. The personal flight suit is capable of propelling wearers much higher and faster, according to its creators. “The hypothesis was that the human mind and body, if properly augmented, could achieve some pretty cool stuff,” the extreme athlete and engineer said at the gathering a short time earlier. Mr Browning told of experimenting with various numbers and arrays of essentially miniature jet engines on his limbs. Along the way, he said, there were more than a few crashes to the ground. “The whole journey was about trying and failing, and learning from that,” Mr Browning said. The first reasonably stable, six-second flight with the gear inspired his team to press on. His start-up, Gravity, formally debuted about a month ago with an early-version suit called Daedalus. A 55-second video clip of the suit in action has logged more than a million views since being posted on YouTube about three weeks ago. Mr Browning said he is already getting interest from investors and some in the British military who told him they had given up on the flight feature of an Iron Man suit until seeing his human-propulsion gear. “I don’t think anyone is going to be going down to Wal-Mart with it or taking anybody to school for quite a while, but the team at Gravity is moving it along,” Mr Browning said. He dreams of a flight suit that one day will allow its wearer to launch from a beach, soar along the coast and then perhaps hop into a helicopter in the air to continue their journey. Mr Browning has already seen the early-version flight suit compared to ‘Iron Man’ armour worn by Marvel Comics character Tony Stark, but stressed that his goal is firmly rooted in the real world. He also described the project as part of a personal journey, inspired by an engineer father with a love for flying machines, but who died when he was just a teenager. AFP mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Daily Focus READ COMMENTED “Star-gazing” shrimp discovered in South Africa ‘You can change your life’, says former kampung boy who's an ex-VP of SGX ‘Thank the aliens’: Thousands displaced for China’s huge telescope ‘Sleeping giant’ glacier may lift sea levels by two metres: Study ‘Reverse microwave’ that can chill drinks in 45 seconds developed When to tell daughters about a genetic breast cancer risk Swedish startup uses AI to figure out what dolphins talk about No longer a dream: Silicon Valley takes on the flying car Mixing medicines and supplements could be harmful Humans lived in North America 130,000 years ago, study claims British inventor takes flight in ‘Iron Man’ suit Baby whales ‘whisper’ to mothers to avoid predators: Study Artificial womb for super-preemies works with sheep 500kg Egyptian sheds half her weight after India surgery Inside Today World Malaysian parents pinched by rising international school fees Lipstick handy, lorry driver forges her own path - Hungary PM says second border fence to keep out migrants finished China sentences prominent rights lawyer in closed trial Business Honda forecasts lower operating profit in 2017/18 Profit-taking trips up Asian stocks, Korean won slips on Trump trade threat Tech firms race to spot video violence Next battleground: An aging Great Lakes pipeline stirs new protest U.S. refiners bet on strong exports to balance market Sports ESPN layoffs a sign that live sports TV industry is in crisis FAS elections: Embattled Bill Ng strikes confident pose despite turbulent fortnight Stanchart Marathon Singapore bidding to be 7th World Marathon Major Video assistant referees for next year’s World Cup finals: FIFA Chinese club Guangzhou charged by AFC for fans’ “British Dogs” banner Entertainment Beyoncé 3.0: The maternal ideal Farm-to-festival: Thai folk music strikes a global chord Hong Kong star G.E.M. to bring Queen of Hearts show to Singapore Xiang Yun, Rebecca Lim and Kym Ng to lead a tour through Caldecott Broadcast Centre British inventor takes flight in ‘Iron Man’ suit About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 4:01pm Fri 28 April Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Amazon CEO Jeff Bezos adds US$3.3 billion to his fortune in one day 1:01 PM Friday Apr 28, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print Amazon.com United States Jeff Bezos is now $5 billion away from becoming the richest man in the world. Photo / Bloomberg Amazon boss Jeff Bezos added US$3.3 billion ($4.8b) to his fortune today in after-hours trading of the e-commerce giants' shares, Bloomberg reports. The move puts him less than US$5b away from becoming the world's richest person, Bloomberg said. Bezos saw his fortune surpass US$80b for the first time, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. Amazon.com Inc.'s unbroken 20-year streak of double-digit revenue growth shows no sign of slowing this year, helped by an influx of online shoppers who are abandoning stores and new business for its cloud-computing division. The company projected sales that may beat estimates in the current quarter, reinforcing its message to investors that big spending on warehouses that hold inventory, movies that engage customers and devices that dazzle are all part of a winning formula. First-quarter sales increased 23 per cent to US$35.7b. Net income was US$724 million, or US$1.48 a share, the company said in a statement. Analysts estimated profit of US$1.08 a share on revenue of US$35.3b, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Shares gained as much as 5 per cent in extended trading after closing at a record US$918.76 in New York. The stock has jumped 23 per cent this year. The world's largest online retailer is dominating e-commerce in the U.S. with its US$99-a-year Amazon Prime subscription, which includes delivery discounts, music and video streaming and photo storage that keep shoppers engaged with the website. Seattle-based Amazon had 80 million Prime subscribers in the U.S. as of March 31, an increase of 36 percent from a year earlier, according to Consumer Intelligence Research Partners. Amazon Web Services, its cloud-computing division, subsidizes the company's spending for various initiatives such as expanding into India and Australia, speeding up delivery times to as little as an hour on select products, adding new skills and devices for its voice-activated Alexa platform and producing original movies and shows. Operating expenses rose 24 per cent to US$34.7b in the quarter. Prime memberships help lock in loyalty, which is critical as competitors such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. enhance their e-commerce offerings to slow Amazon's momentum. Amazon forecast operating income in the current quarter of US$425m to US$1.08b on net sales of US$35.3b to US$37.8b. That compares with operating income of US$1.29b on sales of US$30.4b in the same period a year ago. Analysts projected sales of US$36.9b in the current quarter. Amazon Web Services revenue gained 43 per cent to US$3.66b. That's slower than 47 per cent year-over-year growth in the previous quarter. - Bloomberg Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate RSA collection thieves despicable - police Police hunt "despicable" Anzac Day donation thieves. Hawke's Bay Today Recycled paint scheme reaching milestone after 11 years Resene PaintWise is about to recycle their three millionth pack of paint. Bay of Plenty Times Bay of Plenty river search underway Emergency services are searching a Bay of Plenty river for a missing person. Our Features' Top Stories Driven Friday shakedown sets the tone for Rally of Whangarei Skoda Fabias the cars to beat after Whangarei rally shakedown... Viva Auckland's newest bars and eateries Check out the city's latest places to eat and drink True Commercial Auckland’s Twin Towers on the market Known locally as The Twin Towers, Auckland, has come up for sale. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production apcf05 at 28 Apr 2017 18:24:35 Processing Time: 9ms
We're Sorry eNCA does not support the browser you are using. Please update Internet Explorer to version 11 or higher, or download and install the Google Chrome browser No thanks I'll take my chances ... click here to view eNCA.com in this browser. 21 °C 8 °C Johannesburg, South Africa 23 °C 11 °C Pretoria, South Africa 28 °C 18 °C Cape Town, South Africa 26 °C 16 °C Durban, South Africa 24 °C 12 °C Mbombela, South Africa 23 °C 10 °C Bloemfontein, South Africa 23 °C 11 °C Polokwane, South Africa 30 °C 17 °C East London, South Africa 29 °C 13 °C Upington, South Africa 23 °C 9 °C Mahikeng, South Africa Change City Johannesburg Pretoria Cape Town Durban Mbombela Bloemfontein Polokwane Port Elizabeth East London Upington Mahikeng Newsletters News Stream TV Guide Story Freedom Day and the question of non-violence Story FULL SPEECH: Ramaphosa speaks on 'big elephant' in the ANC Story The Clinch TV - Zombie Apocalypse! Top Stories Video Radio South Africa Africa World Money Sport Technology Life Opinion Weather Interviews Podcasts Comment Now! British inventor takes flight in 'Iron Man' suit Technology Friday 28 April 2017 - 1:34am Gravity founder Richard Browning fields questions about his personal flight suit at a TED Conference in Vancouver, Canada, on April 27, 2017. Photo: AFP VANCOUVER, Canada - British inventor Richard Browning lifted off from the shore of Vancouver Harbor on Thursday in a personal flight suit that inspired references to comic superhero 'Iron Man.' Using thrusters attached to his arms and back, Browning flew in a circle and hovered a short distance from the ground, captivating attendees at a prestigious TED Conference. The personal flight suit is capable of propelling wearers much higher and faster, according to its creators. "The hypothesis was that the human mind and body if properly augmented, could achieve some pretty cool stuff," the extreme athlete and engineer said at the gathering a short time earlier.   Amazing personal flight training videos by Richard Browning #TED2017 pic.twitter.com/vbJh7VBfyw — Vladas Lasas (@lasas) April 27, 2017 Browning told of experimenting with various numbers and arrays of essentially miniature jet engines on his limbs. Along the way, he said, there were more than a few crashes to the ground. "The whole journey was about trying and failing, and learning from that," Browning said. The first reasonably stable, six-second flight with the gear inspired his team to press on.  His startup, Gravity, formally debuted about a month ago with an early version suit called Daedalus. A 55-second video clip of the suit in action has logged more than a million views since being posted on YouTube about three weeks ago. Browning said he is already getting interested from investors and some in the British military who told him they had given up on the flight feature of an 'Iron Man' suit until seeing his human-propulsion gear.   Just saw Richard Browning fly his jetpack at #TED2017 pic.twitter.com/V8Qx39JVaT — Adele Peters (@adele_peters) April 27, 2017 "I don't think anyone is going to be going down to Wal-Mart with it or taking anybody to school for quite a while, but the team at Gravity is moving it along," Browning said. He dreams of a flight suit that one day will allow its wearer to launch from a beach, soar along the coast and then perhaps hop into a helicopter in the air to continue their journey. Browning has already seen the early version flight suit compared to 'Iron Man' armour worn by Marvel Comics character Tony Stark, but stressed that his goal is firmly rooted in the real world. He also described the project as part of a personal journey, inspired by an engineer father with a love for flying machines, but who died when he was just a teenager. AFP Comment Now! Discussion Policy Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. RELATED STORIES French artist takes a crack at hatching eggs 29 March 2017 Abraham Poincheval aims to become a "human hen" by sitting and laying on the eggs inside a glass vitrine at a Paris modern art museum until the chicks emerge. Groundbreaking invention helps detect HIV/Aids drug resistance 29 June 2016 Exatype, a software solution that detects drug resistance in HIV/ Aids patients, has won Cape Town scientist, Imogen Wright, second prize in the African Innovation Awards. One on one with 'Please Call Me' inventor, Makate 28 April 2016 Nkosana Makate will be smiling all the way to the bank after Vodacom was ordered to compensate him for his 'Please Call Me' idea. Trending 1WATCH: Ramaphosa will serve SA well into the future says Gordhan 2Alleged coup plotter to appear in court 3Court finds for community in Shongweni landfill saga 4Hawks arrest man allegedly plotting assassination of prominent South Africans 5SAA offers to assist passengers for free after strike action Full coverage State capture - the Gupta link? Alleged coup plotter to appear in court English Premier League City, United shoot blanks in Manchester derby Anti-Zuma protest action Mandelas' granddaughter calls on leaders to account The rise of the Islamic State Two US troops killed, 1 wounded fighting IS in Afghanistan View All Cartoon Currencies Commodities JSE Indices US Dollar 13.3057 0.0499 GB Pound 17.1647 0.0674 Euro 14.473 0.0538 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. ICE Brent Crude $ 52.07 1.11 Gold $ 1265.94 0.06 Platinum $ 947.5 0.26 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. FTSE/JSE Top 40 46984.45 0 FTSE/JSE All Share 53680.69 0 FTSE/JSE Resource 10 32494.31 0 View More Data delayed by at least 15 minutes. SECTIONS Top Stories South Africa Africa World Money Sport Life Technology Opinion SHOWS #Africa Against All Odds CheckPoint eNCA Afrikaans eNCA isiZulu eNews Direct eShibobo Judge For Yourself Maggs on Media Meet the Media with Eusebius Mckasier Moneyline The Justice Factor Week In One ABOUT About Contact Jobs News Team Privacy Policy Press Releases Licensing Discussions Policy Advertise on eNCA.com WATCH US ON 24h Live Stream DSTV 403 e.tv africa eNews Direct eNuus Kyknet FOLLOW US ON Twitter Facebook Youtube RSS Feeds © 2016 eNews Channel Africa. All rights reserved NEWS STREAMclose View All News Stream 0 eNCA.com would like to send you push notifications. Notifications can be turned off any time in your browser settings. Yes, please. No, thanks. You have been registered for browser notifications Click here to find out how to turn notifcations off in browser settings. Close
What we do WARC brings together marketing information that helps you grow your business. Gain knowledge & know-how Unbiased advice on almost any advertising issue Stay on top of change Brand, category and media intelligence from the front lines of advertising Benchmark your advertising Find out how the world's most successful brands use advertising Uncover insights & trends Build powerful advertising ideas on smart insights Find data you can trust Global advertising data to help you make the right judgments Who uses WARC WARC is used by major companies from all corners of the advertising industry. Advertisers Benchmark your plans and improve your effectiveness Agencies Win new business, and grow your existing clients Media Owners Drive ad revenue by building a compelling case for your channel Universities Educate students, inform teaching and drive research Explore Get to know WARC through a few of our most popular resources. Awards Submit your case study to one of WARC's free-to-enter awards schemes WARC 100 Our annual ranking of the world's top marketing campaigns and companies News & Opinion Daily coverage of key developments for marketers worldwide Webinars Learn how to tackle marketing challenges from leading experts in our series of in-depth webinars Case Finder Search our cases by industry, media and more Topics Best practice and guidance on 100+ marketing topics Contact us Our offices around the world. Americas 2233 Wisconsin Ave NW Suite 535 Washington, DC 20007 United States t: +1 202 778 0680 e: americas@warc.com Asia Pacific 20A Teck Lim Road 088391 Singapore t: +65 3157 6200 e: asiapacific@warc.com EMEA 85 Newman Street London W1T 3EU United Kingdom t: +44 (0)20 7467 8100 e: enquiries@warc.com Full details for all offices > Log in Get a demo Tools Case Finder WARC 100 Strategy Toolkit ROI Benchmarker WARC Plus Pitch Builder Advanced Search Topics Topics Industry Sectors Geographies Best Practice Company Profiles Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Homepage Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards Log in Get a demo > Back Topics Brands & branding Campaign development Campaign measurement Consumer research & insight Marketing management Marketing strategy Media channels & touchpoints Media strategy Target audiences > Back Industry Sectors Alcoholic drinks Automotive Business & industrial Clothing & accessories Financial services Food Government & non-profit Household & domestic Leisure & entertainment Media & publishing Pharma & healthcare Retail Soft drinks Technology & electronics Telecoms & utilities Tobacco Toiletries & cosmetics Transport & tourism Geographies > Back Africa Australia & New Zealand Canada East Asia France Germany Greater China Italy Latin America Middle East & North Africa Russia & Eastern Europe South Asia South East Asia United Kingdom United States > Back Or try Advanced Search Get a demo Do I subscribe? News sign-up China's online grocery market to double News, 28 April 2017 Topics Supermarkets & grocery stores Online retail SINGAPORE: China already has the world's largest online grocery market in terms of value, but a new report expects this to double by 2020 on the back of increased smartphone usage, shifting demographics and more focused investment by retailers. According to IGD, an international grocery insights group, online currently accounts for 3.1% of China's total grocery market, but this is forecast to leap to 6.6% over the next three years. That would equate to a compound annual growth rate (CAPR) of 31.8%, leading IGD to predict huge opportunities for global brands willing to enter the Chinese market. "Set against our forecast CAGR of 5.9% for China's total grocery market over the same timeframe, the size of the opportunity for retailers looking to trade online is clear," said Shirley Zhu, the Singapore-based Asia Programme Director at IGD. She noted that a growing population of young, middle-class shoppers is "creating an aspirational class of shoppers who want access to grocery products at the click of a button" and who are "increasingly looking to source international goods". She explained that JD.com and Alibaba's Tmall are two major players in the Chinese online grocery market, although their strength lies in combining online marketplaces with brick-and-mortar stores as well as their efficient distribution networks. "These platforms are also increasingly delivering cross-border opportunities, both selling international products in China, but also selling globally, enabling lots of international retailers to enter the Chinese market through them. We're also seeing marketplaces like Alibaba and JD investing in bricks and mortar stores," Zhu said. "Other key online grocery retailers in China include Walmart via JD.com and Sun Art Retail, which sells via multiple platforms," she added. "There are also lots of other retailers investing in online – for example, Bee Quick, which focuses on fresh products, can deliver to its shoppers within an hour in the 14 cities in which it operates, while Carrefour launched in April 2016 and is extending its service to more cities." As the majority of people in China access the internet via their smartphone, IGD stressed that getting mobile commerce right is critical for grocery retailers looking to sell online in China. "Thinking mobile first is vital. Many retailers are rolling out apps offering exclusive discounts and special features, while other apps allow for easy e-payment solutions that allow people to shop online," Zhu said. "Brands and retailers are also advertising and have shops set up on WeChat, China's biggest social media network. Indeed, as China's online grocery channel continues to grow, we expect to see more partnerships created between retailers and manufacturers." Data sourced from IGD; additional content by WARC staff Sign up for daily news Latest News P&G plans $2bn further marketing cuts News Global marketing activity continues to rise News comScore offers free ad viewability metrics News 30-second video ads still prevail in Europe News When bad things happen to good companies News China's online grocery market to double News Grab finds success with Singaporean influencers News Toyota wins WARC Innovation Awards 2017 View more News and Opinion More from WARC The future of grocery: E-commerce, digital technology and changing shopping preferences around the world How Alibaba uses big data to understand China’s shoppers The voice of the Chinese customer: Facilitating e-commerce encounters Get a demo Topics Supermarkets & grocery stores Online retail 
 Please enter your feedback. Submit Send feedback www.warc.com © Copyright 2017 All rights reserved including database rights. This electronic file is for the personal use of authorised users based at the subscribing company's office location. It may not be reproduced, posted on intranets, extranets or the internet, e-mailed, archived or shared electronically either within the purchaser's organisation or externally without express written permission from WARC. × Close Email this content Send colleagues a link to this content. To send to more than one recipient, put a comma between email addresss. Recipient name: Recipient email: Message (optional): Send me a copy of this email as well. Cancel Email Tools Case Finder WARC 100 ROI Benchmarker Strategy Toolkit WARC Plus Pitch Support Index Latest News & Opinion Webinars Trends Event Reports WARC Reports Data Adspend Database Global Media Costs Media Consumption Awards Our Awards Partner Awards More About Contacts Help Sitemap Store Partners Event Listings Admap Best Practice Quotebank Copyright Policy Terms & Conditions © 2017 Copyright and Database Rights owned by WARC By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can change this and find out more here Hide message × Close Subscriber Login Not a subscriber? Forgotten your password? Login via Open Athens University Login Cancel Login
Thursday, April 27, 2017 Weather: 45° Forecast Classifieds: Homes Jobs Businesses Classifieds Digital Edition Subscribe Make a Payment Sign In Search: Sections News Sports Opinion Obituaries Go! Lifestyle Media Blogs Elementary students take over as top cops Friends remember singer-educator Leslie McEwen Pointing air pistol lands Cashmere student in custody More Headlines Legislature tags $2 million for Cashmere bridge project  Health providers offer unused medicine disposal  Douglas County to accept hazardous waste  Humane Society celebrates new barn  Photo Gallery: Chief for a Day  Other News Northwest Local National World Elections Business Quiet confidence: Goats runner Palazzo lets his legs — and his times — do the talking Hot Tickets | Cashmere, Cascade headline important games Prep focus: Wenatchee softball team’s incredible comeback against Moses Lake falls short before Panthers beat Davis More Headlines Prep Tuesday: Cascade baseball team squeaks past Okanogan in extra innings  Seahawks trade Lynch to Raiders  Hernandez put on DL with dead arm syndrome  Pirates’ IF Ngoepe first African to make MLB  Rockets GM fined $100,000 for berating refs  Other Sports Professional Local High School National Rec Kelli Scott | You should run. Yes, you. Safety Valve: Letters from readers Will France elect a Gallic Barack Obama? More Headlines Kelli Scott | Irregular order, in Olympia and D.C.  Guest commentary | Electronic medical records are here to stay  Safety Valve: Letters from readers  Kathleen Parker | Shutdown showdown — again  Art of Community | Salmon recovery conference highlights value of community-based efforts  Other Opinion Local Solutions Eva Faye Mortensen Shaw Funeral Service Directory Charles E. Ashworth More Headlines Diane George  Gerald Iblings  John Lee Boatright  Funeral Service Directory  Phyllis P. White  ‘Young Frankenstein’ brings Transylvania mania to the PAC Check it out: Our art and entertainment picks for the week The Planner More Headlines Flick Picks: Movie show times for April 28-May 4  Night Out: Clubs and pubs with entertainment  Spellbound: Local artists gather Sunday to showcase a history of ‘Dangerous Women’  Emily Bear returns to Leavenworth, will premiere new music  Danbert Nobacon releases new science-themed album  Other Go! Arts Music Events Movies Apple Blossom 2017 | Take it easy? Not Queen Amy In the Garden | Helpful tips for transplanting trees and shrubs Mediterranean diet is healthy. But is it Mediterranean? More Headlines Eat these 6 foods to add years to your life  Dear Abby | Classmate won’t stop bullying despite pleas from her friend  15 shaggy dog tales have happy endings  Apple Blossom entertainment schedule  Apple Blossom Festival’s 2017 Junior Royalty  Other Lifestyle Food Neighbors At Home Health Family & Faith Your News videos Hell on Hooves Roughstock Rodeo photos Photo Gallery: Chief for a Day photos Photo Gallery: A day with Queen Amy More Galleries Photo Gallery: WEN-CON Photo Gallery: Soccer jamboree Photo Gallery: Eastmont beats Wenatchee in soccer Photo Gallery: Students sign to songs Photo Gallery: Wenatchee Wild Hockey beats Prince George Other Multimedia Latest Videos Latest Photos Photo Galleries Share Your Photos Webcams Winemakers Journal: Villa Monaco: baker to winemaker Winemakers Journal: Corked wine not sublime Dave Bartholomew | Convenience comes at a price More Headlines League-leading Knight softball takes to the road Friday, Saturday Big Panther vs. Chief week...all nine teams face Moses Lake The Works | Tucker and the Moth Hillary Schwirtlich | Birds — nature's musicians WVC baseball, winners of two of their last three, home Saturday Other Blogs Index Community Connections Blog Directory Staff Blogs Recent Posts Staff Posts Blog Photos Blog Videos Weather The latest extended forecast from The Weather Channel Remove this weather forecast Related content Webcams » Tonight Lo40° Partly Cloudy Friday Hi61° Mostly Sunny Friday Night Lo40° Mostly Clear Saturday Hi61° Increasing Clouds Saturday Night Lo45° Slight Chance Showers Sunday Hi63° Mostly Sunny Sunday Night Lo41° Partly Cloudy and Breezy then Partly Cloudy Monday Hi61° Partly Sunny Monday Night Lo41° Mostly Cloudy Tuesday Hi66° Mostly Sunny More for you:Local Pointing air pistol lands Cashmere student in custody  Elementary students take over as top cops  Health providers offer unused medicine disposal  Douglas County to accept hazardous waste  Friends remember singer-educator Leslie McEwen  Humane Society celebrates new barn  Photo Gallery: Chief for a Day  Legislature tags $2 million for Cashmere bridge project  Community Connections | Waterville FFA fundraises with donkey basketball  FFA plant sales give gardeners a boost; offer gift ideas for mom  Property tax payments due Monday  Forest Service finding numerous washouts  Apple Blossom Past |1947  Cashmere man burned while trying to steal gas  Old news | Beautification project by the Columbia River Bridge  Elementary students take over as top cops by Pete O'Cain April 27, 2017, 5:22 p.m. Apple Blossom 2017 Send to Kindle WENATCHEE — In an afternoon of sweeping change, new police chiefs were sworn in on Thursday at six local law enforcement agencies. But only for a day. To kick off the 2017 Washington State Apple Blossom Festival, six kids were named Chief for a Day. The 15th annual ceremony opened with a with a long procession from Walmart to Memorial Park and closed with a helicopter flyover. The new chiefs were sworn in by Chelan County District Court Judge Nancy… Stay with the story. Get full access to The Wenatchee World online for just pennies a day! For as little as 27 cents a day, you can have complete access to all the local news, photos and video content from North Central Washington's primary news source. Read on any device, whether smartphone, tablet or computer. Your online access is free with any print subscription. Or, subscribe online only by the month or year. Note: If you are already a print subscriber but haven't yet activated your online account, click here to complete the activation process. View my options or Sign in Advertisements   SOCIAL Facebook Twitter Pinterest Instagram APPS Apple iOS Google Play SERVICES Subscribe Make a Payment Online Sign-Up Help Digital Edition E-mail Newsletters Newspaper in Education Special Publications Commercial Print Advertise With Us CALENDAR NCW Calendar Add an Event CONTACT US Paper Delivery Issue World of Savings Anniversaries Engagements Weddings Vacation Stop Letter to the Editor Staff Directory Contact Us MULTIMEDIA Videos Photos Photo Galleries Webcams CLASSIFIEDS Homes Jobs Business Classifieds PARTNERS The Art of Community NCW Foothills Magazine Lake Chelan This Week Medical, Health & Wellness Directory Quincy Valley Post-Register The Washington Post National Weekly Wenatchee Mom Blog Wenatchee Valley Business World © The Wenatchee World 2017 Terms of Use Forum Standards Privacy Policy
Home Mail News Sport Finance Celebrity Style Weather Answers Flickr Mobile More Yahoo Search Search News Home Follow us UK Yahoo Originals World Finance Sport Motoring Science & Tech Celebrity TV Movies Style Weather News Video Viral YouTube ad boycott could spell trouble for Alphabet's Google MICHAEL LIEDTKE Associated Press 27 April 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share View photos FILE - This Oct. 21, 2015, file photo shows signage inside the YouTube Space LA offices in Los Angeles. YouTube’s inability to keep ads off unsavory videos is threatening to transform a rising star in Google’s digital family into a problem child. The key question is whether a recently launched ad boycott of YouTube turns out to be short-lived or the start of a long-term marketing shift away that undercuts Google’s growth, as well as Alphabet Inc., its corporate parent. (AP Photo/Danny Moloshok, File)More SAN FRANCISCO (AP) — YouTube's inability to keep big-brand ads off unsavory videos is threatening to transform a rising star in Google's digital family into a problem child. It's not yet clear whether a recent ad boycott of YouTube will be short-lived or the start of a long-term shift away from the video service — one that could undercut Google's growth and that of its corporate parent, Alphabet Inc. Alphabet's first-quarter results, released Thursday, provided few clues. Major advertisers didn't start pulling their money from YouTube until the three-month period was nearly over. The company's earnings rose 29 percent to $5.4 billion while revenue climbed 22 percent to $24.8 billion. Shares surged nearly 5 percent, to $933, in Thursday's extended trading. CLOUD OVER YOUTUBE But the fallout from the YouTube boycott is likely to be felt through the rest of this year. Skittish advertisers have curtailed their spending until they are convinced Google can prevent their brands from appearing next to extremist clips promoting hate and violence. "There is no entity in the world that is more risk averse than a senior marketing person," says Larry Chiagouris, a marketing professor at Pace University in New York. "They don't want to go with a media choice that presents problems for a brand, and they don't have to because they have many other choices." Google CEO Sundar Pichai told analysts during a Thursday review of the first quarter that the company has had "thousands and thousands" of conversations with advertisers as YouTube takes steps to protect their brands. "We are evolving overall to a better place," Pichai said. At another point, he assured analysts that YouTube is still experiencing "extraordinary" growth without providing specifics. Even if YouTube continues to lose advertisers, it won't leave a huge dent in Alphabet's earnings. That's because marketers are expected to keep feeding the company's golden goose — Google's dominant search engine. Ads appearing alongside the billions of search results Google churns out each day still generate most of Alphabet's revenue even as it expands into other fields. But ad spending has been accelerating at a rapid pace on YouTube over the past two years as brands sought to connect with its audience of more than 1 billion people. Now it looks like things might taper off. TAKING THE GLOSS OFF Before the boycott began, YouTube's ad revenue after subtracting commissions was expected to rise 26 percent this year to $7 billion, based on estimates from the research firm eMarketer. Alphabet doesn't disclose YouTube's finances. Advertisers began to flee YouTube last month, after The Times in London and other media outlets turned up evidence that their brands were appearing alongside clips promoting terrorism and racism. The findings alerted advertisers that YouTube didn't have adequate technology or staffing to shield brands from some of the appalling material that gets posted on a site that receives 400 hours of video per minute. "This is an ostrich situation where the ostrich just pulled its head out of the sand," says Harry Kargman, CEO of Kargo, which helps manage ad campaigns on mobile devices. FLIGHT OF THE BRANDS At one point, about 250 advertisers were boycotting YouTube. (Some also stepped back from a related system that Google operates to place commercials next to videos on outside websites.) The list included big-spending marketers such as PepsiCo, Wal-Mart Stores, Starbucks, AT&T, Verizon, Johnson & Johnson, and Volkswagen. It's unclear how many, if any, of those have returned to YouTube since Google promised to hire more human reviewers and upgrade its technology to keep ads away from repugnant videos. Both Verizon and AT&T, two companies that are trying to expand their own digital ad networks to compete with Google, told The Associated Press that they are still boycotting YouTube. FX Networks confirmed that it isn't advertising on YouTube either. Several other boycotting marketers contacted by AP didn't respond. TEMPORARY HIT OR PERMANENT SCAR? Even if advertisers return, Kargman predicted they are unlikely to spend as much as they once did. "It's going to be a slow burn as brands quietly shift their spending away," he said. "There are now questions about the quality of video on YouTube in the long term." Read More Investors, however, apparently aren't too worried so far. YouTube's financial contributions remain a fairly small part of a company expected to generate $87 billion in revenue this year, after subtracting ad commissions. RBC Capital Markets analyst Mark Mahaney estimates the reduced spending on YouTube and Google's ad network for video on third-party sites could reduce Alphabet's net revenue by $300 million, to $1.5 billion, this year. Some of that spending could shift to Facebook, Mahaney said, although the social network is facing its own challenges trying to block live videos of violence that appall viewers and advertisers alike. Reblog Share Tweet Share What to read next FalseGuide botnet malware infects 2 million Android phones International Business Times 'End the injustice!': Venezuelan official's son stirs nation in YouTube plea to his father  The Telegraph Two million Android users have downloaded virus disguised as normal app Yahoo News UK 10 things in tech you need to know today (GOOG, AAPL, MSFT, AMZN) Business Insider UK Google parent Alphabet revs up revenue, profit AFP Woman shot by police during anti-terror raid in London Sky News Samsung, Apple keep top spots in smartphone market AFP Man arrested in Whitehall on suspicion of planning terror ITN In pictures: Man 'armed with knives' arrested on Whitehall under Terror laws Ligue 1: ‘I’d prefer to die than play for Paris Saint-Germain’ – Gignac Sporting News Trump, the tube and Ts & Cs: 40 things that really confuse British people Facebook says it will act against 'information operations' using false accounts Reuters They're back! The kids who interrupted their dad's TV interview are now a CARTOON Entertainment news Inside Jackie Kennedy's Fascinating Closet: A 'Dazzling' Array of Designers, Colors and Shoes with Lifts People In pictures: North Korea carries out massive military test in show of might Revealed: More people now think Brexit is wrong than right for first time since EU referendum Evening Standard By using Yahoo you agree that Yahoo and partners may use Cookies for personalisation and other purposes
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Sodexo Participates in 2017 Global STEM Talent Summit for Collective Short-Term Solutions to STEM Talent Development Strategies Global Chief Human Resources Officer, Gerri Mason Hall discusses the playbook for STEM talent readiness GAITHERSBURG, Md., April 27, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ -- Sodexo, world leader in Quality of Life services, today joined the nation's top employers and thought leaders at the Global STEM Talent Summit (GSTS), held April 27-28, at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C. The summit is led by STEMconnector,® the leading organization working with industry, higher education, NGOs and the public sector to provide resources and leadership that supports smart STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics) investments. Sodexo's global chief human resources officer, Gerri Mason Hall spoke to how businesses can work to address STEM talent readiness, retention and mentoring. This year's theme is short-term STEM talent development strategies and impact on business performance. "We are building off the success of last year's first-ever employer-led annual Global STEM Talent Summit and bringing together major industry partners to address the STEM talent gap that exists in our country—and globally," said Dr. Heidi Kleinbach-Sauter, senior vice president, global R&D, PepsiCo, and chairwoman of the Global STEM Talent Summit. "We have fully transitioned from STEM theory into action and our industry partners are implementing STEM talent development strategies to deliver sustainable enterprise growth." "As a company that provides more than 100 technical services to clients in 80 countries, sharing best practices in STEM talent development strategies to drive scale and speed in helping to solve the STEM shortfall is as much an honor as a business imperative," said Gerri Mason Hall, senior vice president and global chief human resources officer, Sodexo North America. Participating in the discussion on STEM talent readiness with Mason Hall were other large scale employers who all addressed the challenges of competing for STEM talent against the type of marquis-name high-tech companies that frequently draw the attention of talent. Those participants included Melissa Harper, vice president global talent and inclusion and diversity, Monsanto, Michael Regelski, senior vice president and chief technology officer, Eaton, Sheri Hickock, executive chief engineer, General Motors and Terese Taylor, global technology lead, Credit Suisse. The panel was moderated by Michael Norris, senior advisor, STEMconnector. The 2017 GSTS strategic partners include Acord, APCO Worldwide, Apollo Education Group, AT&T, BAE Systems, Base 11, BP, Burning Glass, Cargill, Carnival Corporation, Cengage Learning, Centene Corporation, Cigna, Credit Suisse, Dassault Systems, Deloitte, Discovery Education, FedEx, Gulfstream, Honeywell, Hope Street Group, Gallup, GM, Eaton, Indeed, Johnson & Johnson Innovation, ManpowerGroup, Lockheed Martin, Mind Research Institute, Microsoft, Monsanto, Monster, My College Options, The National Press Club, PepsiCo, Pillsbury Law, Pinnacle Group, Smiths Group, Stratasys, Sodexo, Sprint, S&P Global, Tata Consultancy Services, UCI Henry Samueli School of Engineering, Unilever, University of Phoenix, and Walmart.  "As disruption is evident, business leaders are shifting focus to talent investments and engagement in STEM and tackling the latest of new technology and skills required for jobs," says Edie Fraser, Chief Executive Officer of STEMconnector.® "As this GSTS initiative continues, leaders are intent on identifying and proselytizing investments in education proven to strengthen a sustainable, long-term talent pool." Sodexo delivers more than 100 services across North America that enhance organizational performance, contribute to local communities and improve quality of life. The Fortune Global 500 company is a leader in delivering sustainable, integrated facilities management and foodservice operations. Learn more about Sodexo at its corporate blog, Sodexo Insights. SOURCE Sodexo CategoriesUncategorized TagsCorporate Social Responsibility, Food & beverages, Tradeshow News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Pistol Bay Closes Financing, Extends Expiry on Warrants Next PostNext Karol Flannery Awarded as a Top Rated Real Estate Agent in Newburyport. Search Recent Posts Cystic Fibrosis Therapeutics Market to Rear Excessive Growth by 2020 North America Market Study on Pressure Guidewire: Global Anticipated to Be the Most Lucrative Regional Market During 2016-2024 US 3D & 4D Technology Market 2017 – Features Key Companies (Samsung Electronics, Faro Technologies, Hexagon, Autodesk, Dassaults SysteMes, 3D Systems Corporation) Global Hardware Security Modules Market 2017 – Market Size, Shares, Trends, Grwoth and Forecast Report Urology Disposable Market 2017 – Dr. Arabin, MedGyn, Medesign, CooperSurgical, Panpac Medical, Smiths Medical, Thomas Medical, Kangge Medical Proudly powered by WordPress
Want up-to-the- minute news? Sign up for HAMODIA'S Breaking News Emails* *You can select which emails you'd like to receive. Go × Home | Archive | Advertise | Subscribe | About Us | Contact Us א' אייר תשע"ז  -  ט״ז בעומר   |   Thursday, April 27, 2017 Hamodia - The daily newspaper of torah jewry Subscribe to the Hamodia print edition Sections Business Tech World Regional Israel Community National Politics Op-Ed Features Letters Classifieds Business Amazon Extends Sales-Growth Streak, Unfazed by Lavish Spending Amazon Extends Sales-Growth Streak, Unfazed by Lavish Spending Thursday, April 27, 2017 at 7:43 pm | א' אייר תשע"ז (AP Photo/Reed Saxon, File) (Bloomberg) - Amazon.com Inc.’s unbroken 20-year streak of double-digit revenue growth shows no sign of slowing this year, helped by an influx of online shoppers who are abandoning stores and new business for its cloud-computing division. The company projected sales that may beat estimates in the current quarter, reinforcing its message to investors that big spending on warehouses that hold inventory, and devices that dazzle are all part of a winning formula. First-quarter sales increased 23 percent to $35.7 billion. Net income was $724 million, or $1.48 a share, the company said in a statement. Analysts estimated profit of $1.08 a share on revenue of $35.3 billion, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Shares gained as much as 5 percent in extended trading after closing at a record $918.76 in New York. The stock has jumped 23 percent this year. The world’s largest online retailer is dominating e-commerce in the U.S. with its $99-a-year Amazon Prime subscription, which includes delivery discounts, music and video streaming and photo storage that keep shoppers engaged with the website. Seattle-based Amazon had 80 million Prime subscribers in the U.S. as of March 31, an increase of 36 percent from a year earlier, according to Consumer Intelligence Research Partners. Amazon Web Services, its cloud-computing division, subsidizes the company’s spending for various initiatives such as expanding into India and Australia, speeding up delivery times to as little as an hour on select products, adding new skills and devices for its voice-activated Alexa platform. Operating expenses rose 24 percent to $34.7 billion in the quarter. Prime memberships help lock in loyalty, which is critical as competitors such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. enhance their e-commerce offerings to slow Amazon’s momentum. Amazon on Thursday forecast operating income in the current quarter of $425 million to $1.08 billion on net sales of $35.3 billion to $37.8 billion. That compares with operating income of $1.29 billion on sales of $30.4 billion in the same period a year ago. Analysts projected sales of $36.9 billion in the current quarter. Amazon Web Services revenue gained 43 percent to $3.66 billion. That’s slower than 47 percent year-over-year growth in the previous quarter. Filed under: Amazon Print Email Gmail Related Amazon Shares Miss Earnings Forecast, Stock Sinks Amazon Shares Fall, as Earnings Miss Analyst Expectations Amazon Narrows 3Q Loss on 24 Percent Sales Gain Amazon Shares Jump as Earnings Top Expectations Amazon 1st Quarter Net Income Jumps More in Business Google Parent Alphabet’s Revenue Rises 22.2%, Microsoft’s 27.8% American’s CEO Sides with Airline Workers Against Wall Street Durable Goods Advance Modest 0.7 Percent in March Trump Tax Cut Could Impact Israeli Companies Dramatically U.S. Stock Indexes Flitter in Mixed Day for Markets OP-ED Trump Is Skillfully Navigating Washington’s Budget Realities Salted Bagels With Lox and Cream Cheese The Real Zachor The Shabbos Crisis Homicide Prevention Reestablishing Religious Liberty With North Korea, We do Have Cards to Play A Wall Too High Forget the Critics, Mr. President — Your First 100 Days Have Been Just Fine A Penny a Jew What Would the Kedoshim Have Wanted? Eternal Joy Removing Assad Is Key in Diminishing Terror Threat The Art of Middle East Peacemaking Features Nichum Aveilim 1 Iyar/April 27 Ice Boxed A Healthy Lifestyle Won’t Guarantee a Long Life. But It’s Worth the Effort Six Foods to Eat for a Mood Boost Editorial Cartoon – April 27, 2017 Sudoku – April 27, 2017 Supersize This Day In History 1 Iyar/April 27 Nichum Aveilim 30 Nisan/April 26 This Day In History 30 Nisan/April 26 Geo-Metrical Sudoku – April 26, 2017 This Day In History 29 Nisan/April 25 The Odd Side – April 25, 2017 Weather » Brooklyn 63°F Overcast See more locations » Stocks » NASDAQ 6,048.94 +23.71 (+0.39%) S&P 500 2,388.77 +1.32 (+0.06%) See more stocks » Currency » EUR 0.9197 GBP 0.7749 ILS 3.6312 CHF 0.9940 See more currencies » Got a news tip, picture or story to share? Contribute Sections Business Markets Technology World Regional Israel Community National Op-Ed Features Resources Weather Currency Stocks Zmanim Shiurim Simchas Readers Subscribe Letters Archives Classifieds Company Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us ➧
SECTIONS Home Market Companies Economy Tech Auto Mutual Funds Stocks Currency Opinions Todays Paper E-Paper Horoscope Photos Video Photo Story Home Industry The future of air-coolers and how Achal Bakeri brought a turnaround for the company Symphony The future of air-coolers and how Achal Bakeri brought a turnaround for the company Symphony With temperatures soaring to record highs as early as March and April, the summer of 2017 promises to be a scorcher. By: Jyotsna Bhatnagar | New Delhi | Published: April 28, 2017 5:17 AM Reminisces Achal, “I founded Symphony on a chance suggestion made by my father at a time when we were shifting to our new home in Ahmedabad way back in 1988. With temperatures soaring to record highs as early as March and April, the summer of 2017 promises to be a scorcher. Cash registers are ringing like never before as air conditioners and air coolers fly off the shelves becoming the hottest selling white goods. In the estimated Rs 3,000 crore branded air cooler market, undisputed market leader Symphony Limited, with a market share of over 50%, is making waves with the launch of its new range of premium coolers loaded with features like digital touch screen, voice-assist, and mosquito repellent. The range, not surprisingly, is an instant hit. It’s a perfect time to catch up with the 57-year old Achal Bakeri, chairman and MD of the Ahmedabad-based pure play air cooler major. Scion of one of city’s oldest surviving real estate families, Bakeri is the quintessential Gujarati entrepreneur, hardwired to spot new challenges and convert them into viable business opportunities. From a dream debut in the late eighties, Symphony almost went belly up a decade later only to rise phoenix-like to its present perch as the world’s largest air cooler company with an astronomical market capitalisation of over Rs 10,000 crore. Also Watch: The venue for our luncheon is one of the conference rooms at Symphony House, located in one of the city’s toniest localities, the SG Highway. Spread over six levels encompassing 60,000 sq ft of carpet area, the state-of-the-art building is a fitting testimony to the builder genealogy Achal has inherited from the Bakeri family patriarch, octogenarian Anil Bakeri, and later honed with an architecture degree from the prestigious CEPT University at Ahmedabad and an MBA in real estate finance from the US. I am ushered into the Symphony CMD’s office on the sixth floor overlooking a lush, manicured terrace garden. Our choice of drinks settled—I opt for a chilled glass of coconut water while my host opts for a seasonal juice—we get down to chatting as we wait for lunch to be served. In a market still dominated largely by the unorganised sector which accounts for 70-80% of the turf, several top brands are making a beeline for this lucrative space which is notching up an impressive growth of over 20% annually on the back of increasing demand from tier-II and tier-III cities. I am curious to know how Symphony has managed to retain its numero uno position. “It’s simple really,” laughs Bakeri. “We are compulsively, obsessively competitive.” The lessons learned from a near brush with bankruptcy way back in 2000 seem to have stood him in good stead. Reminisces Achal, “I founded Symphony on a chance suggestion made by my father at a time when we were shifting to our new home in Ahmedabad way back in 1988. We were not able to air-condition certain sections of the house and air cooling these spaces seemed the only option. The problem was that not only were the air coolers noisy and huge, but were an eyesore. My father asked me to explore the prospect of making an air cooler which looked like an AC. Intuitively, that made business sense to me and I took the plunge. Not only did I reinvent the air cooler, but raised an ordinary commodity into a branded lifestyle product by focusing on aesthetics, design and consumer preference. My company was the symphony amidst the cacophony” The first few years were a dream run with demand outstripping supply though the coolers were significantly more expensive than the local competition. A discreet intrusion by an office attendant interrupts the reverie. We move to the adjacent conference room where our lunch has been laid. It’s a sumptuous Mexican spread—crisp nachos, burritos, fresh hummus, a divine salsa, grilled vegetable sandwiches, and tacos. Bakeri serves me generous portions of the dishes, keeping a hawk eye on my plate for replenishments as and when required. Picking up the threads of the Symphony saga, Bakeri recalls how following its IPO in 1994, “we tried to do too much and in the process did not execute our strategies well.” From a single product company Symphony diversified into geysers, water purifiers, washing machines and exhaust fans. Unfortunately, the multi-product diversification did not factor in the market dynamics—the products were in segments which were widely copied and soon, rivals stole the market with cheaper copies. The result? Symphony’s entire net worth got wiped out and it filed for bankruptcy protection with the now defunct BIFR. But instead of throwing in the towel, a determined Bakeri chose to take up the gauntlet. “I realised I had bitten more than I could chew and decided to exit from the product diversification experiment to Symphony’s core strength—air coolers. While our earlier game plan was many products, one market, I changed that focus to one product, many markets.” Thus, began Symphony’s foray into overseas markets and simultaneously, its complete exit from manufacturing. “We re-engineered the business when I realised that my mind space would be less cluttered if I was not handling manufacturing. We outsourced manufacturing to OEMs while retaining a tight control on our products, designs and raw materials,” he explains. Today, Symphony is a case study for its unique and asset-light business model which has given it leg room to expand to new territories without being hamstrung by manufacturing. To strengthen its presence in lucrative foreign markets, Symphony has, over the years acquired Mexico-based Impco Air Coolers and recently, Chinese air cooler manufacturer MKE. This has enabled it to sell its products under its own brand name in over 60 countries. Symphony products have been endorsed by corporate giants including GE, Walmart, Lear Corporation and Carrefour. As on date, the company possesses the largest number of trademarks and registered designs in the international air cooler industry with a whopping 108 trademarks, 59 registered designs, seven copyrights and eight patents. The foreign acquisitions have also been made keeping in mind a market hitherto non-existent in India—industrial cooling. “We have evangelised and created this market from scratch in India. And our future growth will tap hugely into this untapped reservoir—from factories to engineering works shop floors to chemical and textile factories where air conditioning is neither feasible nor economical, large spaces can be air cooled to provide comfort to workers,” Bakeri says. The shrewd businessman has also spotted a potential market in vast spaces of temples, marriage halls, cattle sheds, poultry farms and green houses. And the biggest brand endorsement that Symphony industrial cooling has received is that it has not only executed India’s largest eco-friendly air cooling project at Baba Ramdev’s Yog Bhavan at Haridwar, but also the world’s largest air cooling project at the Mecca Complex in Saudi Arabia. Our meal is almost over. There’s a delicious unbelievably airy mango mousse for dessert. So what does the owner of a company, rated as one of the best-performing stocks of the decade 2005-2015 alongside Infosys, aspire for in the not so distant future? His reply stuns me. “To steer it to greater heights before handing over the reins to a professional CEO and board.” Father of two daughters, neither of whom have any aspirations to pick up the baton, Bakeri happily looks forward to a day when he can roam the world with his spouse, anytime, anywhere, on a one-way ticket sans any baggage of commitments! [email protected] No Comments. Trending Now US President Donald Trump orders investigation into aluminum imports US should review its options for dealing with Pakistan: Experts Congress calls for strategy to take on BJP in Arunachal Pradesh Sushma Swaraj calls on Cyprus President Nicos Anastasiades Facebook launches Messenger Lite in 132 more countries Apple experimenting with wireless charging via Wi-Fi router ASEAN to express grave concern over North Korea's nuclear tests E-taxi trial run to begin in Nagpur from May Top-level management rejig at Coca-Cola India Candidates in driver's seat even before they apply: Survey Taiwan's President Tsai Ing-wen understands Donald Trump's priorities; no plans for call Assembly Election Results 2017 Uttar pradesh Assembly Elections 2017 Punjab Assembly Elections 2017 Goa Assembly Elections 2017 Uttarakhand Assembly Elections 2017 Manipur Assembly elections 2017  EDITOR’S PICKS Sterling heads for strongest month in 8 years, hits nine-week high Demonetisation: Delhiites throng to petrol pumps, cooperative stores to use old notes Militants attack police station in Kupwara district Mumbai among world's top trending tourist spots for 2017 Spot pothole on Maharashtra highways and get Rs 1,000: PWD Minister Chandrakant Patil Hurricane Otto hits Nicaragua coast as quake shakes region Videos Netflix launches new horror series in LA Free wifi: a wolf in sheeps clothing? Delhi woman, teenager blame each other of rape in a hotel room 2016 Range Rover Discovery Sport Startech Exterior Interior Walk around 2016 Geneva Motor Show Hindi News यूपी: गांवों में शाम 7 बजे से सुबह 5 बजे तक मिलेगी बिजली, DM, SSP जनता से मिलकर दूर करेंगे परेशानियां- श्रीकांत वर्मा शीला दीक्षित की सलाह- सोनिया गांधी दफ्तर में दो-तीन घंटे बिताती थीं, राहुल भी ऐसा करें माओवादियों का ऑडियो - आदिवासी महिलाओं की इज्‍जत लूटने का बदला था सुकमा हमला Go to Top                     The Express Group The Indian Express The Financial Express Loksatta Jansatta inUth Ramnath Goenka Awards Privacy Policy Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback   Copyright © The Indian Express [P] Ltd. All Rights Reserved.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Friday, April 28, 2017 2:57 pm GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 29°C, Mostly Cloudy MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Tech/Gadgets British inventor takes flight in ‘Iron Man’ suit Friday April 28, 2017 07:35 AM GMT+8 ICYMI World Bank report: Pemandu biggest govt ‘delivery unit’ globally All eyes on Philippines’ gum-chewing, cursing Duterte Mourinho angry at ‘savvy’ Aguero over Fellaini red card The Edit: Check out these new TV spots for ‘Pirates of the Caribbean 5’ Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article Gravity founder Richard Browning fields questions about his personal flight suit at a TED Conference in Vancouver, Canada, on April 27, 2017. — AFP pic VANCOUVER, April 28 — British inventor Richard Browning lifted off from the shore of Vancouver Harbor yesterday in a personal flight suit that inspired references to comic superhero Iron Man. Using thrusters attached to his arms and back, Browning flew in a circle and hovered a short distance from the ground, captivating attendees at a prestigious TED Conference. The personal flight suit is capable of propeling wearers much higher and faster, according to its creators. “The hypothesis was that the human mind and body, if properly augmented, could achieve some pretty cool stuff,” the extreme athlete and engineer said at the gathering a short time earlier. Browning told of experimenting with various numbers and arrays of essentially miniature jet engines on his limbs. Along the way, he said, there were more than a few crashes to the ground. “The whole journey was about trying and failing, and learning from that,” Browning said. The first reasonably stable, six-second flight with the gear inspired his team to press on.  His startup, Gravity, formally debuted about a month ago with an early-version suit called Daedalus. A 55-second video clip of the suit in action has logged more than a million views since being posted on YouTube about three weeks ago. Browning said he is already getting interest from investors and some in the British military who told him they had given up on the flight feature of an ‘Iron Man’ suit until seeing his human-propulsion gear. “I don’t think anyone is going to be going down to Wal-Mart with it or taking anybody to school for quite a while, but the team at Gravity is moving it along,” Browning said. He dreams of a flight suit that one day will allow its wearer to launch from a beach, soar along the coast and then perhaps hop into a helicopter in the air to continue their journey. Browning has already seen the early-version flight suit compared to ‘Iron Man’ armor worn by Marvel Comics character Tony Stark, but stressed that his goal is firmly rooted in the real world. He also described the project as part of a personal journey, inspired by an engineer father with a love for flying machines, but who died when he was just a teenager. — AFP                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week Microsoft's silver lining: Surface loses, but Windows wins British inventor takes flight in 'Iron Man' suit Online videos of killings pose tricky problem for Facebook Nintendo Switch sales reach 2.74m within two months Hot Wheels toys coming to 'Forza Horizon 3' Watch the US$3m 'Dota 2' Kiev Major live from today Is Spotify working on a mysterious connected device? Hands on with the Samsung S8+ Bring a dinosaur to life with your phone (VIDEO) Interpol-led operation finds nearly 9,000 infected servers in South-east Asia Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake See this new ‘Wonder Woman’ TV spot Reuters Video: United Airlines settles with Dr David Dao, says CNBC Reuters Video: Cast and crew of ‘The Beguiled’ discuss the remake Reuters Video: Thai man murders baby, commits suicide on Facebook Live NYT Video: Food of the gods — ambrosia cake Related Articles Bollywood star Shah Rukh Khan is taking TED to India TV Startup cooking up silkworm noodles in China Healthcare visionary from Liberia wins coveted TED prize This prototype flight suit brings you that much closer to your Iron Man dreams (VIDEO) Marvel axes Indonesian ‘X-Men’ artist over hidden religious, political messages Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
connexion Français English Español Português Deutsch العربية EN London (AFP) - 04/28/2017 - 08:30 Barclays bank says profit down by more than half in Q1 Tokyo (AFP) - 04/28/2017 - 08:21 Sony sees net profit more than tripling in current year London (AFP) - 04/28/2017 - 08:17 Royal Bank of Scotland rebounds into slender Q1 profit Zurich (AFP) - 04/28/2017 - 07:25 UBS says profits surged 79 percent in first quarter Kabul (AFP) - 04/28/2017 - 04:36 Afghan Taliban announce start of 'spring offensive' Search form Search The News The Agency About Awards Press releases and newsletter Medialab Products Products and services Partners Inside AFP BUY OUR PRINTS You are here Home News British inventor takes flight in 'Iron Man' suit 28 Apr 2017 AFP / Glenn CHAPMAN Richard Browning attends the TED Conference in his personal flight suit in Vancouver, Canada, on April 27, 2017 British inventor Richard Browning lifted off from the shore of Vancouver Harbor on Thursday in a personal flight suit that inspired references to comic superhero 'Iron Man.' Using thrusters attached to his arms and back, Browning flew in a circle and hovered a short distance from the ground, captivating attendees at a prestigious TED Conference. The personal flight suit is capable of propeling wearers much higher and faster, according to its creators. "The hypothesis was that the human mind and body, if properly augmented, could achieve some pretty cool stuff," the extreme athlete and engineer said at the gathering a short time earlier. Browning told of experimenting with various numbers and arrays of essentially miniature jet engines on his limbs. Along the way, he said, there were more than a few crashes to the ground. "The whole journey was about trying and failing, and learning from that," Browning said. The first reasonably stable, six-second flight with the gear inspired his team to press on. AFP / Glenn CHAPMAN British inventor Richard Browning used thrusters attached to his arms and backto fly in a circle a short distance from the ground, captivating attendees of a prestigious TED Conference His startup, Gravity, formally debuted about a month ago with an early-version suit called Daedalus. A 55-second video clip of the suit in action has logged more than a million views since being posted on YouTube about three weeks ago. Browning said he is already getting interest from investors and some in the British military who told him they had given up on the flight feature of an 'Iron Man' suit until seeing his human-propulsion gear. "I don't think anyone is going to be going down to Wal-Mart with it or taking anybody to school for quite a while, but the team at Gravity is moving it along," Browning said. He dreams of a flight suit that one day will allow its wearer to launch from a beach, soar along the coast and then perhaps hop into a helicopter in the air to continue their journey. Browning has already seen the early-version flight suit compared to 'Iron Man' armor worn by Marvel Comics character Tony Stark, but stressed that his goal is firmly rooted in the real world. He also described the project as part of a personal journey, inspired by an engineer father with a love for flying machines, but who died when he was just a teenager. 28 Apr 2017 Previous Back to summary Next Newsletter AFP Subscribe to our newsletter AFP's worldwide network The global network of Agence France Presse covers 150 countries Find out more Find out more Contact us If you have news to share or a question, comment or suggestion, contact us via... MAIL Facebook Twitter Subsidiaries AFP Gmbh Sport Informations Dienst AFP-Services   About AFP AFP is a global news agency delivering fast, in-depth coverage of the events shaping our world from wars and conflicts to politics, sports, entertainment and the latest breakthroughs in health, science and technology. Useful links Site Map Contact us Terms of use Our Blog Correspondent Partners Business Wire close
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 17-21, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 17-21, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. Route 29 widening – Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. (UPDATE) Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane will be closed between 9 a.m. and 4 p.m. on Tuesday while formwork is removed from the Berkmar Drive bridge. During the closure, residential and business entrances on Rio Mills Road can be accessed from Earlysville Road. Bad weather on Tuesday will postpone the closure until Wednesday. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – A portion of Line Drive was opened to travel on April 5.  Line Drive at Zan Road remains closed in preparation for roundabout construction, scheduled to begin Monday. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org. (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious REHAB PROJECT BEGINS MONDAY ON RT. 628 BOX CULVERT – Motorists detoured during four-month closure Next PostNext RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 10-14, 2017 Search Recent Posts Uniserve’s Q3 results show continued revenue boost Teck Reports Voting Results from Annual General Meeting First American International Corp. Announces Results for Fourth Quarter and Year Ended December 31, 2016 Grupo TMM S.A.B. (GTMAY: OTCQB) | Grupo TMM Will Report 2016 Annual Information or Its Form 20-F at Least on May 26, 2017 CoolSculpting Offers High Satisfaction and Effective Fat Reduction, Says Vancouver Physician Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES – Scheduled activities: Week of April 10-14, 2017 RT. 29 SOLUTIONS LANE CLOSURES Scheduled activities: Week of April 10-14, 2017 CHARLOTTESVILLE — The following work is scheduled, weather permitting, on the Route 29 corridor in Albemarle County and the city of Charlottesville during the upcoming week. Speed limits may be reduced and traffic movements may be restricted within highway work zones. (NEW) or (UPDATE) indicate revisions since last week’s report. (UPDATE) Route 29 widening – Travel lanes are narrowed and shoulders are closed between Route 643 (Polo Grounds Road) and Route 1719 (Towncenter Drive) and the speed limit is reduced to 40 mph within the work zone. Expect intermittent single lane closures Monday through Friday between 9 p.m. and 6 a.m. Motorists should remain alert and use caution through the work zone. Route 250 Bypass – Right lane and right ramp lane closures Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m., on the Route 250 Bypass between Emmet Street and Barracks Road during staining of the sound walls. Be alert for directional signs, slow traffic and congestion in the work zone. Berkmar Drive Extended – New traffic pattern at the intersection of Berkmar Drive and Hilton Heights Road. The entrance to Sams Club from Berkmar Drive is closed; traffic should use the entrance off Hilton Heights Road across from Walmart. Northbound Berkmar Drive is reduced to one lane approaching the intersection with a stop sign at the intersection. Expect brief, intermittent traffic restrictions on Rio Mills Road between Route 29 and Millers Cottage Lane during delivery of materials; traffic controlled by flaggers. On Towncenter Drive in the vicinity of the roundabout, motorists should be alert for dump trucks and other equipment entering and exiting the roadway. (UPDATE) Hillsdale Drive Extended – A portion of Line Drive was opened to travel on April 5.  Line Drive at Zan Road remains closed in preparation for roundabout construction, scheduled to begin April 17. Flagging operations will occur on Seminole Court at Zan Road to install storm sewer system. Obey traffic controls and expect minor delays on Hillsdale Drive, Hydraulic Road, India Road, Zan Road, Greenbrier Drive, Pepsi Place and Seminole Court. For project updates, visit http://hillsdaledrive.org.  (END) Tweet Information in VDOT news releases was accurate at the time the release was published. For the most current information about projects or programs, please visit the project or program Web pages. You may find those by searching by keyword in the search Virginia DOT box above. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious NEW ACCESS RAMP TO ROUTE 666 OPENS APRIL 10 – Motorists should use caution while traffic adjusts to new traffic pattern Next PostNext Sonus to Showcase Cloud Native Solutions for Secure Real-Time Communications at NFV World Congress 2017 Search Recent Posts Uniserve’s Q3 results show continued revenue boost Teck Reports Voting Results from Annual General Meeting First American International Corp. Announces Results for Fourth Quarter and Year Ended December 31, 2016 Grupo TMM S.A.B. (GTMAY: OTCQB) | Grupo TMM Will Report 2016 Annual Information or Its Form 20-F at Least on May 26, 2017 CoolSculpting Offers High Satisfaction and Effective Fat Reduction, Says Vancouver Physician Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 28 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Sodexo Participates in 2017 Global STEM Talent Summit for Collective Short-Term Solutions to STEM Talent Development Strategies Global Chief Human Resources Officer, Gerri Mason Hall discusses the playbook for STEM talent readiness SOURCE: Sodexo, Inc. DESCRIPTION: GAITHERSBURG, Md., April 27, 2017 /3BL Media/ — Sodexo, world leader in Quality of Life services, today joined the nation’s top employers and thought leaders at the Global STEM Talent Summit (GSTS), held April 27-28, at the National Press Club in Washington, D.C. The summit is led by STEMconnector,® the leading organization working with industry, higher education, NGOs and the public sector to provide resources and leadership that supports smart STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics) investments. Sodexo’s global chief human resources officer, Gerri Mason Hall spoke to how businesses can work to address STEM talent readiness, retention and mentoring. This year’s theme is short-term STEM talent development strategies and impact on business performance. “We are building off the success of last year’s first-ever employer-led annual Global STEM Talent Summit and bringing together major industry partners to address the STEM talent gap that exists in our country—and globally,” said Dr. Heidi Kleinbach-Sauter, senior vice president, global R&D, PepsiCo, and chairwoman of the Global STEM Talent Summit. “We have fully transitioned from STEM theory into action and our industry partners are implementing STEM talent development strategies to deliver sustainable enterprise growth.” “As a company that provides more than 100 technical services to clients in 80 countries, sharing best practices in STEM talent development strategies to drive scale and speed in helping to solve the STEM shortfall is as much an honor as a business imperative,” said Gerri Mason Hall, senior vice president and global chief human resources officer, Sodexo North America. Participating in the discussion on STEM talent readiness with Mason Hall were other large scale employers who all addressed the challenges of competing for STEM talent against the type of marquis-name high-tech companies that frequently draw the attention of talent. Those participants included Melissa Harper, vice president global talent and inclusion and diversity, Monsanto, Michael Regelski, senior vice president and chief technology officer, Eaton, Sheri Hickock, executive chief engineer, General Motors and Terese Taylor, global technology lead, Credit Suisse. The panel was moderated by Michael Norris, senior advisor, STEMconnector. The 2017 GSTS strategic partners include Acord, APCO Worldwide, Apollo Education Group, AT&T, BAE Systems, Base 11, BP, Burning Glass, Cargill, Carnival Corporation, Cengage Learning, Centene Corporation, Cigna, Credit Suisse, Dassault Systems, Deloitte, Discovery Education, FedEx, Gulfstream, Honeywell, Hope Street Group, Gallup, GM, Eaton, Indeed, Johnson & Johnson Innovation, ManpowerGroup, Lockheed Martin, Mind Research Institute, Microsoft, Monsanto, Monster, My College Options, The National Press Club, PepsiCo, Pillsbury Law, Pinnacle Group, Smiths Group, Stratasys, Sodexo, Sprint, S&P Global, Tata Consultancy Services, UCI Henry Samueli School of Engineering, Unilever, University of Phoenix, and Walmart.   “As disruption is evident, business leaders are shifting focus to talent investments and engagement in STEM and tackling the latest of new technology and skills required for jobs,” says Edie Fraser, Chief Executive Officer of STEMconnector.® “As this GSTS initiative continues, leaders are intent on identifying and proselytizing investments in education proven to strengthen a sustainable, long-term talent pool.” Sodexo delivers more than 100 services across North America that enhance organizational performance, contribute to local communities and improve quality of life. The Fortune Global 500 company is a leader in delivering sustainable, integrated facilities management and foodservice operations. Learn more about Sodexo at its corporate blog, Sodexo Insights. Tweet me: #Sodexo global chief HR Officer, Gerri Mason Hall discusses the playbook for #STEM talent readiness at #GSTS2017 http://bit.ly/2qbXyZs Contact Info: Samuel Wells Sodexo, Inc. +1 (301) 987-4893 samuel.wells@sodexo.com KEYWORDS: Education, Diversity & Inclusion, Sodexo, STEM, STEMconnector         CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Black Point Fire (Wildfire) Next PostNext Streamlining Operations with Accounting Outsourcing, April Marks a 13 Year Milestone for BOSS Search Recent Posts Aeterna Zentaris Announces Replacement At the Market Issuance Program Camber Energy Announces Cost-Cutting Initiatives Arcos Dorados Holdings Inc. Announces the Filing of Its Annual Report on Form 20-F for Fiscal Year 2016 United Company RUSAL Plc: Overseas Regulatory Announcement, 2016 Annual Report Banco de Chile Files Form 20-F for the year 2016 Proudly powered by WordPress
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Home About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Community Briefs Education Health Politics Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Columnists Multimedia Opinion Special Sections Bakersfield Life Kern Business Journal Sponsored About Us Contact Us Subscribe e-Edition Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 60° Clear Bakersfield, CA (93301) Today Mostly clear. Tonight Mainly clear. Low 54F. Winds NNW at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: April 27, 2017 @ 10:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Submission Forms Place an Ad Advertise Subscribe Subscriber Services Search e-Edition Privacy Policy Terms News Breaking Business Community Briefs Education Health Politics Election 2016 Off the Press Opinion 2016 Presidential Election Results 2016 Local Election Results 2016 California Proposition Results Obituaries Funeral Notices Sports BVarsity College Condors Motor Sports Community Sports Events Art Business Community Health Music Religion Sports Theater Entertainment Food Music Arts & Theater Marketplace Homes Cars Jobs More Columnists Herb Benham Jose Gaspar Lois Henry Olivia Garcia Richard Beene Robert Price Steve Merlo Multimedia Photo Gallery Video Opinion Letters to the Editor Submit Community Voices Submit Special Sections 150th Anniversary Bakersfield Business Conference Just One Breath Kenny Graham Merle Haggard Seasons Year in Review: 2016 Bakersfield Life 20 under 40 People to Watch Kern Business Journal Sponsored Home News Breaking Breaking Store owner accused of shooting shoplifter arrested on assault charge The Bakersfield Californian 9 hrs ago 0 The owner of a convenience store who authorities say shot a suspected shoplifter in the back was arrested Thursday on an assault charge, deputies said. Elias Aguilar, owner of Azteca Market at 2801 Weedpatch Highway, was charged with assault with a firearm and taken into custody around 1:30 p.m., deputies said. Bail has been set at $50,000. Prosecutors declined to file charges against David Carrillo, the suspected shoplifter.  At 11:20 a.m. March 27, Carrillo entered the market, selected several items worth about $11 and placed them on the front counter, according to deputies. He briefly left the store, then returned. Carrillo gave Aguilar a Walmart gift card, took the items and began running out of the store, deputies said. When Carrillo was outside the store, Aguilar fired two rounds through the front window, striking Carrillo once in the back.  A vehicle arrived and Carrillo was helped inside. The vehicle fled, but was found a short time later in the area of Morning Drive and Breckenridge Road, deputies said. Carrillo was taken to Kern Medical in critical condition. The driver of the vehicle fled by the time deputies arrived and has not been identified. × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Videos 5:10 BVarsity Nightly for April 27 Updated 2 hrs ago 0 BVarsity Live first segment Updated 3 hrs ago 0 BVarsity Live 2nd segment Updated 3 hrs ago 0 Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Bakersfield Memorial Hospital fined $75,000 in connection with patient death Defibrillator saves life of 14-year-old boy at Chipman Junior High Sheriff's anti-sanctuary proposal nixed, won't be heard by supervisors PETE TITTL: A strong contender for best new restaurant Bakersfield freeway building: What's done, what's to come Sheriff proposes "non-sanctuary" status for Kern Search ends for Bakersfield woman lost in Tule River JOSE GASPAR: Adios, mamá Community Voices: Hazards of mainstreaming special needs students Elton John cancels Bakersfield show Images Videos Commented Sheriff proposes "non-sanctuary" status for Kern (19) Third KHSD officer readies civil suit claiming retaliation (16) JOSE GASPAR: Adios, mamá (10) Sheriff's anti-sanctuary proposal nixed, won't be heard by supervisors (8) Former KHSD chief pleads no contest to eavesdropping (8) Sheriff: Fox News report claiming county not honoring ICE detainers is false (7) DANNY MORRISON: Cesar Chavez's legacy is in good hands (7) Auto dealership owners enter guilty pleas for failing to file IRS forms (6) LOIS HENRY: 'Unpopular' science plays a vital role in getting at the truth (6) Rudy Salas latest local Dem slapped down for bucking party (5) Today's e-Edition Login Subscribe Sections News Obituaries Sports Opinion Entertainment Columnists Multimedia Sponsored Bakersfield Life Online Features Services Subscriber Services Submission Forms Place an Ad Marketplace Events Email Alerts Search Weather Contact Information Bakersfield.com 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA 93301 Phone: (661) 395-7500 Email: webmaster@bakersfield.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 Bakersfield.com, 1707 Eye Street Bakersfield, CA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Photographer: Brent Lewin/Bloomberg Starbucks Sales at Mexico's Alsea Hit by Anti-Trump Sentiment by Andrea Navarro @andreanavarror More stories by Andrea Navarro April 27, 2017, 3:07 PM EDT Analyst estimates 9% decline at stores open a year or more Brand was hit by call for boycott of American brands in Mexico Donald Trump calling Mexicans rapists, drug addicts and bad hombres has hit one all-American brand in Mexico. Starbucks’ same-store sales dropped 9 percent in the first quarter at Alsea SAB, the company that operates the brand in Mexico, according to estimates from Valentin Mendoza, an analyst at Banorte-IXE. He estimated the decline based on conversations with the company and his own calculations. “The numbers reflect the anti-Trump sentiment clearly,” Mendoza said in a phone interview. “There’s a 9 percent fall in the sales productivity at Starbucks stores.” The most important market news of the day. Get our markets daily newsletter. Sign Up The drop is the first registered for an American brand in Mexico attributed to Trump since he was elected last November. The president’s rhetoric toward the country led Mexican social-media users to call for a boycott in early January of American products. The protests targeted brands such as Starbucks, McDonald’s, Wal-Mart and Coca-Cola, with hashtags like #adiosstarbucks trending on Twitter. Starbucks issued a press release saying it stood ready to help and support its Mexican customers. Itaú BBA analyst Joaquin Ley cited the impact of the boycott in an April 26 note to clients. While Alsea doesn’t break down results by brand, the Mexico City-based company acknowledged the fallout in an email Thursday. “For a few days, we saw an impact in Starbucks’ sales in Mexico due to the context,” said spokesman Mario Paez. “It was quickly offset by the company informing on the link it has to our country, its relationship with Alsea which is a 100 percent Mexican company and its connection to the community.” Alsea reported first-quarter results Wednesday after markets closed, beating estimates for sales and earnings before interest, taxes, depreciation and amortization. The company operates several American brands like Domino’s, Burger King, Chili’s, P.F. Chang’s and the Cheescake Factory in Mexico. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Jeff Bezos Is Just $5 Billion Away From Being the World's Richest Person With Secret Airship, Sergey Brin Also Wants to Fly Why Getting Fired Is Worse Than Divorce Under Armour Loses Whatever Swagger It Had Left Amazon Extends Growth Streak, Unfazed by Lavish Spending Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Amazon Business Retail Technology Amazon extends double-digit sales-growth streak Originally published April 27, 2017 at 1:38 pm Updated April 27, 2017 at 6:21 pm Amazon.com on Thursday reported first-quarter profit of $724 million as sales climbed 23 percent to $35.7 billion. Share story By Spencer Soper Bloomberg News Amazon.com’s unbroken 20-year streak of double-digit revenue growth shows no sign of slowing this year, helped by an influx of online shoppers who are abandoning stores and new business for its cloud-computing division. The company topped profit and revenue estimates in the first quarter and projected sales that may beat projections in the current period, reinforcing its message to investors that big spending on warehouses, movies and devices are all part of a winning formula. “Amazon appears to be firing on all cylinders,” said Colin Sebastian, an analyst at Robert W. Baird & Co. “The core e-commerce segment growth remains very healthy, Amazon Web Services was fairly stable even with the recent price reductions, and growth in subscription services and advertising is robust, starting to move the needle, and helping to augment profitability.” More earnings reports Boeing sales dip as company says ‘tough’ cost-cutting will continue Amazon’s results top Wall Street’s 1Q expectations Microsoft’s earnings beat analyst forecasts Alaska Air’s profit tumbles, partly from Virgin merger costs Starbucks falls short of revenue forecast but earns record second-quarter profit Airbus earnings cut in half by lingering problems on three plane programs Wall Street balks as American Airlines gives employees pay raises Amazon stock was up as much as 5.1 percent in extended trading Thursday after closing the regular session at a record $918.38. The stock has jumped 23 percent this year. The world’s largest online retailer is dominating e-commerce in the U.S. with its $99-a-year Amazon Prime subscription, which includes delivery discounts, music and video streaming and photo storage that keep shoppers engaged with the website. Seattle-based Amazon had 80 million Prime subscribers in the U.S. as of March 31, an increase of 36 percent from a year earlier, according to Consumer Intelligence Research Partners. Prime memberships help lock in loyalty, which is critical as competitors such as Wal-Mart Stores enhance their e-commerce offerings to slow Amazon’s momentum. Amazon Web Services, its cloud-computing division, subsidizes the company’s spending for various initiatives such as expanding into India and Australia, speeding up delivery times to as little as an hour on select products, adding new skills and devices for its voice-activated Alexa platform, producing original movies and shows and testing new services in the grocery sector. First-quarter sales increased 23 percent to $35.7 billion. Net income was $724 million, or $1.48 a share, the company said in a statement. Analysts estimated profit of $1.08 a share on revenue of $35.3 billion, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Amazon Web Services revenue gained 43 percent to $3.66 billion. That’s slower than the 47 percent year-over-year growth in the previous quarter. A combination of better profit margins in the cloud-computing unit and a smaller increase in shipping costs helped Amazon beat earnings projections, said Josh Olson, an analyst at Edward Jones & Co. Amazon Web Services had a profit margin of 24.3 percent in the first quarter, compared with 23.5 percent a year earlier. Shipping expenses, a major cost for Amazon, increased by 30 percent, the slowest pace in at least six quarters, Olson said. Still, company spending remains an investor concern. Operating expenses rose 24 percent to $34.7 billion in the quarter. “They earned $724 million on $35.7 billion in sales, or a whopping 2 percent,” said Michael Pachter, analyst at Wedbush Securities. “Sales grew by $6.6 billion and net income grew by $200 million. They’re playing mind games with us.” Amazon on Thursday forecast operating income in the current quarter of $425 million to $1.08 billion on net sales of $35.3 billion to $37.8 billion. That compares with operating income of $1.29 billion on sales of $30.4 billion in the same period a year ago. Analysts projected sales of $36.9 billion in the current quarter. Bezos $5B shy of richest person A surge in after-hours trading for Amazon.com added $3.3 billion to the fortune of Jeff Bezos, putting him less than $5 billion away from becoming the world’s richest person. Bezos saw his fortune surpass $80 billion for the first time, according to the Bloomberg Billionaires Index. The 53-year old has added $65.2 billion to his net worth since the index debuted in March 2012 and ended Thursday’s regular session with a net worth of $79 billion. His net worth will surpass $80 billion on the index for the first time if the after-hour gains hold Friday. Amazon shares climbed nearly $50, reaching as high as $965 in after-hours trading, after the company projected sales that may beat estimates in the current quarter, furthering an unbroken 20-year streak of double-digit revenue growth. The rise for Bezos beat the after-hours gains seen by Google co-founders Larry Page and Sergey Brin. The pair added $1.4 billion when shares of Google parent Alphabet rose as high as $938.18 on news that the smartphone ad business helped Alphabet post revenue of $20.12 billion and net income of $7.73 a share. Page is now worth $44.7 billion and Brin $43.7 billion, the 11th- and 12th-richest people in the world Thursday. Microsoft co-founder Bill Gates has been No. 1 on the Bloomberg index since May 17, 2013. His fortune slipped $200 million to $87.1 billion in after-hours trading Thursday as Microsoft presented mixed results and slowing tablet sales growth. Reported by Bloomberg’s Brendan Coffey and Jack Witzig Email Newsletter Sign-up Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Under Armour, Comcast gain on earnings; Southwest drops Previous Story Trump tax plan stands to benefit the man in the White House Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Subscribe & Save 33% Off the cover price Subscribe Now Gift Subscription Subscription Services Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email 100 Days, 100 Horrors The Trump Presidency’s greatest face-plants, falsehoods, and flip-flops. by Nancy LeTourneau April 27, 2017 3:48 PM Politics Gage Skidmore/Flickr Donate Subscribe Share Tweet Print Email As we approach Donald Trump’s 100th day in office, we are seeing competing narratives. The president and his fan base in the right wing media are pretending that he has made historic accomplishments. In the reality-based world, the consensus is that he has done almost nothing. Both of those narratives involve the kind of metric we normally use to evaluate presidencies. If this one has been anything, it’s unprecedented. Using an alternative metric – the number of face-plants, falsehoods, flip-flops, etc, – there is no question that Donald Trump and his aides have brought us at least 100 horrors in the last 100 days. We thought that was worth documenting. 1. Gave a dystopian inaugural address that has been titled “American Carnage.” 2. Insisted on a special press conference (the first of his presidency) to claim that his inaugural crowd was the largest in history, in the face of overwhelming evidence to the contrary. 3. Scrubbed the White House web site of pages related to LGBT rights, civil rights, climate change and health care on the first day. 4. Counselor Kellyanne Conway attempted to justify White House lies about the size of the inaugural crowd by calling them “alternative facts.” 5. Chose the former executive chair of Breitbart News and white nationalist Steve Bannon to be his Senior Counselor and Chief Strategist. 6. Signed an executive order reorganizing the National Security Council, giving Bannon a seat on the “principals committee” while downgrading the roles of the chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the director of national intelligence. After appointing H. R. McMaster as National Security Advisor, this executive order was reversed. 7. Issued a travel ban that was incompetently administered, leading to chaos. 8. Repeatedly claimed that 3-4 million people voted illegally in the 2016 election. 9. Authorized a raid in Yemen in which “everything that could go wrong did.” While the al Qaeda leader who was the target was neither captured nor killed, it resulted in the death of a Navy Seal and dozens of civilians, many of whom were children. 10. Said that the media is the opposition party and tweeted that the press is the enemy of the people. 11. Hired Sebastian Gorka to be his top counter-terrorism aide – a man with long-standing ties to a Hungarian group that the State Department labeled as having been “under the direction of the Nazi Government of Germany” during World War II. 12. Nominated Jeff Sessions to be Attorney General – a man that the Senate had previously determined was too racist to serve as a federal judge. 13. Nominated Betsy DeVos to be Secretary of Education – a billionaire heiress with no experience or training in public education who has focused on advocacy for charter schools and vouchers. 14. Nominated Scott Pruitt to be the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency – an Oklahoma politician who rejects the scientific consensus on climate change and has been described as a leading advocate against the EPA’s agenda. 15. Nominated Rick Perry to be Secretary of Energy – a former Governor of Texas who promised to eliminate the Department of Energy while campaigning for president in 2012. As recently as last fall, Perry had no idea that the Department’s main job involves overseeing the federal government’s nuclear labs and programs. 16. Nominated Ben Carson to be Secretary of Housing and Urban Development – a neurosurgeon with no training or professional experience in affordable housing. Carson once referred to HUD activities as “failed socialist experiments. 17. Nominated a cabinet that is the richest in American history, with a higher net worth than the combined net worth of one-third of Americans. 18. Gave a speech at CIA headquarters in front of the Memorial Wall that focused on bragging about his electoral victory and the size of the crowd at his inauguration. 19. Refused to release his tax returns. 20. Refused to divest himself of his business interests, setting up what has been referred to as a “half-blind trust” in which his sons will manage his business interests and report to him quarterly. 21. Got angry on a phone call with the Mexican president and threatened to send U.S. troops to stop the “bad hombres” down there. 22. Lost his temper on a phone call with the Australian Prime Minister over a refugee program and hung up on him. 23. Issued a statement recognizing Holocaust Memorial Day that didn’t mention Jews. 24. At the National Prayer Breakfast, asked the audience to pray for Arnold Schwarzenegger’s ratings on the Apprentice. 25. Took credit for cost reductions for the F-35 at Lockheed Martin when industry professionals credit them to efficiencies that were developed over time. 26. A federal judge issued a temporary restraining order blocking the travel ban. 27. Referred to the judge who halted his travel ban as a “so-called judge” on twitter and said that he would be to blame if there was a terrorist attack. 28. Counselor Kellyanne Conway made up a fictional “Bowling Green massacre” to justify the travel ban. 29. Fired Acting Attorney General Sally Yates for refusing to defend the travel ban. 30. During a speech at U.S. Centcom, claimed that the “dishonest press” doesn’t want to report on terrorism. 31. Claimed that he is a “smart person” and doesn’t need an intelligence briefing every day. 32. When Ivanka Trump’s merchandise was pulled from some department stores, Kelllyanne Conway encouraged everyone to “Go buy Ivanka’s stuff” on Fox News. 33. Called Michael Flynn in the middle of the night to ask whether a strong dollar was good or bad for the economy. 34. In his Super Bowl interview with O’Reilly, said that he respected Putin. When asked about the fact that he is a killer, said “We have a lot of killers. Our country isn’t so innocent.” 35. Had to put Vladimir Putin on hold while he received a briefing on the New START treaty. 36. During a lunch with Senators, talked about the need for compromise on immigration reform, but had to be informed about the fact that the “Gang of Eight” bipartisan bill had passed the Senate in 2013. 37. National Security Advisor Michael Flynn resigned after current and former U.S. officials revealed that he lied about talking to the Russian Ambassador during the transition about lifting sanctions. 38. After being informed that North Korea had tested a ballistic missile, held a security briefing in front of guests at Mar-a-Lago. 39. In his first and only solo press conference, repeatedly lied and berated the press – leading many to label his behavior as “unhinged.” 40. At a campaign-style speech in Florida, referred to a terror attack in Sweden the night before that didn’t happen. 41. After watching a Fox News segment, sent out a tweet threatening to “send the feds” into Chicago to deal with crime – a threat that hasn’t (as of yet) been acted upon. 42. Referred to his deportation efforts as a “military operation.” 43. Reversed the Obama Justice Department’s order which phased out the government’s use of private prisons. 44. A week before Flynn resigned, Michael Cohn (Trump’s personal lawyer) hand-delivered a sealed proposal to him that came from a pro-Russian Ukrainian politician and a Russian mob-connected former employee of the Trump Organization named Felix Sater that contained both damaging information on Ukrainian President Petro Poroshenko and a Russian-Ukrainian “peace plan” that they hoped would facilitate the lifting of sanctions on Russia. 45. Released a budget that cut both EPA and State Department funding by 1/3 as well as decimating domestic programs in order to make a downpayment on his border wall and increase military spending. 46. Defense Secretary James Mattis has to talk the president out of using torture and assure Iraqis that we will not seize their oil – both of which would be war crimes. 47. Said, “Nobody knew that health care could be so complicated.” 48. Employed a management style that created an atmosphere of tension, rivalries and backstabbing among White House staff that is often referred to as a “Game of Thrones.” 49. Repeatedly took credit when corporations announced U.S. jobs plans that predate his presidency (see: Toyota, Charter Communications, Sprint, SoftBank, Intel, Walmart, General Motors, etc.) 50. Justice Department officials revealed that Sessions met with the Russian ambassador on two occasions during the campaign and therefore lied during his confirmation hearing. In response, the Attorney General recused himself from the Russian probe. 51. In a fury over Sessions’ recusal, tweeted that Obama had “wire tapped” his phones during the campaign and compared it to McCarthyism and Watergate. 52. Accused Obama of wire tapping him without knowing the process for getting a FISA warrant. 53. Mobilized the White House to retroactively search for evidence to back up his lie about being wire tapped by Obama. 54. After February’s BLS report citing 235,000 jobs added, Spicer said the president told him to point out that such reports had been phony in the past, but are very real now. 55. Helped build a hotel in Azerbaijan that appears to be a corrupt operation engineered by oligarchs tied to Iran’s Revolutionary Guard. 56. The Trump Organization received approval from China for 38 new trademarks. 57. Put son-in-law Jared Kushner, who has no government experience, in charge of forging peace between Israel and Palestine, steering relations with China and Mexico, reorganizing government, managing changes to the VA, criminal justice reform, and the fight against opioid abuse. 58. Issued a second travel ban, which was also blocked in the courts. 59. The Associated Press reported that Paul Manafort, Trump’s former campaign manager, had been paid millions of dollars by a Russian oligarch to promote Russian interests. 60. Promised that no one would lose health coverage under Obamacare repeal. 61. After the Republican plan to repeal/replace Obamacare (AHCA) was revealed, negotiated with House Freedom Caucus members to make even more extreme. 62. Lobbied for AHCA after CBO determined it would lead to 24 million people losing their insurance and increased premiums, especially for the 50-65 year-old demographic. 63. Failed to garner enough Republican support in the House to pass AHCA. 64. Without replacements, fired 46 U.S. attorneys with no advance notice. 65. Claimed that Obama had used British intelligence to spy on him during the campaign. 66. Refused to shake German Chancellor Angela Merkel’s hand and then suggested that they had both been spied on by the previous administration. 67. At a House Intelligence Committee hearing, FBI Director James Comey announced publicly that Trump associates are under investigation to determine whether or not they colluded with Russia to influence the 2016 election. 68. Comey and NSA Director Mike Rogers said there was no evidence that the Obama administration had spied on Trump or that British intelligence had been asked to do so. 69. White House aid Ezra Cohen Warnick summoned Rep. Devin Nunes (Chair if the House Intelligence Committee) to a clandestine meeting at the White House in which he shared intelligence documents suggesting that the communications of Trump associates had been inadvertently collected. 70. Nunes announced what he’d seen to the press without consulting with other members of the Intelligence Committee. 71. Later, during an interview with TIME, the president said that his claims about being wire tapped by Obama had been vindicated. 72. Blamed former National Security Advisor Susan Rice for unmasking the names of Trump associates in surveillance reports and suggested that her actions might have been criminal. 73. After reviewing the intelligence documents Cohen Warnick shared with Nunes, members of the House Intelligence Committee (both Republican and Democrat) said that Rice did nothing illegal or even unethical. 74. Federal court documents reveal that former foreign policy advisor Carter Page had been recruited by Russian intelligence operatives in 2013. 75. A group whose chair founded the company that paid Michael Flynn for lobbying work on behalf of the Turkish government announced that it will host a three-day event at the Trump International Hotel in Washington, D.C. this spring. 76. The judge he critiqued for his “Mexican heritage” signed off on the settlement of a law suit against Trump University for $25 million. 77. Both the Secretary of State and the UN Ambassador stated that getting rid of Bashar al-Assad was not a priority for this administration in Syria. 78. A few days later, Assad used chemical weapons against his own people, something he hadn’t done since 2013. 79. After having denounced his predecessor for considering the use of military force in response to Assad’s use of chemical weapons in 2013, ordered the bombing of an airfield in Syria. 80. In referring to Assad, White House Press Secretary Sean Spicer said that “even Hitler didn’t use chemical weapons against his own people.” Spicer later apologized for making a comparison to a man who gassed millions of his own people in concentration camps. 81. A bombing raid in Mosul killed up to 200 civilians. 82. On the same day that she dined with President Xi at Mar-a-Lago, Ivanka Trump received approval from the Chinese government for three new trademarks. 83. After flipping on his campaign rhetoric about NATO, said that he hadn’t known much about the alliance when he said that it was obsolete. 84. Flipped his campaign position on China being a currency manipulator and claimed they quit doing so because he was president, even though China ceased their currency manipulation two years ago. 85. Flipped his campaign position on the possibility of re-appointing Janet Yellen as Federal Reserve Chair. 86. A U.S. drone attack in Syria killed at least 18 members of an allied force. 87. U.S., European, and Arab officials report that prior to the inauguration, Erik Prince – founder of Blackwater and brother of Betsy DeVoss – held a secret meeting with a Russian close to Vladimir Putin in order to set up a back-channel line of communication between Moscow and the Trump administration. 88. Trump’s OMB Director Mulvaney said, “We are not spending money on climate change anymore. We view it as a waste of your money.” 89. Energy Department climate office bans the use of the words “climate change.” 90. Staffed the White House and federal agencies with former lobbyists, lawyers and consultants who in many cases are helping to craft policies for the same industries in which they used to work. 91. Cut off public access to visitor logs revealing who is entering the White House complex and which officials they are meeting. 92. Continued to claim that ICE would focus deportation activities on violent criminals, even as immigration arrests rose 32.6 percent, including thousands of undocumented immigrants who have been otherwise law-abiding. 93. As tensions rose with North Korea, announced that the U.S. was sending “an armada” into the Sea of Japan as a powerful deterrent. But the ships were actually sailing in the opposite direction towards the Indian Ocean. 94. Said that Marie Le Pen (far right anti-semitic presidential candidate) was “the strongest on what’s been going on in France,” a remark that was taken as an endorsement of her candidacy in France. 95. Failed to pass even one of the 10 legislative items listed in his 100-day Contract With the American Voter. 96. When asked whether he should be held accountable for his 100-day Contract With the American Voter, waffled and said, “Somebody put out the concept of a 100-day plan.” 97. Continued to claim that Mexico will pay for the border wall while attempting to get Congress to authorize the funds. 98. At a luncheon with ambassadors to the United Nations Security Council, called the UN an “underperformer.” 99. A federal judge blocked the executive order on pulling federal funding from so-called “sanctuary cities.” 100. Hasn’t announced a nominee for 493 of 530 positions that require Senate confirmation. Nancy LeTourneau Nancy LeTourneau is a contributing writer for the Washington Monthly. Related Posts Tomas Castelazo/Wikimedia Commons Migrants Are Not Barbarians by James Bruno April 28, 2017 The folly of Trump’s border wall. Gage Skidmore/Flickr A Case Study in Trump Chaos: NAFTA by Nancy LeTourneau April 27, 2017 10:11 AM This administration is in a state of perpetual chaos. (Photo by Kevin Dietsch - Pool/Getty Images) The 'Game of Thrones' Administration Can't Hire Staff by Nancy LeTourneau April 26, 2017 3:36 PM Candidates have to win approval from competing camps in the White House. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Most Popular Political Animal Desperately Insecure, President Trump Holds a Fan Rally To Avoid a Comedy Roast by David Atkins April 23, 2017 6:35 AM Trump's actions are weak, humorless and thin-skinned. Political Animal Clearing the Field for Clinton Was Democrats’ Biggest Mistake in 2016 by David Atkins April 22, 2017 7:00 AM The recent release of the Clinton campaign expose Shattered is causing... Political Animal Quick Takes: The Smell of Desperation Emanating From the White House by Nancy LeTourneau April 25, 2017 6:00 PM * We all know that the White House is desperate... Political Animal Why I’m Not Interested in Being “Shattered” by Nancy LeTourneau April 24, 2017 2:10 PM 'Shattered,' the tell-all book about Hillary's campaign, only serves to further divide Democrats. Political Animal The ‘Game of Thrones’ Administration Can’t Hire Staff by Nancy LeTourneau April 26, 2017 3:36 PM Candidates have to win approval from competing camps in the White House. Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up Donate Subscribe Washington Monthly Newsletter Get email updates from the Washington Monthly. Sign Up The Magazine Group Current Issue Past Issues Group Political Animal Politics 2016 College Guide and Rankings Economy Government Education K-12 Higher Education Law and Justice Health Care Books Group Republic 3.0 Special Reports Successes of Philanthropy Column 2 About Advertise Contact Careers Privacy Policy © 2017 Washington Monthly.
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Sales tax numbers down in April in Jonesboro and Craighead County, up year-to-date Fort Smith Chamber Business and Career Expo hopes to connect job seekers with employers Hayes’ Tyson 3.0 includes marketing overhaul, sustainability, new product pushes For banker Johnny Allison, there’s nothing like a little Cuban credit, opportunity and hospitality Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Kenneth Williams executed, fourth Arkansas inmate to die in April by lethal injection Three candidates emerge as finalists for ASU chancellor For banker Johnny Allison, there’s nothing like a little Cuban credit, opportunity and hospitality Sen. Hutchinson unsure about 2018; considering 2022 race for attorney general Gillespie: Arkansas Works changes will reduce costs without increasing uninsured Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Sales tax numbers down in April in Jonesboro and Craighead County, up year-to-date Google strategist talks changing internet search trends at tech conference in Rogers Fort Smith Chamber Business and Career Expo hopes to connect job seekers with employers Hayes’ Tyson 3.0 includes marketing overhaul, sustainability, new product pushes Video / Podcasts TB&P Daily: Rex Nelson and Richard Bearden share stories on the life and legacy of former Congressman Jay Dickey TB&P Daily: John Brummett on Arkansas executions and playing tennis at the White House with Jay Dickey U.S. Rep. Bruce Westerman says healthcare reform has to happen Around the world with Sen. Tom Cotton TB&P Daily: Sen. Tom Cotton reflects on President Trump’s first 100 days in office Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Trucking industry pushes feds for hair testing guidelines for drug testing The Supply Side: Michigan retiree finds new career selling gumbo into Walmart U.S. Arkansas Transportation Report: Arkansas River traffic up 10% through first quarter of 2017 Better days ahead for LTL carriers like ABF Freight, but expect ‘bumpy ride’ Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Hayes’ Tyson 3.0 includes marketing overhaul, sustainability, new product pushes BusinessLatest NewsManufacturingNorthwest Arkansas by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 10 hours ago 66 views  Tags: Tyson Foods 0 SHARES Share Tweet Things are different with Tyson Foods CEO Tom Hayes. He’s more likely to wear a plaid dress shirt and dark pants than the traditional khaki duds worn by his predecessors. He’s not a Tyson veteran. And it’s the strength from difference he believes will pay off for the global meat giant. Hayes was brought into the leadership circle when Hillshire Brands was acquired in 2014 in an $8.5 billion deal. Hayes was then the chief supply chain officer for Hillshire. In his effort to update Tyson to a 3.0 version, Hayes recently told Talk Business & Politics what led to the organizational changes under his direction. “We have different strengths,” Hayes said. “Tyson excelled in operations and Hillshire had an edge in marketing. We wanted to integrate the two businesses in a way that 1+1 = 3. We hadn’t up to this point fully asked ourselves what it meant to be working together. That’s what led us to create operational business units and marketing business units.” He said the operational business unit focuses primarily on making sure the company is running as efficient as possible. The marketing division works with the operational unit to understand what types of products consumers want, seeks ways to innovate for the future and works on brand development. While Tyson’s operational division was incredibly focused, Hayes said the marketing was conducted in somewhat isolated pockets. The company decided to create a business unit structure for retail and foodservice. Marketing strategies are now under one umbrella led by Andy Callahan for food service and Sally Grimes for retail. He said the new marketing strategy doesn’t change the core of how Tyson operates, but it does put the company in a better position to plan for the future and be more sensitive about what food service customers and retail consumers want. He said company executives continue to talk about the two marketing channels so investors can get a sense of how the company is doing in those growth areas. When asked what Tyson 3.0 will look like under his expanded marketing approach, Hayes referred back to what previous leaders Jim Lochner and Donnie Smith were able to accomplish when they turned the company around from deep challenges in 2008 and put it on a path for sustainable earnings and higher gross margins. Tyson Foods CEO Tom Hayes When asked what he plans to do about softer revenue projections for this year, Hayes said the focus is on quality products, higher operating margins and more volume. He said commodity prices will be what they will be, but if Tyson keeps margins high and sells more products, earnings will grow even when revenue is challenged, he said. PUSHING NEW PRODUCTS “The objective I have as the leader of Tyson now is to set the company up for the new stage of growth,” Hayes said. “There’s going to be continued changes in transparency demanded by consumers and higher expectations as it relates to sustainability. We will try and leverage the strength that we have from our past successes to fuel the next level of growth.” That will include pushing more products to consumers because Hayes believes there is much growth opportunity for Tyson to expand retail offerings with HIllshire, Jimmy Dean, Ball Park and other key brands. The company announced in June plans to launch Tyson branded ground chicken at retail, hoping to win fast-food market share in a $46 billion market where it has not previously played. The product will be a value-added item carrying a higher margin and there will also be a marketing spend behind the launch featuring chicken tacos, chicken meatballs and chicken sliders. The Tyson Tastemakers Launch into retail is coming in May in limited markets. He said the initial launch will be small and he didn’t say if Northwest Arkansas was one of the test areas. Hayes said Tyson wants to tiptoe into the retail space with Tastemakers in order to measure customer feedback and respond accordingly before going big. “These are fresh products and they have very limited shelf life and we want to make sure we get a lot of things right before we go mass scale. It’s better to fix as you go than have to repair on the backend. We are incredibly excited about this launch. The products themselves take a step out of kitchen prep. If you think about our competitors in this space the consumer still has to do all the cooking. We are taking out some steps that allows consumers to make it faster and produce less waste,” Hayes said. EXPANSION, ACQUISITION OPTIONS When asked if Tyson planned to get Tastemaker meals on Walmart U.S. shelves, Hayes said he would love to see that once the meals are ready to go mainstream. Hayes also was also asked if Tyson might consider an acquisition of a Blue Apron or similar companies in the online direct-to-consumer meal sector. He dismissed the notion of direct-to-consumer being a large scale move for Tyson, saying the company plans to rely on its foodservice customers (vendors) to sell its products. When asked about the role of Tyson’s new venture capital fund, he said the focus there will be growing new brands of alternative protein such as plant-based foods. He said technology that advances the company’s sustainability plan are also of interest for the fund. “Think of Tyson as all things protein. We know that 96% of U.S. consumers today want animal protein, but some will still want plant protein, which is why we are invested in that space,” Hayes said. “We want to be on the front end of this developing demand.” That statement was prophetic in a sense given the company announced Monday (April 24) plans to divest of its non-protein brands – Sara Lee Frozen Bakery, Kettle and Van’s. Within the next 24 hours, Tyson announced plans to acquire AdvancePierre for $4.2 billion, giving it more convenience foods for its retail and foodservice businesses. Tyson said its commodity business will be the source for the AdvancePierre products helping to generate operational efficiencies and synergies of $200 million realized over the next three years. SUSTAINABILITY PUSH Hayes recently spoke about his vision for a more sustainable Tyson Foods. He said by investing in sustainability, Tyson expects “to create a virtuous cycle of contributing to the future while paying for itself in the present.” He said investments in sustainability should fund themselves through reduced waste and costs. He told Talk Business & Politics the company plans to create a sustainable food system because it’s what consumers demand. He said Tyson is focused on not having trade-offs between healthy animals, a cleaner environment, safe work conditions and healthy food. He said Tyson wants to produce quality food in a sustainable way, sold at a price consumers can afford. One area of sustainability change is with growing chickens. Hayes said 20 years from now chicken farms will look much different. The company is working on a concept farm of the future that seeks to conserve land and water, while also working to ensure better animal welfare. ARKANSAS INVESTMENTS Tyson has announced capital expenditures of about $1 billion this year. Hayes said some of that is in Arkansas. About $100 million is being spent to expand chicken production in Green Forest. Hayes said this work is the only plant investment in Arkansas and it will likely continue through most of this year. He said the $31 million incubation center in Springdale is slated for completion later this year and work also continues on the renovation of three downtown buildings along Emma Avenue, where Tyson will relocate between 300 and 400 employees. He said there is also some renovation work at the corporate office in Springdale, updating offices, work areas and the cafeteria. Hayes also said rumors are partially true that Tyson is moving some corporate jobs the Hillshire Brands office in Chicago. Hayes said about a year ago they moved the retail part of Tyson’s branded business to Chicago. He said the move is not ongoing. “Chicago is a big consumer community with a larger talent pool related to the greater population,” he said. Tyson has three main headquarters. The office in Dakota Dunes, S.D., manages the beef and pork business. The consumer businesses is run out of Chicago, and everything else is run from Springdale. Tyson said it has about 3,000 corporate employees in Northwest Arkansas, with about 2,000 of them at the main headquarters on Don Tyson Parkway. There about 500 corporate employees in Chicago and 500 at the Dakota Dunes office. CORPORATE LOGO When asked why Tyson needed a new corporate logo, Hayes said many of the products Tyson makes are not chicken, which the orange logo represents. He said the corporate logo is not for consumer identification as much as it is for internal use, and for customer and investors to stand out as a mark for the food company. “We have three billion-dollar brands,” Hayes said. “One is Tyson, one is Hillshire Brands and the other is Jimmy Dean. The new logo is more about showing we are a modern food company with multiple brands rather than have it identified solely with chicken products. While we are proud of what we do in chicken we are equally proud of the other products we make.” Hayes said customer response to the logo has been mostly positive. He said employees are also buying new apparel with the corporate logo at the company store. He said some worried about the new logo being too different from previous looks, but the logo is gaining momentum. Comments comments Previous post Three candidates emerge as finalists for ASU chancellor Next post Fort Smith Chamber Business and Career Expo hopes to connect job seekers with employers Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Laura Andress Recruiting ‘outside the box’ Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, drug money, ‘far away eyes,’ and gum and trinkets Barbara Taylor Delegation can boost enterprise value Brian Kratkiewicz The future of advertising Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Observations, corporate pieholes, and the ultimate halftime show Latest Popular Kenneth Williams executed, fourth Arkansas inmate to die in April by lethal injection 2 hours ago Recruiting ‘outside the box’ 8 hours ago Sales tax numbers down in April in Jonesboro and Craighead County, up year-to-date 8 hours ago Google strategist talks changing internet search trends at tech conference in Rogers 9 hours ago Fort Smith Chamber Business and Career Expo hopes to connect job seekers with employers 9 hours ago Former Congressman Jay Dickey dies at the age of 77 2,702 views Northwest Arkansas investors buy Beau Terre office park for $24.4 million 1,564 views Arkansas executes first death row inmate since 2005; Ledell Lee executed shortly before midnight 1,351 views Journalist covering Arkansas execution wonders, ‘There has to be a better way of doing this’ 899 views 12 minutes to die 874 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Woman shot, killed on Walnut Creek street Crime was up on BART even before Saturday’s attack Arkansas wraps up aggressive schedule with 4th execution Calm prevails in Berkeley after cops gear up in wake of Coulter News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: Clean Energy CA In Egypt, pope seeks Christian-Muslim rejection of violence Secret jail in Philippine station linked to drug war abuse S. Korea disputes Trump comments on missile system, trade 4th Arkansas inmate executed in 8 days lurches on gurney Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors 49ers get defensive with first 2 picks of John Lynch era Raiders select accused CB Conley Giants get another big hit from Christian Arroyo but lose in 10th Giants’ Denard Span frustrated over injury from wall collision Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Covered California premiums could soar if feds stop enforcing ACA Report shows another diversity challenge: retaining employees Business News Roundup, April 28 Most teens have taken social media break, poll finds A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Curran’s “Encounter” hits the ears, not the heart The latest from Dear Abby The ‘10 Concerts’ phenomenon is taking over Facebook 'The Circle' review: Cool young tech firm, creepy world in Hanks Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog And now there's 'pokecado toast' Smuggler's Cove book wins James Beard Media Award Why Tenderloin cocktail spot Biig is only kind of open This California ice cream shop is selling black soft serve Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Heavy rain won't lessen Calif. wildfires – it will fuel them Parents of Reddit reveal the 'most ingenious things' they've had Frito-Lay recalls chips out of salmonella concerns Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Weekender: Eugene is Portland’s cooler little brother? Crista Luedtke’s mini-empire put Guerneville on the map Suite Spot: Graton Resort and Casino, Rohnert Park Tight-knit Petaluma boasts thriving music scene Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Reimagined Tudor awaits in Mill Valley Walk-through: Picturesque Portola Valley estate Two very different Glen Park homes hit the market: Which do you Hot Property: Glen Park home offers modern features, classic Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Busting through job search fears How can I make my career dream a reality? How to successfully use the phone to expand your job search Make a job fair work for you Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/bayarea/article/Big-Lots-to-settle-hazardous-waste-suit-for-3-5-11104451.php Big Lots to settle hazardous waste suit for $3.5 million By Filipa Ioannou Published 2:10 pm, Thursday, April 27, 2017 Photo: Yellow Dog Productions, Getty Image Image 1of/1 Caption Close Image 1 of 1 Big Lots Stores Inc. agreed to pay $3.5 million to settle a hazardous waste lawsuit, according to the Alameda County district attorney’s office. Big Lots Stores Inc. agreed to pay $3.5 million to settle a hazardous waste lawsuit, according to the Alameda County district attorney’s office. Photo: Yellow Dog Productions, Getty Image Big Lots to settle hazardous waste suit for $3.5 million 1 / 1 Back to Gallery Big Lots Stores Inc. will pay $3.5 million to settle a lawsuit alleging that the discount chain mishandled hazardous waste, the Alameda County district attorney’s office said Thursday. The company was sued by 35 district attorneys and two city attorneys in California for allegedly creating an environmental hazard by illegally disposing waste materials at 206 state stores and its Rancho Cucamonga distribution center. According to the suit, employees put corrosive and ignitable liquids, batteries, electronic devices and other e-waste in trash receptacles bound for landfills instead of taking them to authorized disposal facilities, as required by California law. The company did not acknowledge guilt. A Big Lots spokeswoman did not immediately respond to a request for comment. The Alameda County district attorney’s office said the company cooperated in the investigation and has since changed its waste disposal practices. Big Lots joins the ranks of other major retailers like Safeway, Walmart and Target that have paid millions to settle waste disposal suits in California in recent years. The retailer will pay $2,017,500 in civil penalties, $336,250 to reimburse the costs of the investigation, $350,000 to fund environmental projects and $803,750 to fund hazardous waste minimization projects. The chain ran into legal trouble in California in 2010 when it settled allegations that black employees had been subject to racial discrimination at its distribution center for $400,000. Filipa Ioannou is a San Francisco Chronicle staff writer. Email: fioannou@sfchronicle.com Twitter: @obioannoukenobi Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. NFL DRAFT Killion: Impressive first move by 49ers new bosses 49ers get defensive with first 2 picks of John Lynch era Solomon Thomas wants to be best pick of 49ers’ Lynch era Stanford’s Thomas, McCaffrey taken in the top 8 Raiders select accused CB Conley Offensive draft early, QBs prized after Garrett is No. 1 LATEST NEWS Crime was up on BART even before Saturday’s attack Trump's empathetic comments about Kim Jong Un E. Bay burger battle ends as developer halts In-N-Out plans Guitarist sues to stop use of Jefferson Starship name Dave Chappelle to perform with John Mayer in SF Howard Stern, Robert Plant dined at same Marin restaurant Mountain lion found hiding in Santa Cruz tree Woman shot, killed in Walnut Creek Berkeley protester refuses to remove mask, gets arrested Calm prevails in Berkeley in wake of Coulter cancellation Actor Rob Schneider criticizes Cal after Coulter cancellation Why I invited Ann Coulter to speak at Cal Cassini spacecraft sends back closest-ever photos of Saturn Reports of 'space aliens' flood Trump immigrant crime hotline Passenger who was dragged off jetliner settles with United United moves to ease criticism with settlement, new policies Trump tax plan would slash rates for business Biggest threat to Trump’s business is Trump TODAY'S TOP PICKS Guy Fieri addresses Warriors-Kevin Durant rumors The Bay Area school districts with the best teachers It looks like the US economy just ground to a halt Most Popular 1 Protester at UC Berkeley who refuses to remove mask is cuffed... 2 Woman shot, killed on Walnut Creek street 3 Impressive first move by 49ers new bosses: a draft heist 4 Howard Stern and Robert Plant dined at same Marin restaurant... 5 Joe Montana opines on Tom Brady and Colin Kaepernick 6 49ers get defensive with first 2 picks of John Lynch era 7 Sunset District house receives 18 offers, goes for... 8 East Bay burger battle ends as developer halts In-N-Out plans 9 Correction: Benny Hinn Ministries Raided story 10 Passenger who was dragged off jetliner settles with United View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Enterprise Products Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts The Inauguration of Donald J. Trump On the March in Trump’s Capital Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Amazon Extends Growth Streak, Unfazed by Lavish Spending by Spencer Soper @spencersoper More stories by Spencer Soper April 27, 2017, 4:27 PM EDT April 27, 2017, 6:56 PM EDT Sales gain 23%, fueled by overseas expansion, Prime members Company projects revenue to increase as much as 24% in quarter Dissecting Amazon's 1st-Qtr Earnings and Global Strategy Amazon.com Inc.’s unbroken 20-year streak of double-digit revenue growth shows no sign of slowing this year, helped by an influx of online shoppers who are abandoning stores and new business for its cloud-computing division. The company topped profit and revenue estimates in the first quarter and projected sales that may beat projections in the current period, reinforcing its message to investors that big spending on warehouses, movies and devices are all part of a winning formula. “Amazon appears to be firing on all cylinders,” said Colin Sebastian, an analyst at Robert W. Baird & Co. “The core e-commerce segment growth remains very healthy, Amazon Web Services was fairly stable even with the recent price reductions, and growth in subscription services and advertising is robust, starting to move the needle, and helping to augment profitability.” Shares gained as much as 5.1 percent in extended trading after closing Thursday at a record $918.76 in New York. The stock has jumped 23 percent this year. The world’s largest online retailer is dominating e-commerce in the U.S. with its $99-a-year Amazon Prime subscription, which includes delivery discounts, music and video streaming and photo storage that keep shoppers engaged with the website. Seattle-based Amazon had 80 million Prime subscribers in the U.S. as of March 31, an increase of 36 percent from a year earlier, according to Consumer Intelligence Research Partners. Prime memberships help lock in loyalty, which is critical as competitors such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc. enhance their e-commerce offerings to slow Amazon’s momentum. Amazon Web Services, its cloud-computing division, subsidizes the company’s spending for various initiatives such as expanding into India and Australia, speeding up delivery times to as little as an hour on select products, adding new skills and devices for its voice-activated Alexa platform and producing original movies and shows. First-quarter sales increased 23 percent to $35.7 billion. Net income was $724 million, or $1.48 a share, the company said in a statement. Analysts estimated profit of $1.08 a share on revenue of $35.3 billion, according to data compiled by Bloomberg. Amazon Web Services revenue gained 43 percent to $3.66 billion. That’s slower than 47 percent year-over-year growth in the previous quarter. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up A combination of better profit margins in the cloud-computing unit and a smaller increase in shipping costs helped Amazon beat earnings projections, said Josh Olson, analyst at Edward Jones & Co. Amazon Web Services had a profit margin of 24.3 percent in the first quarter, compared with 23.5 percent a year earlier. Shipping expenses, a major cost for Amazon, increased by 30 percent, the slowest pace in at least six quarters, Olson said. Still, company spending remains an investor concern. Operating expenses rose 24 percent to $34.7 billion in the quarter. “They earned $724 million on $35.7 billion in sales, or a whopping 2 percent,” said Michael Pachter, analyst at Wedbush Securities. “Sales grew by $6.6 billion and net income grew by $200 million. They’re playing mind games with us.” Amazon on Thursday forecast operating income in the current quarter of $425 million to $1.08 billion on net sales of $35.3 billion to $37.8 billion. That compares with operating income of $1.29 billion on sales of $30.4 billion in the same period a year ago. Analysts projected sales of $36.9 billion in the current quarter. Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Jeff Bezos Is Just $5 Billion Away From Being the World's Richest Person With Secret Airship, Sergey Brin Also Wants to Fly Why Getting Fired Is Worse Than Divorce Under Armour Loses Whatever Swagger It Had Left Amazon Extends Growth Streak, Unfazed by Lavish Spending Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman Patti LaBelle, Hill Harper And Yolanda Adams To Speak At The 22nd Annual Black Enterprise Entrepreneurs Summit NEW YORK, April 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — Where Innovation and Capital Meet. Join BLACK ENTERPRISE at the 2017 Entrepreneurs Summit hosted by Nationwide on Wednesday, May 17 through Saturday, May 20, at the Marriott Marquis Houston in Houston, Texas, with a powerhouse lineup of some of the nation’s most accomplished and celebrated entrepreneurs and motivational speakers. Patti LaBelle; singer, author, actress, and entrepreneur will join Yolanda Adams; gospel singer, record producer, and radio personality, as keynote speakers at the 2017 Entrepreneurs Summit. An annual highlight of the Summit is the presentation of the nation’s top awards for African American business achievement and community involvement. The Black Enterprise A.G. Gaston Award will be presented to MLB Hall OF Famer, Entrepreneur and humanitarian, Hank Aaron; and Corporate Champion Award to civil rights leader and attorney, Vernon Jordan, at the BE 100s Gala on Friday, May 19th. This awards recognizes the outstanding achievement of individuals who has had broad and positive impact on his or her industry as well as the community at large, while serving as a champion of entrepreneurship and business growth, employment opportunities, and wealth creation for African Americans. The 2017 Black Enterprise Entrepreneurs Summit boasts high-powered sessions on critical business topics such as „Business Coaching: Crafting Your Game Plan,” „BE Talk: Innovation and Funding,„ „Fundraising from Startup to Scale Up in the Tech Space,” „Spotting Trends and Opportunities in Tech,” and „Seizing Opportunities in Franchising,”just to name a few. Confirmed speakers include: Patti LaBelle, Founder, Patti Pies Yolanda Adams, Owner, Yolanda Adams Coffee Sylvester Turner, Mayor of Houston Vernon Jordan, Attorney, Civil Rights Leader, Business Consultant Charles Koch, Chairman & CEO, Koch Industries Johnny C. Taylor Jr., President & CEO, Thurgood Marshall College Fund Hank Aaron, MLB Hall of Famer, Entrepreneur, Philanthropist Hill Harper, Author, Entrepreneur and Actor Clyde Drexler, NBA Hall of Famer, Drexler Holdings L.L.C. Kase Lawal, Chariman, CAMAC International Corp.; Vice Chariman, Unity National Bank Pastor Kirbyjon Caldwell, Windsor Village United Methodist Church Brandon Andrews, Senior Consultant, Values Partnership; Casting, Shark Tank and Steve Harvey’s Funderdome Bonin Bough, Host, Cleveland Hustles, CNBC Charles King, Founder & CEO, MACRO Lisa Ascolese, Founder, Inventing A to Z Tye Caldwell, Co-Founder, ShearShare Courtney Caldwell, Co-Founder, ShearShare Donna Sims Wilson, President, Smith Graham & Co. Investment Advisors, L.P. Hahna Alexander, CEO, SolePower L.L.C. Jason Few, Investor, Energy Projects Sulaiman „Su” Sanni, Co-Founder & CEO, WeDidIt Teri Williams, President & COO, OneUnited Bank John Scroggins, President & CEO, Unity National Bank Melinda Emerson, Author, Host, #SmallBizChat Zakiya Larry, Author, Founder and CEO, Quest Media Training Lamar Tyler, CEO, Tyler New Media; Creator BlackandMarriedWithKids.com Gilbert Campbell, Co-Founder & CEO, Volt Energy Ramon Ray, Entrepreneur, Author, CEO, Smart Hustle Magazine Michael Elliot, Founder & CEO, Hammer and Nails Salon Group Stephen Hightower, CEO, Hightowers Petroleum Jonathan Sprinkles, Connection Coach, Author of Presentation Power For the aspiring entrepreneur, Equity Date with an Angel offers practical advice on how to raise funding for your business. Plus, the Black Enterprise Elevator Pitch Competition will award $10,000 for the best new business idea. The ABC Shark Tank Diversity Tour will also be holding an open casting call to identify entrepreneurs ready to pitch their ideas for an investment on the hit business reality show. „Nationwide is committed to supporting minority businesses and diverse communities. One way we demonstrate our commitment is through our relationship with Black Enterprise,” said Terrance Williams, Executive Vice President and Chief Marketing Officer for Nationwide. „We’re proud to be the presenting sponsor of this year’s Black Enterprise Entrepreneurs Summit and look forward to connecting with the attendees—some of the most passionate people and brightest minds there are.” The 2017 Black Enterprise Entrepreneurs Summit is hosted by Nationwide, with presenting sponsors, AT&T, Georgia Pacific, Koch Industries and Toyota; platinum sponsors American Express, Walmart; corporate sponsors FedEx, HoustonFirst Corp., and Houston Metro Airport; Strategic partners BBVA Compass and Port of Houston. For updates, follow Black Enterprise Entrepreneurs Summit page on Facebook and search the #BESummit hashtag on Twitter.  BlackEnterprise.com is the leading website for Money, Small Business and Career development. Providing executive and entrepreneurial resources, information, and profiles on the topics of money management, employment, career and startup development, BlackEnterprise.com features expert resource articles, original video packages, and blogs, customized to empower its niche audience while consistently providing universal resource-value. BLACK ENTERPRISE, your ultimate source to build Wealth for Life, is the premier business, investing, and wealth-building resource for African Americans. Since 1970, BE has provided essential business information and advice to professionals, corporate executives, entrepreneurs, and decision makers. Every month, BLACK ENTERPRISE magazine provides 6 million readers with information on entrepreneurship, careers, and financial management. A multimedia company, BE also produces television programming, business and lifestyle events, Web content, and digital media. Visit www.blackenterprise.com for more information. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/patti-labelle-hill-harper-and-yolanda-adams-to-speak-at-the-22nd-annual-black-enterprise-entrepreneurs-summit-300447535.html SOURCE BLACK ENTERPRISE Related Links http://www.blackenterprise.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsAfrican American, Awards, Personnel Announcements, Trade Show News Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Nashville Church of Scientology Celebrates 32nd Anniversary Next PostNext Gun Allegiance Helps Consumers Discover Where Their Allegiances Lie Search Recent Posts ZoomerMedia Limited Announces Second Quarter Financial Results Helix BioPharma Corp. Closes Private Placement IIROC Trade Resumption / L’OCRCVM permet la reprise de la negociation – BUFF.P , DVC.H, HVST Rand Capital Announces First Quarter 2017 Results Georgia Southern University Selects Spectra Ticketing & Fan Engagement Proudly powered by WordPress
Friday, April 28, 2017 Politics White House Congress Campaigns All Politics Policy Defense / National Security Energy Healthcare Finance / Economy Tech / Cyber Budgets / Spending Courts Foreign All Policy News Opinion Editorials Columnists Contributors Op-Eds Editorial Cartoons All Opinion Magazine Beltway Confidential Washington Secrets Call it the John Paul Stevens corporate welfare program: Georgia moves to take advantage of Kelo, undo eminent domain reform by Timothy P. Carney | Apr 5, 2017, 11:23 AM Share on Twitter Share on Facebook Email this article Share on LinkedIn Georgia, under Republican rule, is about to scrap the property protections it passed after Kelo. (AP Photo/Jack Sauer) The center-left majority of the Supreme Court in 2006 ruled that states and localities can use eminent domain to take land from one private landowner and give it to a politcally preferred private landowner. The Constitution says eminent domain is allowed when the land will be for "public use," (say, a military fort, a public park, or a border wall), but John Paul Stevens, with an assist from his three liberal colleagues and centrist Anthony Kennedy decided that a private development corporation in New London, Connecticut, could take away people's houses (at the request of Pfizer) to turn it into whatever it wanted. (They never turned it into anything, and Pfizer has since left.) This story is relevant as liberals try to peddle the lie that a judge like Gorsuch, who follows the text of the Constitution and who often reins in government overreach, is thus no friend of the little guy. Property rights, it turns out, are for the little guy, who doesn't have the political connections of Pfizer or Wal-Mart. It's also relevant because Georgia, under Republican rule, is about to scrap the property protections it passed after Kelo. The Atlanta Journal Constitution reports: Georgia lawmakers Thursday approved allowing local governments to seize blighted property for economic development, altering eminent domain reforms passed more than a decade ago. The changes in House Bill 434 worry those concerned that government officials will abuse the power. "We see this as expanding eminent domain," said Tochie Blad, a Sandy Springs Council of Neighborhoods board member. "How do you define blight? It is in the eyes of the beholder." Again, this is about a government deciding that Paul should own the land instead of Peter, and so taking the land from Peter to give to Paul. Republicans sometimes love that idea of a Living Constitution and activist government, I suppose. Timothy P. Carney, The Washington Examiner's commentary editor, can be contacted at tcarney@washingtonexaminer.com. His column appears Tuesday nights on washingtonexaminer.com. Neil Gorsuch Constitution Eminent Domain Law Georgia Supreme Court Timothy P. Carney Opinion Beltway Confidential Politics Share your thoughts with friends. Share with friends. More Washington Examiner 3 hours ago GOP won't vote on healthcare this week 3 hours ago Congress sick and tired of short-term spending bills 2 hours ago The new/old politics of the capital versus the countryside 9 hours ago Trump signs executive action aimed at VA accountability 10 hours ago Ignoring economic reality, Senate Democrats rally for $15 minimum wage 10 hours ago NAFTA is a miracle 12 hours ago White House guarantees middle class tax cut under Trump's plan 13 hours ago How you should decipher Trump's foreign policy, in spite of what his detractors say 13 hours ago NYU professor defends censorship and 'snowflakes' amid lecture controversies 13 hours ago Sean Spicer holds White House press briefing: LIVE 14 hours ago Paul Ryan: Centrists not at risk if they support healthcare bill 14 hours ago Sen. Ted Cruz: Breaking up 9th Circuit 'certainly a possibility' 14 hours ago Pelosi warns of 'poison pills' in spending fight 16 hours ago Obama photographer takes cheap shots at Trump 16 hours ago Left turns guns on Jared Kushner, want security clearance suspended 17 hours ago 14 reasons why Jason Chaffetz must leave Congress immediately About Examiner Magazine Archives Staff Advertise Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Facebook Twitter Copyright 2017. Washington Examiner. All Rights Reserved. ×   Close POLITICS POLITICS HOME WHITE HOUSE CONGRESS CAMPAIGNS POLICY POLICY HOME DEFENSE/NATIONAL SECURITY ENERGY HEALTHCARE FINANCE/ECONOMY TECH/CYBER BUDGETS/SPENDING COURTS FOREIGN NEWS OPINION OPINION HOME EDITORIALS COLUMNISTS BYRON YORK SALENA ZITO MICHAEL BARONE PAUL BEDARD PHILIP KLEIN KRISTEN SOLTIS ANDERSON TIMOTHY P. CARNEY LISA BOOTHE DANIEL HANNAN W. JAMES ANTLE III DAVID FREDDOSO NOEMIE EMERY CONTRIBUTORS OP-EDS EDITORIAL CARTOONS MAGAZINE MAGAZINE HOME DIGITAL EDITION WASHINGTON SECRETS BELTWAY CONFIDENTIAL
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman MetaCommunications Announces New CEO IOWA CITY, Iowa, April 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — MetaCommunications, a leader in enterprise resource management solutions for marketing and creative teams, today announced that Gregg Hammann will assume the roles of President and CEO. An experienced former CEO for global brands, Hammann is the current Chair of Meta’s board and will be replacing outgoing CEO, Scott Kokotan, who is moving on to a new opportunity. Kokotan is committed to helping the company through the transition. „I’ve had the pleasure of working with Scott during his tenure as CEO of Meta, and I’ve come to value his focus and vision, as well as his strong financial acumen,” said Hammann. „Scott provided positive leadership for Meta during a key transitional moment and led the company into an exciting new phase of growth. We’ve been lucky to have Scott at the helm and we’re glad that he’s staying on board to advise us through this transition.” Gregg Hammann, former Coca-Cola, Levis Exec will assume the roles of President and CEO at MetaCommunications Kokotan commented, „It’s been an honor to lead Meta through this exciting period of change. I’m very proud of everything we accomplished — from both a business and technology perspective. I came to Meta as the company’s first CFO before moving into the CEO role. The things that attracted me to the company initially — great software, an incredible client roster, a talented team — are even stronger today. The company’s strategy is working, the management team is strong and it’s the right time for me to move on. I firmly believe that with Gregg as CEO, Meta is poised for even greater success.” Meta’s flagship product, Workgroups DaVinci, is an award-winning marketing resource management solution used by hundreds of the world’s leading brands. The company’s latest release, ProofMe, is a lightweight proofing and annotation tool that allows small teams and solo creatives to gather real-time feedback on creative files. Hammann joined Meta’s board in 2016 as the Chairman, bringing deep experience in successful president and CEO roles for an array of global companies. From 2003 – 2007 he was President and CEO of publicly traded Nautilus Inc., later becoming Chairman, where he repositioned the company and led them from near bankruptcy to the most profitable company in the fitness industry. Previously, Hammann held leadership positions at Levi Strauss & Company, The Coca-Cola Company, Famous Footwear, The Rayovac Corporation, and Procter & Gamble. In 2007, Hammann started his own consulting firm, Action Advisors, advising major Fortune 500 companies including Disney, Microsoft, and Walmart on corporate strategy and serving as an acting CEO for three separate companies. Meta Board member and President and CEO of the Entrepreneurial Development Center, Curt Nelson, commented, „The board and I have the utmost confidence in Gregg and Meta’s leadership team to lead the business and continue our strong performance. We’re very excited to support Gregg as he leads the company to the next stage of its growth.” About MetaCommunications Meta is a pioneer in the field of marketing resource and digital project management. Meta’s industry-leading products like Workgroups DaVinci, Approval Manager and ProofMe power the work of thousands of teams around the world at companies such as Diageo, Ralph Lauren, Crate & Barrel, IKEA, 3M, Sony, Allstate, Merck, and more. To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/metacommunications-announces-new-ceo-300447488.html SOURCE MetaCommunications Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsPersonnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Kansas City Life Announces First Quarter 2017 Results Next PostNext Utilities Global Industry Almanac 2017 Search Recent Posts Global Smart Washing Machine Industry 2017 Market Solutions, Features, Application & Reviews : Whirlpool, Samsung, LG, Haier Rotogravure Printing Inks Market to Partake Significant Development During 2017 – 2025 Proton Therapy Equipments Market Overview, Growth Opportunities, Emerging Market Demands, Industry Analysis & Forecast by 2022 United States The Insight Partners: Global IoT in Healthcare Market is expected to grow at a CAGR of 21.2% by 2025 Portable X-Ray and CT Scan Devices Market 2017 Production Analysis, Key Market Plans, Supply-Demand, Growth Elements and Recent Developments United States Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 27 April 2017 by Maciej Heyman MetaCommunications Announces New CEO Former Coca-Cola, Levis Exec to Assume Leadership Role IOWA CITY, Iowa, April 27, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- MetaCommunications, a leader in enterprise resource management solutions for marketing and creative teams, today announced that Gregg Hammann will assume the roles of President and CEO. An experienced former CEO for global brands, Hammann is the current Chair of Meta's board and will be replacing outgoing CEO, Scott Kokotan, who is moving on to a new opportunity. Kokotan is committed to helping the company through the transition. "I've had the pleasure of working with Scott during his tenure as CEO of Meta, and I've come to value his focus and vision, as well as his strong financial acumen," said Hammann. "Scott provided positive leadership for Meta during a key transitional moment and led the company into an exciting new phase of growth. We've been lucky to have Scott at the helm and we're glad that he's staying on board to advise us through this transition." Kokotan commented, "It's been an honor to lead Meta through this exciting period of change. I'm very proud of everything we accomplished — from both a business and technology perspective. I came to Meta as the company's first CFO before moving into the CEO role. The things that attracted me to the company initially — great software, an incredible client roster, a talented team — are even stronger today. The company's strategy is working, the management team is strong and it's the right time for me to move on. I firmly believe that with Gregg as CEO, Meta is poised for even greater success." Meta's flagship product, Workgroups DaVinci, is an award-winning marketing resource management solution used by hundreds of the world's leading brands. The company's latest release, ProofMe, is a lightweight proofing and annotation tool that allows small teams and solo creatives to gather real-time feedback on creative files. Hammann joined Meta's board in 2016 as the Chairman, bringing deep experience in successful president and CEO roles for an array of global companies. From 2003 - 2007 he was President and CEO of publicly traded Nautilus Inc., later becoming Chairman, where he repositioned the company and led them from near bankruptcy to the most profitable company in the fitness industry. Previously, Hammann held leadership positions at Levi Strauss & Company, The Coca-Cola Company, Famous Footwear, The Rayovac Corporation, and Procter & Gamble. In 2007, Hammann started his own consulting firm, Action Advisors, advising major Fortune 500 companies including Disney, Microsoft, and Walmart on corporate strategy and serving as an acting CEO for three separate companies. Meta Board member and President and CEO of the Entrepreneurial Development Center, Curt Nelson, commented, "The board and I have the utmost confidence in Gregg and Meta's leadership team to lead the business and continue our strong performance. We're very excited to support Gregg as he leads the company to the next stage of its growth." About MetaCommunications Meta is a pioneer in the field of marketing resource and digital project management. Meta's industry-leading products like Workgroups DaVinci, Approval Manager and ProofMe power the work of thousands of teams around the world at companies such as Diageo, Ralph Lauren, Crate & Barrel, IKEA, 3M, Sony, Allstate, Merck, and more. SOURCE MetaCommunications Inc. CategoriesUncategorized TagsAdvertising, Computer/ Electronics, Personnel Announcements Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Ventricular Drainage Sets Market 2017 : Dispomedica, Sophysa & Spiegelberg GmbH Next PostNext Global Electronic Toll Collection Systems Market 2017 : EFKON, SAIC, DENSO, Q-Free & Perceptics Search Recent Posts Atacama Resources International Launches Good2Drive Mobile Application Aiming to Make Highways Safer Perfusion Adsorption Column Market Forecast 2022: Global Key Manufactures, Challenges, Demand, Trend and Opportunities SafeBreach CTO and Co-Founder Itzik Kotler to Present at Chicago’s Hacking Conference THOTCON 0x8 Tracheal Intubation Market: Global Analysis of Key Manufacturers, Dynamics, Demand & Forecast 2017-2022 Learning Design Pioneer Launches New Learning Analytics to Inform Instruction and Course Design Proudly powered by WordPress
msn back to msn home lifestyle search health search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Trending Weight Loss Fitness Nutrition Medical Diabetes Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video AdChoices Dying woman hands out candy bars with special message USA TODAY Nada Hassanein 11 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL The sneaky tricks that helped Alyssa Milano lose 20 pounds Snoring, drooling, screaming in your sleep? Here's what it means Click to expand Replay Video How to rock the sockless look How To Rock the Sockless Look Esquire Reebok Trolls Nordstrom with $425 'Sweaty' T-shirt Reebok decided to copy Nordstrom's idea of clothes that look like you actually worked heard with their Authentic Sweat Shirt. Keri Lumm (@thekerilumm) reports on this $425 joke. Buzz60 Your New Favorite Summer Look Will Be the Bronze Kitten Eye You like to sport a summery glow without the damaging effects of the sun, but there are about ten million different ways you can potentially screw up self-tanner. So what’s a gal to do? Meet your new beauty BFF: bronze eye makeup. Watch to see how a little metallic liner can go a long way. Step 1: Spritz an angled brush with priming spray. Step 2: Dab the brush into some bronze eye shadow and line your upper lid. Step 3: Continue the line with a little flick at the end. Happy summer! RELATED: 6 Self-Tanning Mistakes You Might Be Making (and How to Prevent Them Altogether) Additional Reporting by Abby Hepworth PureWow SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO Dying woman hands out candy bars with special message USA TODAY See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next How to rock the sockless look Esquire 0:40 Reebok Trolls Nordstrom with $425 'Sweaty' T-shirt Buzz60 1:00 Your New Favorite Summer Look Will Be the Bronze Kitten Eye PureWow 0:49 7 Times Beyonce Slayed Her Pregnancy Style ETonline 1:12 Give your leather handbag new life with this easy trick! TODAY 0:57 The 9 best healthy snacks from Costco SELF 1:21 Topshop Releases Clear Jeans and People are Buying Them Buzz60 1:09 Beyoncé Is Sending Young Women To College NowThis News 0:41 The Best Airport Outfits for Looking Chic While You Travel Glamour 1:00 Nordstrom charging $425 for jeans with fake mud CBS News 0:43 For a mid-day energy boost, choose the stairs over soda Real Simple 0:53 Why cinnamon is insanely good for you Time 0:58 3 creative garnishes to fancy up your cocktails TPSY 1:06 Dad Uses Sign Language to Teach His Daughter 'If You're Happy and You Know It' Storyful 0:40 Having this for breakfast may help you shed those extra pounds Buzz60 0:53 Sweet potatoes are the world's healthiest vegetables Buzz60 0:56 UP NEXT TALLAHASSEE, FL -- Her voice wheezes, her breathing labors. Her small-framed body grows weaker and weaker. Yet determination and strength emanate from every word she speaks. "I can still serve the Lord," Karen French said with certainty. "I can still take that step and let people know that God loves them. It's not over. It's just the beginning." French has stage 4 lung cancer. It started with her right lung, then spread to her back and shoulders. She's now in hospice. She has stopped all chemotherapy but still takes nearly 10 medications a day, mostly to manage pain and other symptoms. Her sister, Stephanie Taylor, and Joshua, her son, keep track of her meds on a handwritten chart. She can't cook for herself or write to her daughter who is locked away in an Indiana prison for killing French's three grandchildren. Her hands are involuntarily curled up from the cancer pressing against her nerves, Taylor said. What do you do when you approach the end of a life filled with unspeakable tragedy? Even as the disease erodes her being, French wants to keep doing what she's always done. "I've always been a giver. It's my second nature," she said, "it's like breathing." A week ago, French made stickers that said "Smile, you're beautiful — God," and pasted them on dozens of Hershey's bars. She was able to get out to Lake Ella with the help of her sister and a walker and give them to people out for a stroll. Several women who received candy bars told French they never felt beautiful. It made French happy to see she could at least help convince them otherwise. "You're beautiful down to your core," she told them. Last summer, French was suffering from back pain. Doctors kept giving her muscle relaxers, her sister said. But she still felt something wasn't right. There was a deeper problem that needed to be addressed. After a couple of visits to a chiropractor and an MRI scan, the chiropractor discovered the cancer. "When I first got diagnosed I thought, 'Why me?'" she said. But her faith motivated a shift in her outlook. Instead, she asked herself, "Why not?" © Provided by USA Today "I've got a big mouth," she said. French decided she was going to use words to minister to people, help them rise above life's afflictions. "She's become the go-to person [at her church]" for anyone in need, her sister Stephanie said. In her room, plastic bins of clothes are stuffed to the brim and stored under her bed; pink and white little girls' dresses hang on closet doors, price tags still on; wardrobes are filled with 100-piece jigsaw puzzles and children's books. If she walks into a store, she'll scavenge for a sale and buy as many as she can afford that day. Recently in Walmart, she came across a mound of beige Dr. Scholl's shoes for $3.50 a piece. She bought all of them. Her sister shook her head. "Who's going to wear these?" she asked. "I don't know yet, but they're somebody's. They're going to belong to somebody." Rising from calamities Cancer is just the latest tragedy of French's life. She and her family have endured much more. In the early hours of March 16, 1998, her three grandchildren were brutally murdered in an arson house fire in New Castle, Indiana. Jessica was 4, Ashley, 2; Michael was just over a year old. Investigators determined the fire was "deliberately set by pouring and igniting flammable liquid" in the closet of the kids' bedroom and around the room, according to Indiana court records. Her then 25-year-old daughter, Amy Bostick, the children's mother, was convicted on three counts of murder. She's serving life in prison without parole. The murder came at a time when French's personal life was already in turmoil. She was filing for divorce while living in Naples. A couple of years later, she became homeless and moved in with Taylor in Tallahassee for a year. Eventually, she settled into a mobile home off Old Bainbridge Road, where she is now receiving hospice care. For the past 16 years, French has made a living running Karen's Cleaning Service. Although her circumstances improved, French couldn't shake the events of that tragic spring. The ache of her daughter's crime haunted her. It still does. That guilt and anguish prompted her to start a Kairos Outside chapter here in Tallahassee. The organization aims to minister to women in prison. She was a volunteer for 14 years, lending an ear to women in prison to help with feelings of anger and isolation, and giving them a chance at redemption. "People are afraid of people in prison," she said. "You've got to give them that second chance." 'She still has other plans' A photograph of the three radiant children rests on top of her television set. Its special place is by a ceramic angel bell. To French, they were her three angels. To honor them, French started the Angel Tree program at her local church, where volunteers gift Christmas presents, clothes, school supplies, shoes for children whose parents are in prison. She isn't through with giving yet. In honor of her birthday, she plans to donate $60 worth of $5 bills to the homeless. She'll actually turn 59 on May 24, but she's rounding up. "Get this, a woman wants to raise her age," she said, laughing. "I'm hoping to make it on my birthday. But if not, we're doing this early, and if I do [make it to my birthday], oh well —  maybe we can do it again." Taylor is amazed by her sister's generosity and will. "Here she is, she may have a month left," she said, "and yet she's still trying to give back, and she still has other plans." That's the story of French's life. "Sometimes, I step out of my box to do things," French said. "Sometimes we're so comfortable in our little boxes that we don't want to move out of our little space, but God is going to provide for us for it." *** For more stories like this, LIKE Humankind on Facebook. 7 Things You Didn't Know About Lung Cancer (provided by U.S. News & World Report) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Health & Fitness Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From USA TODAY After Ali: Athletes step up for social causes USA TODAY The NFL draft's craziness began with the Bears, and it kept on going USA TODAY 25 years after L.A. riots, Dodgers, Lakers reflect USA TODAY USA TODAY View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Disclaimer About Health Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Latest News Dow 20,981 +6.24 +0.03% Nasdaq 6,049 +23.71 +0.39% S&P 500 2,389 +1.32 +0.06% 3:00 A.M. ET Updated It’s NFL Draft day: Here’s financial advice for incoming rookies from current and former players 2:52 A.M. ET Updated How U.K. GDP data could yank the pound back down to $1.26 2:51 A.M. ET Updated Trump says a ‘major, major conflict’ with North Korea is possible 2:47 A.M. ET Updated Trump on being President: ‘I thought it would be easier’ 2:38 A.M. ET Opinion A world turned inside out: Emerging economies have emerged on top 2:37 A.M. ET Amazon cut to sector weight from overweight at Pacific Crest 2:36 A.M. ET Bank of Ireland trading in line despite Brexit 2:35 A.M. ET Sony expects operating profit to rise to $4.5 bln 2:35 A.M. ET Old Mutual Unit assets grow 6% 2:34 A.M. ET U.K. government cuts Lloyds stake to below 1% 2:34 A.M. ET RBS swings to better than expected profit 2:33 A.M. ET France's GDP growth slows ahead of election 2:32 A.M. ET Linde profit, revenue beats expectations 2:32 A.M. ET Barclays profit halves on African write-down 2:30 A.M. ET Baidu CFO to head investment firm Baidu Capital 2:23 A.M. ET Sanofi profit jumps on sale of animal-health unit 2:23 A.M. ET Japan's core inflation up 0.2%, missing views 2:22 A.M. ET Japan's industrial output falls more than expected 2:22 A.M. ET Taiwan's economic growth slows less than expected 2:22 A.M. ET U.K. consumer sentiment drops slightly in April Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Financial Adviser Center Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement Retire Here, Not There Encore Taxes How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Industries Airlines American Airlines’ stock sinks as pay-raise plan is panned by Wall Street By Tomi Kilgore Published: Apr 27, 2017 4:23 p.m. ET Share What’s good for American Airlines employees and customers can be bad for investors Getty Images By TomiKilgore Reporter and editor American Airlines Group Inc.’s stock took a dive Thursday, a stark reminder that what might be good for employees and customers can be upsetting for investors. The airline industry has been tumbling down a public relations sinkhole the past couple of weeks, starting with the United Airlines passenger that was dragged forcibly off a plane, followed by an American Airlines flight attendant nearly coming to blows with a passenger and after reports surfaced Thursday about a man being booted from a Delta Air Lines plane after using the bathroom while the plane was delayed on the tarmac. American Airlines has tried to make amends, by announcing a significant pay raise for flight attendants and pilots , to take base pay rates to industry highs, years ahead of when union contracts would become amenable. “This is a program for everyone at American and these adjustments reflect a real philosophical change that is an important trait of the new American,” Chief Executive Doug Parker wrote in a letter to employees late Wednesday. The stock AAL, -5.22% tumbled as much as 8.6% in intraday trade, before paring some losses, even though the airline reported first-quarter earnings that beat expectations, while revenue rose in line with forecasts. “Investing in our product...is not enough to retain our customers’ loyalty if we are not investing in our team,” Parker said in a statement on Thursday. “As a service business, it is our team who will differentiate American from the competition.” Analyst Jamie Baker at J.P. Morgan downgraded American Airlines to neutral, after being at a bullish overweight rating since at least December 2013, saying the wage hikes establishes a “worrying precedent” for the company and the whole industry. The NYSE Arca Airline Index XAL, -1.37%  slumped 4%, but had been down as much as 2.4% earlier. Among other air carrier stocks, Delta Air Lines Inc. DAL, -1.36%  shed 1.4%, United Continental Holdings Inc. UAL, -0.88%  slid 0.9%, Southwest Airlines Co. LUV, -2.09%  dropped 2.1%, JetBlue Airways Corp. JBLU, -0.49%  lost 0.5% and Alaska Air Group Inc. ALK, -3.76%  fell 3.8%. Read more about Southwest’s earnings. “We are troubled by [American’s] wealth transfer of nearly $1 billion to its labor groups,” Baker wrote in a note to clients. “In our minds, this is a seminal event, and represents the first, credible potential blow to our long-held ‘it’s different this time’ investment thesis.” Cowen & Co.’s Helane Becker affirmed her market perform rating, saying the proposed pay increases, “which will likely erode earnings if ratified,” overshadow any positives from the earnings report. FactSet American may have good reason to attempt a game changer, as its stock has underperformed its peer group for the last couple of years. It has gained 20% over the past 12 months, while the Arca Airline index (XAL) has rallied 24%. Over the past 2 years, the stock has dropped 15% while the XAL has gained 6.7%. The S&P 500 index SPX, +0.06%  has gained 13% over the past two years. American isn’t the first major U.S. company facing PR issues and stock underperformance, to concede that higher paid employees are likely to provide improved customer service. Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s stock WMT, +0.01%  had underperformed the retail sector for years, as the company’s strategy of paying employees as little as possible so it could pass the savings onto customers, led to a public backlash and flagging same-store sales. Then on Feb. 19, 2015, the discount retail giant announced a two-year $2.7 billion plan to invest in its workforce, which included pay raises and extra training, in an effort to boost employee morale and improve customer service. Wall Street responded by sending the stock down 3.2% that day, as analysts panned the move. It eventually worked, however, as Wal-Mart shares have gained 8.7% over the past 12 months, while the SPDR S&P Retail exchange-traded fund XRT, -0.14%  has lost 5.1%. American may be counting on a similar experience. Gordon Gekko of “Wall Street” fame said, “I don’t like airlines. Lousy unions.” American might end up with the highest paid unions in the industry, resulting in lower profit in the near term, but if employees are happy, and they make the customer happier, Gekko may eventually change his mind. More from MarketWatch Trump's Tax Plan: Three Key Takeaways Michael Lewis says this book is the best ever written on stock trading Google survives YouTube ad controversy, for now Quote References AAL -2.42 -5.22% XAL -1.55 -1.37% DAL -0.63 -1.36% UAL -0.63 -0.88% LUV -1.19 -2.09% JBLU -0.11 -0.49% ALK -3.32 -3.76% SPX +1.32 +0.06% WMT +0.01 +0.01% XRT -0.06 -0.14% Show all references Most Popular Trump says a ‘major, major conflict’ with North Korea is possible Amazon is worth so much because AWS is tech’s true unicorn These are the only 9 stocks Morningstar is fully bullish on Americans may soon have to kiss these lucrative personal tax deductions goodbye Aging Drivers Propel Self-Driving Technology in Japan Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. MarketWatch Partner Center Tomi Kilgore Tomi Kilgore is MarketWatch's deputy investing and corporate news editor and is based in New York. You can follow him on Twitter @TomiKilgore. We Want to Hear from You Join the conversation Comment Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News London WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found American Airlines Group Inc. U.S.: Nasdaq: AAL $43.98 -2.42 (-5.22%) Volume 18.9M Open $43.91 High $44.21 Low $42.41 P/E Ratio 9.21 Div Yield 0.91 Market Cap 23.4B NYSE Arca Airline Index NYSE Glb Ind: XAL 111.89 -1.55 (-1.37%) Volume 0 Open 112.16 High 112.36 Low 110.68 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Delta Air Lines Inc. U.S.: NYSE: DAL $45.74 -0.63 (-1.36%) Volume 12.2M Open $45.68 High $45.86 Low $44.86 P/E Ratio 8.5 Div Yield 1.77 Market Cap 34.1B United Continental Holdings Inc. U.S.: NYSE: UAL $70.70 -0.63 (-0.88%) Volume 5.5M Open $69.77 High $70.76 Low $68.62 P/E Ratio 11.12 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 22.1B Southwest Airlines Co. U.S.: NYSE: LUV $55.75 -1.19 (-2.09%) Volume 10.2M Open $55.61 High $56.42 Low $54.52 P/E Ratio 15.79 Div Yield 0.72 Market Cap 34.4B JetBlue Airways Corp. U.S.: Nasdaq: JBLU $22.14 -0.11 (-0.49%) Volume 9.3M Open $21.98 High $22.32 Low $21.47 P/E Ratio 11.9 Div Yield 0 Market Cap 7.4B Alaska Air Group Inc. U.S.: NYSE: ALK $84.93 -3.32 (-3.76%) Volume 3.2M Open $86.18 High $86.34 Low $83.76 P/E Ratio 14.44 Div Yield 1.41 Market Cap 10.9B S&P 500 Index S&P Base CME: SPX 2,388.77 +1.32 (+0.06%) Volume 2.2B Open 2,390 High 2,392 Low 2,383 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0 Market Cap N/A Wal-Mart Stores Inc. U.S.: NYSE: WMT $75.44 +0.01 (+0.01%) Volume 5.7M Open $75.54 High $75.70 Low $75.02 P/E Ratio 17.18 Div Yield 2.7 Market Cap 228.7B SPDR S&P Retail ETF U.S.: NYSE Arca: XRT $43.47 -0.06 (-0.14%) Volume 4.3M Open $43.52 High $43.67 Low $43.20 P/E Ratio 0 Div Yield 0.99 Market Cap N/A
Things to Read Resist Trump Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Spring Art and Performance Green Guide Home Person of Interest Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film/TV Art Theater Books Things to Do Resistance & Solidarity National Poetry Month Cinco de Mayo Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Log in Sign up Menu Close Things To Read Resist Trump Guide to Food And Drink (International Edition) Spring Art and Performance Green Guide Home Person of Interest Slog Savage Love Queer I, Anonymous Features News Weed Food&Drink Music Film/TV Art Theater Books Print Archives Things To Do Resistance & Solidarity National Poetry Month Cinco de Mayo Things To Do Home All Events Music Movie Times Film Festivals&Events Theater&Dance Comedy Art Readings&Talks Food&Drink Events Queer Weed Festivals Community&Civics Geek&Gaming Sports&Recreation Restaurants Bars&Clubs Other Things Stranger Tickets Stranger Perks Account Log in Sign up SLOG ??!! Mercury Is in Retrograde. But WTF Does That Mean, Anyway? by Katie Herzog • Apr 27, 2017 at 11:25 am Tweet FlashMyPixel/Getty If your social media feeds are anything like mine, you may have noticed an uptick in the number of people complaining about the planets lately. Mercury, it seems, is in retrograde. To adherents of astrology, this means if your relationship is on the rocks or your boss is being a turd or your neighbor changed their HBO password without telling you, blame Mercury. Broadly, “Mercury in retrograde” refers to the position of the planets as we orbit around the Sun. About four times a year—including April 9 to May 3 of this year—it appears from our vantage on planet Earth as though Mercury has reversed direction and is moving backward instead of forward. This is an illusion. Toby Smith, senior lecturer at UW’s Department of Astronomy, compares it to passing a car on the freeway: from the faster car’s perspective, it appears as though the slower car is driving backwards. The consequences of this reversal are significant, says Jasmine Magdalena, an astrologer, psychic medium, and energy healer who happens to be my neighbor. “People should expect problems with communication during this time,” she says. “Also contracts, agreements, documents, books, manuscripts, term papers, deeds, leases, wills, listening, coding, speaking, reading, editing, learning, researching, negotiating. And that's just the start of it. I wouldn’t buy a house right now.” Magdalena, who conducts tarot readings on Instagram and YouTube, is a very modern-day practitioner, but people have believed that the cosmos impact life on Earth for millennia. The ancient Greeks, Romans, Mayans, and Chinese all had belief systems founded on the cosmos, and contemporary Western astrology  is based on Hellenistic and Babylonian traditions. In the US, its popularity has waxed and waned for at least the past century: In the 1920s, astrology was used to predict stock market highs and lows. In the ’80s, Ronald and Nancy Reagan employed an astrologer in the White House. Today, you can buy crystals, tarot decks, and other witchy tchotchkes in such new age shops as Urban Outfitters and Walmart. But what does the science say? Is there any evidence that the movement of the planets affects us down here on Earth? “Categorically, no,” says Smith. “Mercury in retrograde has no more effect on you than the cars that you pass on the road.” Indeed, studies of astrology have never shown it to be more accurate than pure chance. This includes a 1985 double-blind study published in the journal Nature, in which 28 esteemed astrologers from Europe and the US were asked to match astrological charts to psychological profiles. Surprise—they could not. Other studies have replicated this, and as NASA put it, “No one has shown that astrology can be used to predict the future or describe what people are like based on their birth dates.” Still, it persists. A 2014 poll found that up to 45 percent of Americans believe that astrology is science — and that number is on the rise. When I asked Magdalena if she would still believe in astrology if she were faced with evidence that it doesn’t exist, she said, categorically, yes. And, in some ways, it’s easy to see the appeal: Astrology is something to believe in. Perhaps we could all use a little bit of that. But there’s a danger in this thinking. Subscribing to astrology—letting it tell you when to sign a contract or buy a house or who to date—means giving up your power, something we don’t have enough of as it is, as we are too often constrained by socioeconomic forces beyond our control. The reality is, where and when you are born does have an impact on your life—just compare your own circumstances to those of someone born in Syria. But that’s because of resources, and history, and centuries of geopolitics, not because of the position of the sun at the moment of your birth. Sure, astrology gives people something to believe in, but when you let anything control you—whether astrology or religion—it also takes something back. 5 You might also be interested in these: Mayor Murray's Public Safety Adviser Is Running Against City Attorney Pete Holmes by Heidi Groover Fondue Chain That Charges "Living Wage" Fee Donated to Anti-Minimum Wage Campaign by Ana Sofia Knauf Someone Thinks It Would Be a Good Idea for Bill Bryant to Run for Mayor by Sydney Brownstone Most Popular in Slog Savage Love Letter of the Day: Reader Advice Round-up by Dan Savage Mayor Murray's Public Safety Adviser Is Running Against City Attorney Pete Holmes by Heidi Groover Murray Pitches Revised Soda Tax; Labor Union and Soda Companies Promise to Fight It by Heidi Groover Stream Queen: Return of the Nerds! Watch Bill Nye Saves the World and Silicon Valley by Chase Burns Fondue Chain That Charges "Living Wage" Fee Donated to Anti-Minimum Wage Campaign by Ana Sofia Knauf The “Jackson Street Workers Mural” Will Be Unveiled April 30 by Amber Cortes Washington's Student Loan Complaints Shot Up 732 Percent Over the Last Year, Consumer Financial Protection Bureau Reports by Sydney Brownstone Newsletters Sign up for the latest news and to win free tickets to events Stranger Tickets Buy tickets to events around Seattle Stranger Things To Do Comprehensive calendar of Seattle events Stranger Things To Do App The easiest way to find Seattle's best events This Week's Issue Print Archives Publication Info Masthead Ad Info & Rates Distribution Jobs at The Stranger Contact Check it out Follow Us RSS Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy All contents © Index Newspapers LLC 1535 11th Ave (Third Floor), Seattle, WA 98122 Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms of Use | Takedown Policy
Today's date: Friday April 28, 2017 Advertise Submit Ads Submit News Submit a Letter Log In Contact Us       We Cover The County... 39,994 Audited Circulation Home News ALL Centre Wellington Wellington North Mapleton Minto Guelph-Eramosa Erin Puslinch Wellington County Business Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columns Cartoon Editorial Policy Community Arts & Entertainment Sports Rural Life Police Classifieds Auctions Obituaries Events   The Community News Community Guide Fergus Scottish Festival OPP Annual Report Inside Wellington Archives Equine   WEEKLY POLL   |   Community News   |   EQUINE   |   Schools & Buses Proposed marijuana legislation gets mixed reviews by Jaime Myslik WELLINGTON CTY. - The federal government has introduced new marijuana legislation and acknowledged its current approach to cannabis is failing.    “It has allowed criminals and organized crime to profit, while failing to keep cannabis out of the hands of Canadian youth,” states a government press release. “In many cases, it is easier for our kids to buy cannabis than cigarettes.” In an effort to introduce more stringent regulations, the government released its proposed Cannabis Act on April 13. It would provide the legal framework to control the production, distribution, sale and possession of marijuana in Canada. The plan is to bring the act into force no later than July 2018. “The proposed legislation would allow adults to legally possess and use cannabis,” the press release stated. They could carry up to 30g of marijuana in public. However, members of parliament and local law enforcement and health unit officials have expressed concerns about the proposed legislation. Youth access The impact on youths is one of the major concerns surrounding marijuana use in Canada. “Canadian youth have the highest percentage of (cannabis) users in the developed world,” said Jennifer McCorriston, manager of healthy communities and public policy for Wellington-Dufferin-Guelph Public Health. The act will make it a criminal offence to sell cannabis to a minor and introduce “significant penalties for those who engage young Canadians in cannabis-related offences,” the government release states. In addition, McCorriston said, ”they’ve also talked about banning the marketing and advertising and promotion of cannabis products.” She supports the government plan to invest in a public education campaign to inform youths about the risks and harm of marijuana use. However, McCorriston also indicated she’d like to see the legal age raised from the proposed 18 years. “There’s a lot of evidence that supports that if you delay the onset of drug use, which includes marijuana ... the better (it) would it be,” she said. “So current evidence confirms that the brain development is not complete until approximately the age of 25 and there’s further evidence that if you initiate marijuana use early and you are a frequent marijuana user ... that can alter the structure of the developing brain and some of these effects may be irreversible.” Perth-Wellington MP John Nater said the federal government’s proposed bill doesn’t do enough to reduce youth access to marijuana. “The legislation, I think, makes it easier for children to get their hands on marijuana,” he said. “Kids as young as 12 would be able to legally have it in their possession, up to five grams of marijuana, so I think that’s a major concern from the community standpoint as well.” He said children aged 12 to 18 could legally possess cannabis without being charged criminally. Driving In addition to youth access, local authorities are also concerned about drug-impaired driving. “We’re going to have challenges with ... how we’re going to be able to enforce drug impaired drivers and have some mechanism available to us at the roadside,” said Wellington County OPP Inspector Scott Lawson. “Nobody can dispute the fact that marijuana does impair somebody’s cognitive function and so there’s definitely going to be negative impacts on having some level of usage of marijuana related to driving.” Right now in Wellington County, if officers suspect a driver is under the influence of marijuana the verification process is quite lengthy, Lawson explained. The county has two drug recognition officers “specially trained to determine drug impairment if we have signs of impairment but we clearly can rule out alcohol,” Lawson said. If the driver fails to complete a series of tests the police have the legal right to ask for a urine or blood test. “This is a long process over a course of a few hours,” Lawson said. “It’s not (as) expeditious as alcohol impairment.” Though products are currently being tested, Lawson said a new tool to test for drug impairment isn’t going to be put into general-use over night. “You can’t just take a product that claims to do a certain thing off the shelf at Walmart and use it on the roadside,” Lawson said. “It has to be sanctioned by the government, built into the criminal code and be properly monitored, calibrated and agreed upon.” He said he’s confident a tool will be provided before the bill potentially becomes law next year. Nater said the government’s marijuana legislation “has been badly mismanaged.” In addition, he said that while the government struck a task force, it failed to address any of the identified challenges in legalizing marijuana - including roadside testing. “The different police groups have acknowledged that there’s no perfect test for drug-impaired driving and even the tests they do have right now don’t accurately judge toxicity, so it’s a major concern that drug impaired driving could see an increase after this with no real way to combat it,” Nater said. Home growth Another challenge will be regulating marijuana grown in homes, as the legislation proposes up to four plants per household. “There’s going to be the ability to have people grow their own marijuana, to a certain number of plants, in their home and that very much might be a challenge for us ... to monitor,” Lawson said. “We’re kind of waiting to see what tools they’re going to give ... to address those kinds of things.” The biggest concern for public health is to keep the plants out of the reach of minors. “Most children have trouble with the concepts of looking at plants and not touching or tasting or putting in their mouth,” McCorriston said. “We know that children are especially vulnerable to any sort of toxin, including marijuana, because of their developing brain, so we just want to make sure that plants would be kept out of reach and sight of children and pets.” She also said adults need to consider secondhand marijuana smoke as well. Civil penalties Both Wellington MPs have stated they don’t think all marijuana offences should be tried under the criminal code. “It’s clear that the criminal code is not an effective tool to reduce usage and harm and new tools are needed,” said Wellington-Halton Hills MP Michael Chong. “One of the new tools that I think the government should take a look at is a civil remedy approach rather than a criminal remedy approach.” Nater agreed. “For a small amount of possession police officers could issue a ticket rather than going through the criminal justice system because we do see a backlog in our ... system due to marijuana and drug-related issues,” he said. “So we’d like to give that discretion to the police officers to be able to issue a ticket if it is a single offence for a small amount.” However, Chong added, “I do support leaving in place certain aspects of the criminal code and using certain aspects of the criminal code to combat organized crime, marijuana trafficking.” Organized crime Lawson said organized crime is going to remain a challenge under the proposed legislation. “If somebody’s buying marijuana ... it’s usually always driven in the background by some type of organized crime component ... we’re going to need to very much focus on that part of it to really stem that issue,” he said. However, he’s confident his concerns will be addressed before the bill becomes law. “We’re very confident that we’re going to see the appropriate tools (that) allow us to continue providing public safety,” he said. Marijuana and pregnancy McCorriston stressed it will also be important to educate about the impact of marijuana use during pregnancy. “We know that ... the toxin in cannabis can be carried to the fetus during pregnancy and also can be present in breast milk following birth,” she said. “So heavy cannabis use during pregnancy can lead to a lower birth weight of a baby and it’s also been associated with longer-term developmental effects.” -With files from Olivia Rutt April 28, 2017     Tweet Tell Us What You Think Login to submit a comment Comments appearing on this website are the opinion of the comment writer and do not represent the opinion of the Wellington Advertiser. Comments that attack other individuals or are offensive, unsubstantiated or otherwise inappropriate will be removed. You must register or log in in order to post a comment. For more information, read our detailed Comment Policy and Guidelines.         Related Stories Mapleton Minto 81s have successful weekend Wellington Countys blue box program turns 25 Warden: little interest in elected at-large head of county council January is Crime Stoppers Month Hospital executives earn almost $700,000 Police warn even with good road maintenance drivers must take care County adds items to blue box collection Reports: Cynthia Vanier to be held 40 more days Three local groups receive Farm Credit Canada funding County staff offer helping hand to families in need Parents upset by school board plan to transfer students from Guelph to Erin Local emergency departments urge patients to prepare for holiday Mount Forest woman accused as ringleader in Gaddafi smuggling plot Inspector Scott Smith: People are their own best crime defence Groves, North Wellington Health Care get award King of the Pull winners announced The Wellington Advertiser News Opinion Community Deaths Digital Publications Classifieds Centre Wellington Wellington North Mapleton Minto Guelph/Eramosa Erin Puslinch Police Report   Editorial Letters to the Editor Columns Cartoon Editorial Policy Submit a Letter   Sports Arts & Entertainment Community Events Rural Life ----- Contact Us Submit Your Community Event   Obituaries   Browse Our Publications ----- Community News Fergus Fall Fair Equine Community Guide Fergus Scottish Festival Digital Flyers Wellington OPP Annual Reports Drayton Fair Book Acton Fall Fair Wellington County Plowing Match Inside Wellington Archives   Classified Index Jobs Articles for Sale Farm Equipment Trades and Services Apartments / Rentals Enhanced Ads   © All materials copyright The Wellington Advertiser, 2006- . Photographs and text found here may not be used for any purpose whatsoever without express permission. If you need something, please ask. Your feedback is welcome. Please direct comments, questions or suggestions to editor@wellingtonadvertiser.com
Vanity Fair hive Sign In/Up business technology politics the players hwd movies television awards reviews vanities celebrity fashion beauty royals NEWSLETTER Video VF Store Magazine Search Celebrity Fashion Beauty Royals From the Magazine Mica Ertegun, the Nonagenarian Style Legend Who Shows No Signs of Sto… Email Facebook Twitter SIGN UP FOR NEWSLETTER From the Magazine Mica Ertegun, the Nonagenarian Style Legend Who Shows No Signs of Stopping Everyone from Henry Kissinger to Kid Rock worships Mica Ertegun, the wife of the late founder of Atlantic records. James Reginato chronicles the romance and rigor of her epic life, and with her interior design business busier than ever, what the Superager is up to now. by James ReginatoMay 2017 Email Facebook Twitter PORTRAITS OF STYLE Left, a Horst portrait of Ahmet and Mica Ertegun at Regine’s, in New York City, photographed by Bill Cunningham, 1977. Right, Mica Ertegun in her Manhattan apartment, 1969. Photographs from the Conde Nast archive. There can’t be another nonagenarian today who is as tight with Henry Kissinger and Annette de la Renta as she is with Kid Rock and the members of Led Zeppelin. But, then, Ioana Maria Banu, “Mica” Ertegun, who turned 90 on October 21, is one of the most intriguing senior citizens around. For 45 years she was married to Ahmet Ertegun, the Turkish-born co-founder of Atlantic Records, who reigned as the most influential titan of the music industry for five decades as he shaped the careers of artists ranging from Aretha Franklin to the Rolling Stones. All the while, the couple was the virtual definition of sophistication, and they set a new gold standard for fine living at their homes in New York City, Southampton, Paris, and Bodrum, Turkey. Mica’s unique personal style—her blend of the austere and the exotic—made her a fashion icon. (She was named to the International Best-Dressed List Hall of Fame in 1971.) It infused not only her houses but also many others’. In 1967, she and her best friend, Chessy Rayner, founded a decorating firm, which they named with their initials, MAC II. (They liked the ring of it because “it sounded like a trucking firm,” Mica explains.) With Rayner’s death from lung cancer at age 66 in 1998 and Ahmet’s sudden death at age 83 in 2006—after a fall at a Rolling Stones concert in New York celebrating the 60th birthday of Bill Clinton—many wondered if Mica would keep going. But there she was in Brooklyn, at 11:30 on a Friday night last spring, at the Barclays Center, toasting Deep Purple, Cheap Trick, and the other 2016 inductees into the Rock & Roll Hall of Fame. Recently, she has finished decorating a major Park Avenue duplex for Walmart heiress Alice Walton, an oceanfront mansion in Southampton for private-equity magnate Leon Black, and two projects in Tel Aviv. Meanwhile, as Ertegun jets around to her various residences, she is overseeing significant philanthropic endeavors. In December, Aretha Franklin serenaded her at the dedication of the Mica and Ahmet Ertegun Atrium, at Jazz at Lincoln Center, in New York, made possible by Mica’s $9 million gift. Several times a year, she travels to Oxford to check on progress at the Mica and Ahmet Ertegun Graduate Scholarship Programme, launched in 2012 with her $41 million pledge—the largest gift for humanities students in the university’s 900-year history. On March 19, she was in Jerusalem, where her largesse accomplished arguably the most miraculous-sounding feat in the annals of modern philanthropy: the reopening of the tomb of Jesus Christ. Ertegun provided a lead gift of $1.4 million to the World Monuments Fund, which enabled the restoration of the Edicule, the structure inside the 4th-century Church of the Holy Sepulchre that covers the cave where, many of the faithful believe, Jesus was entombed. Since the 19th century, the limestone-and-marble Edicule had been in danger of collapse and was shored up by an ugly iron cage. At a ceremony celebrating the restoration, the costs of which totaled nearly $4 million, Theophilos III, Patriarch of the Holy City of Jerusalem and All Palestine, issued a proclamation naming Mica “Great Cross-Bearer,” the Greek Orthodox Church of Jerusalem’s highest honor, and told her, “Mica, you made the impossible possible.” Full ScreenPhotos: 1/9Inside Mica Ertegun’s Elegant Lifestyle Mica’s yacht, Ioana Maria, off the coast of Bodrum.Photo: Photograph by Jonathan Becker. Mica on her yacht, Ioana Maria, in Bodrum, Turkey.Photo: Photograph by Jonathan Becker. Boatman House, her estate in Southampton, New York.Photo: Photograph by Jonathan Becker. Her New York City living room.Photo: Photograph by Jonathan Becker. On a side table in the library of her New York City town house, a picture of Mick Jagger, Ahmet, and Jann Wenner.Photo: Photograph by Jonathan Becker. The front lawn of Boatman House. The pool at Boatman House.Photo: Photograph by Jonathan Becker. PreviousNext Mica’s yacht, Ioana Maria, off the coast of Bodrum. Photograph by Jonathan Becker. Mica on her yacht, Ioana Maria, in Bodrum, Turkey. Photograph by Jonathan Becker. Boatman House, her estate in Southampton, New York. Photograph by Jonathan Becker. Her New York City living room. Photograph by Jonathan Becker. The living room in Aga Konak. Photograph by Jonathan Becker. A guest bedroom at Aga Konak, her Bodrum house. Photograph by Jonathan Becker. On a side table in the library of her New York City town house, a picture of Mick Jagger, Ahmet, and Jann Wenner. Photograph by Jonathan Becker. The front lawn of Boatman House. The pool at Boatman House. Photograph by Jonathan Becker. Last summer, as Ertegun approached her 90th birthday, her sterling legacy seemed secure. But on August 16 many of her devoted friends were shocked and disturbed to open up the New York Post and see a blaring headline—“ERTEGUN’S WIDOW ‘TERRORIZED’ ”—at the top of Richard Johnson’s column. According to Johnson, “longtime friends” of Mica “are worried she has fallen under the control of Linda Wachner, former CEO of Warnaco . . . [who] won’t let Mica, 89, see her old friends.” “She controls Mica’s life,” claimed Sheldon Vogel, former vice chairman of Atlantic Records. An unnamed “old friend” went so far as to say that Ertegun is “being terrorized in her own home” by Wachner. Had Ertegun’s life turned into some nightmare reminiscent of What Ever Happened to Baby Jane? Several close friends of Ertegun’s whom I contacted after the story was published agreed that Mica is now “frail” and that Wachner, 71, is her near-constant companion—but all debunked any sinister accusations against Wachner. “I had lunch with both of them a few months ago. I see nothing untoward going on . . . and happen to think Linda is a blessing for Mica,” says close friend and Rolling Stone co-founder Jann Wenner, who went on to call the allegations “baseless and without credibility.” “The idea that Linda is keeping Mica away from her old friends is absurd,” says music-industry mogul Lyor Cohen. “They came over to my house in Sag Harbor a month ago, and both were in great spirits.” Meanwhile, Boaz Mazor, a longtime Oscar de la Renta executive, had a “very jolly” dinner with the two ladies recently. “If I want Mica, I get Mica,” he says. “Maybe the people saying these things are people Mica doesn’t want to see.” “Mica calls her own shots. She is still in charge of herself,” vouches Louise Grunwald, a leader of society and philanthropy in New York. “Linda is devoted to her, but she’s not getting anything out of it financially. She’s not stealing one penny.” “Mica is a total original who has never copied anyone,” says Boaz Mazor, an Oscar de la Renta executive. “There is no elder abuse here, nor is there going to be,” Grunwald adds. “Nobody who knows Mica is going to allow what happened to Brooke Astor to happen to her.” Certainly, Ertegun (who called the Post’s story “completely false” in a letter she wrote to Johnson, with Rupert Murdoch in c.c.) was not being kept from her old friends the night of October 21, when Wachner invited 37 of them to La Grenouille to celebrate Mica’s 90th birthday. In addition to the abovementioned friends and others such as Mercedes Bass and Princess Firyal of Jordan, the guest list included the Reverend Father Alexander Karloutsos, Ertegun’s Greek Orthodox pastor; several of her doctors; the staff of MAC II; and Bette Midler, who sang “Happy Birthday.” “I think [the gathering] speaks for itself,” Wachner told me. Mica and Bill Blass at Mortimer’s, in New York City, 1983. By Tony Palmieri/Penske Media/Rex/Shutterstock. Life During Wartime ‘We had a beautiful house in Romania,” Mica recalls of her childhood. “It was very luxurious.” She was the only child of Natalia Gologan and Dr. Gheorghe Banu, a physician who served in the Cabinet of the government that ruled under King Carol II. Mica acquired her nickname after her German nurse kept hearing her father call her “mic,” Romanian for “the little one.” During bombing raids by the Allies in World War II, Mica was evacuated from Bucharest to her family’s country house, outside the capital. In 1942, when she was 16, she married Stefan Grecianu, son of another land-owning family, who was 15 years her senior and whose mother was a lady-in-waiting to Queen Marie of Romania. On January 10, 1948, 11 days after King Michael (who had succeeded Carol II) was forced to abdicate by Romania’s new Communist government, Mica and her husband boarded one of the two trains on which members of the royal family were sent into their exile. “[The authorities] told us we could take everything,” Mica recalls. “When we got on the train, they took everything. But I was so happy to be out.” Traveling on Nansen passports—issued to stateless people by the League of Nations—the party ended up in Zurich, where, according to The Last Sultan: The Life and Times of Ahmet Ertegun, a biography by Robert Greenfield published in 2011, they boarded at the elegant Dolder Grand hotel, though none of them had a dime to pay. By grace and favor, the group stayed for nearly a year. Kind fellow guests they befriended helped get the young couple on their feet. Family friends shepherded them to Paris, where Mica got modeling jobs for a few months. Some “very rich Canadians,” as Mica describes them, later lent them funds to move to a town on the shore of Lake Ontario and purchase a farm. In spite of having had to take care of 5,000 chickens whose eggs she had to collect, wash, and box, Mica looks back fondly on the nearly 10 years she spent there, rising every morning at five to collect eggs but dressing at night for candelabra-lit dinners. “We had to create a world,” she says. “It was tough, but it was the best time of my life. When you are young, anything can be great.” When She Met Ahmet Mica’s life was transformed after she took a trip to New York in the fall of 1958 to meet with the Turkish ambassador to the United Nations in the hope that he could help her get her father out of Romania, where he had been imprisoned by the Communists. Because Mica seemed so sad, the wife of the ambassador (who, when he had been posted to Romania, had met Mica’s father) arranged for Mica to join a dinner party at the Bon Soir, a small but lively cabaret in Greenwich Village. Among the guests was Ahmet Ertegun, then 35. When Ahmet was two, his father, Mehmet, the legal counselor to Kemal Ataturk, the founder of modern Turkey, was named minister to Switzerland. Two years later, he was sent to Geneva to be the Turkish observer to the League of Nations, and later he served as ambassador to France, the Court of St. James’s, and, finally, the United States, during the Franklin D. Roosevelt administration. The Erteguns had moved into the ornate Turkish Embassy, on Massachusetts Avenue in Washington, D.C., in 1934. Ahmet, then 12, and his brother, Nesuhi, 16, attended the elite St. Albans School. But the boys, fascinated by black culture, spent as much time as they could combing through record shops and visiting theaters in the city’s black neighborhoods. Mehmet, then the dean of the diplomatic corps, died of a heart attack in 1944, when Ahmet was 21. His body was kept in Arlington National Cemetery for 17 months before President Truman sent it back to Turkey on the U.S.S. Missouri, and Ahmet’s mother, Hayrunnisa, and sister, Selma, repatriated. The brothers remained in America. In 1947, in partnership with a friend and bankrolled by a $10,000 loan from his dentist, Ahmet founded Atlantic Records. When he met Mica that evening at the Bon Soir, Ertegun had just resumed bachelorhood, after a two-year marriage to a Swedish-American actress who was said to resemble Greta Garbo. “Mica has a mythic presence,” says Larry Gagosian. “She is flawless, kind of a Jackie O.” Ertegun’s first impression of Mica, according to his biographer, Robert Greenfield, was: “She had a greater elegance and aristocracy than any of the girls I knew. She was much more of a lady.” “He was a man like nobody else,” she tells me. “He was a man who fascinated me.” After Mica returned to Canada, Ahmet called her frequently on the farm, where she talked to him on a hand-cranked phone. On one occasion he flew to meet her in Montreal, where he arranged a suite for her at the Ritz-Carlton. There, in a closet, he had hidden a small band, which emerged to serenade her with “Puttin’ On the Ritz,” among other songs. “It was very hard to leave my husband—he was very, very nice,” Mica says. But on April 6, 1961, she married Ahmet in a small ceremony in a Manhattan apartment. “I think the most important choice I ever made in my life was to marry her,” he told Greenfield. Yet his career puzzled her. “I knew opera—but I didn’t know what I was listening to with him,” she recalls. “Boom, boom, boom. After an hour, I said, ‘I can’t stand this!’ ” In time, whatever her opinions of the music, Mica became very fond of the artists in Ahmet’s stable who made it. “I like them all . . . some of them very much,” she says. (Mick Jagger, Robert Plant, Eric Clapton, and Stephen Stills are among her favorites.) While Ahmet immersed himself in the record business, Mica set about decorating the five-story town house they had bought on East 81st Street. The young couple’s charm clearly registered with the right people. “I had them to dinner before anyone you know had them to dinner. Ten—more than ten—years ago,” Diana Vreeland told The New Yorker in 1978. “But why did I ask them back?,” Vreeland pondered. “It was the energy. Of course, it was the energy.” Vreeland’s quotes appeared in a two-part, 60-page, 33,000-word profile of Ahmet. Even by the standards of The New Yorker in its flushest days, the piece was completed on generous terms for its author, George W. S. Trow, who took seven years to write it. During that time he virtually embedded himself with the couple, accompanying them in first-class cabins, limousines, five-star hotels, and on private planes and countless champagne-soaked evenings. No wonder he stretched it out to seven years. But it was apparently worth the wait to the magazine’s editor, William Shawn. “This piece is Proust,” he told Trow after reading the manuscript. At one point in the article, Mica and Ahmet are at the last concert at the Fillmore East. Trow’s diary entry after the occasion: “Mica in striking black dress. Other record-company presidents floored by Mica . . . . Minor record-company president asked Mica if she liked Allman Brothers Band.” “Yah,” Mica said. “They are divine, no?” Trow later goes on to parse this expression, which, he observed, was typical of her delivery of simple sentences, “in a manner that implied authority or indifference, or both . . . . This expression can mean ‘Yes, it’s divine, I couldn’t agree more’ or ‘Yes, it’s divine, but why bring it up?’ or ‘No, I don’t think it’s divine’ or ‘I wish you would go away.’ ” Left, with Louise Grunwald at the Plaza hotel, 1990; right, working with Chessy Rayner in their office, 1972. Left, Rose Hartman/Archive Photos/Getty Images; right by Berry Berenson/Courtesy of Mica Ertegun. On the Town As Ahmet reached the apex of the music industry, Ahmet and Mica summited international society. The lunches, dinners, and parties they gave, whether at one of their houses or the most fashionable venues of the day (La Côte Basque, Mortimer’s, the Cotton Club, Roseland Ballroom, and Cannes’s Hôtel Majestic, to name a few), always drew an exciting mixture of boldfaced names. Gianni Agnelli, Jacqueline Onassis, Andy Warhol, Brooke Astor, Kay Graham, and the like would be seated next to Ahmet’s music stars, such as Jagger, Plant, and Midler. “It was all very heady and glamorous,” says Midler. “I came from Hawaii, I had no background, and this was so rarefied. I remember being incredibly impressed by the experience—the house was so beautiful, the food was so exquisite, the service impeccable.” “They could put a dinner together with a glamorous cast of characters better than anyone,” recalls TV producer Douglas Cramer, a friend of the couple’s and a client of Mica’s. “They reached into the worlds of art, music, theater, literature, business . . . . So you might find David Hockney, Joan Collins, David Geffen, Steve Schwartzman, Sandy Weill, Joan Didion, Larry Gagosian.” “I prefer simplicity,” Mica Ertegun says. “Some people want to buy things just because they cost a million dollars.” “They really knew how to do it,” says Gagosian. “I never turned down an invitation from them. They were a magical couple. Mica has a mythic presence—she is flawless, kind of a Jackie O.” “Mica was surely one of the most sophisticated people I’ve ever met,” says another frequent guest, Jann Wenner. “She didn’t care if you were Eric Clapton or Henry Kissinger—she welcomed everybody in equally and brought these worlds together. But you came up to her level; she didn’t come down to yours.” It was common knowledge, however, that Ahmet’s partying extended far beyond (or beneath) his refined evenings with Mica. “I could never keep up with Ahmet,” Jagger said at the star-studded tribute in 2007 for the mogul. He “was a father figure, this is true. But to me, he was more like the wicked uncle with a wicked chuckle.” “Sure, he fucked around,” says Wenner. “My interpretation is that she just loved him so much she was willing to let certain things slide.” In the later years of his life, Ertegun’s favorite carousing companion was Kid Rock, whose albums were distributed by Atlantic beginning in 1998. According to the entertainer, Mica was a model of understanding: “One time I was in Mexico with my girl at the time, renting out this most amazing villa,” he says. “But after two days, I had nothing to say to her. I was bored out of my mind. I thought, I want to get some people here. At that time, I didn’t know too many people with private planes—but Ahmet had one. So I called his house. Mica answered. I told her what shenanigans I was up to and said, ‘Look, I’ve got this great spot. I know Ahmet’s got a plane . . .’ She said, ‘Oh, call him. He’s in Beverly Hills—I’m sure he’d love to come.’ Next day he was there. She didn’t pay no mind.” He also recalls the time “after a three-day bender” when he showed up at the door of the Ertegun house in Southampton. “I was a mess. She welcomed me right in, didn’t look down on me,” he says. “Some nights we got wild, me and Ahmet—music blasting, telling dirty jokes, on the table,” he continues. “And I never saw that look of disgust on her face that I’ve seen on so many other women, when they reach that point: Get out. She would either just hang out with us and smile or go do her own thing. “But you held Mica in the highest regard and respect,” he concludes. “Ahmet demanded that, and she gave off an aura that was so wonderful you had no choice but to respect her to the nines. That’s just who she is.” “Mica is very intelligent in a European way,” comments Jean Pigozzi, a close friend of both Erteguns. “She knew Ahmet always loved her and she was the No. 1 woman in his life, but obviously he was philandering. A typical Park Avenue or Beverly Hills wife would have made a scandal out of it and destroyed the marriage, but she behaved in a very elegant way, and they had a great marriage, bound by a remarkable, incredible mutual respect. A lot of American women should learn from Mica.” Mica’s unflappable attitude extended to houseguests, though not all of them felt the same way, as Pigozzi recalls of a stay at a villa in Barbados that the Erteguns had rented. “Jerry Zipkin was there along with Jimmy Page and his girlfriend. Every day she got stoned, and after lunch she passed out in the nearest room, which was Jerry’s. He hated it!” Mica, he adds, “kind of elegantly ignored it all.” Page and other members of Led Zeppelin certainly demonstrated their esteem for Ahmet after his death, when they re-united for their first concert performance in 27 years to play at London’s 02 Arena in his honor. The $5.2 million revenue from the event, per an agreement between Mica Ertegun and Led Zeppelin, was donated to education in the U.S. and Europe, including, at St. John’s College, Oxford, an undergraduate music program established in Ahmet Ertegun’s name. “Perhaps more than anything else [Mica] is patient,” says David Geffen. “I have known her for almost 50 years now and have never seen her lose her temper even when there is nothing but chaos around her. Ahmet was a very lucky man.” “I never minded, because I knew it wasn’t against me,” says Mica about her husband’s freewheeling ways. “I knew I was the best thing in his life.” She was good for his business too. “When I was running Warner’s [which had acquired Atlantic Records in 1967], Kid Rock was frequently angry with me,” says Lyor Cohen. “Often, it was the steady hand of Mica who calmed him down.” In 1978, it was Mica who resolved a major dispute with the Rolling Stones, over a lyric written on the title track of the album Some Girls: “Black girls just wanna get fucked all night.” It was meant, according to the band, to be ironic. But Ahmet, incensed by any form of racism, insisted the line be rewritten before he would release the album. A deadlock ensued for weeks, until Mica, who had become friendly with Jagger, persuaded Ahmet to release the disc, which subsequently sold more than nine million copies. “She was my touchstone of civility during the overwhelming chaos of those tumultuous times,” vouches Stephen Stills, of Crosby, Stills, Nash & Young. “When fame struck the rube, she reminded me that, underneath it all, I was a gentleman.” “She was impossibly spellbinding,” he adds. “She was, without question, the most classically elegant woman I have ever had the good fortune to know. She has a way of making one stand a little straighter and mind one’s manners.” Mica, photographed in her office by Harry Benson, 2012. Photograph from the Condé Nast Archive. Designing Women Early on in her marriage, Mica wisely decided to carve out a life of her own. “He was very busy, so I thought I would go to school.” Encouraged by the success she had had in doing up her own town house, she enrolled in the New York School of Interior Design. She soon went into business with Chesbrough Lewis Hall, a debutante from Ohio who had married William P. Rayner, an executive at Condé Nast, where her stepfather, Iva S. V. Patcevitch, was chairman. “We became great friends,” says Mica. “She had no children, I had no children, so we started working. It became a business.” In the early years, “the girls,” as they were often called, were treated somewhat dismissively by the decorating establishment; they were seen as rich ladies with time on their hands. “Mica does not have to work,” commented the fearsome Sister Parish (who no doubt didn’t like losing out on jobs to MAC II). Soon they had major fans, and clients, among whom was fashion designer Bill Blass. “There aren’t any two girls in New York with more on the ball, more of a flair for food, for clothes, for living, than Mica and Chessy,” he told Vogue in 1972. Their “look”—clean, crisp, pared back, unfussy—was a real breath of fresh air from the then fashionable heavy, chintz-filled interiors, and it had a significant influence on contemporary taste. “Mica never puts a wrong foot forward. She has the most refined eye,” says Annette de la Renta. “It is minimalistic, but at the same time there are exuberant touches.” There has always been a close connection between Mica’s style in fashion and in interiors. “Everything follows suit,” says Louise Grunwald. “Mica’s look is austere and strict. She is architectural in her dress, and in her interiors there is never any froufrou. No fringe on the lampshades for Mica. She likes bold, masculine furniture—like William IV or Charles X pieces, not spindly French things. She didn’t go for the glitz other people went for. But you can’t put a label on her style—it’s a very eclectic mixture.” “Mica is a total original who has never copied anyone,” says Boaz Mazor. “Bill [Blass] and Oscar got a lot of ideas and inspiration from her. She would go to the bazaar in Bodrum and come back with some 19th-century embroidered tunic or caftan, for example, and Oscar would just flip over it. Sometimes we would bring it back to our studio to copy it. But no one ever wore it better than Mica.” Initially, MAC II’s office was in a large closet in the Ertegun town house. In 1976, the firm moved into the five-story town house adjacent to the Ertegun residence, where it remains. Today, Mica’s clients marvel at her stamina and work ethic. “She’s on the job site at 9:30 in the morning on the dot,” says Douglas Cramer, for whom MAC II has decorated two houses (on St. Martin and in Connecticut) and overseen four Manhattan apartment renovations (most recently at River House). “And she shows up perfectly coiffed and made-up, looking like she’s just stepped out of Bergdorf’s window.” Although there is grandeur in Mica’s interiors, there’s a sparseness and understatement to them as well. “I prefer simplicity,” she says. “I hate things that are rich and ugly. Some people want to buy things just because they cost a million dollars.” Her own residences, of course, are the best illustrations of her style. In her 81st Street town house, she knocked down the walls of three rooms to create a dramatic loft-like drawing room, which she filled with a small but magnificent collection of modern art along with superb Russian, French, and German antique furniture. In the early 90s, the Erteguns commissioned architect Jaquelin T. Robertson to design a house for them in Southampton. Boatman House, as it is named, resembles a neoclassical Russian dacha, where a staggering 40-foot-square, two-story living room is furnished with monumentally scaled Turkish portraits. Some inspiration came from their friend and neighbor across the street, William Paley, whose house also featured a large square room. (In building Boatman House, Robertson designed the exterior ocher-grained stone steps at a gentle gradation in order to accommodate a ramp for Paley’s wheelchair when he came to dinner: “the Bill Paley stairs,” as Robertson christened them.) One of the guest bedrooms was dedicated as “Swifty’s room” and was painted in sumptuous dark-Edwardian-green stripes to please “superagent” Irving Lazar. The only residence at which the Erteguns infrequently entertained is their Right Bank Paris apartment. Mica still visits it several times a year, and it seems to be her private sanctuary. Over the decades, the place where the Erteguns lived largest was Aga Konak, in Bodrum, on the south coast of Turkey. The 10-bedroom, 15-bath stone house served as one of the great pleasure domes for high society and rock ‘n’ roll from the 1970s onward. But when Mica and Ahmet found the property, it was a ruin with no roof. Mica transformed it into “a dream,” according to repeat guest Lyor Cohen. “It was done in an easy way that was beyond elegance,” he says. “It is the only real elegance. Everything else feels fraudulent.” With Mica, he says, “it just is.” “You were immediately enchanted,” says Midler, who, with her husband and daughter, visited several times. “There was a serenity about it.” “The breakfasts!” she continues. “We had never eaten like that. Beautiful homemade breads and marmalades, feta cheese, honey, fresh-mint tea. And the figs! Figs, figs, figs. It was all just perfect.” Fortitude and Faith On October 29, 2006, the Erteguns were doing what they excelled at: mixing with the titans of music and society, at the Beacon Theater, in New York. They went to the lounge to have a drink before the Stones’ Clinton Foundation benefit concert to mark Bill Clinton’s 60th birthday. After exiting a bathroom, where a light wasn’t working, Ahmet stumbled on a step and fell backward, hitting his head. A few days later, after a series of strokes, he went into a coma at New York-Presbyterian Hospital, where Mica kept a near-constant vigil for six weeks as distraught friends came to visit. (Though there were moments of levity. “I was sitting there with Mica and looking at Ahmet,” recalls Wenner. “ ‘It’s amazing how good-looking he is,’ I said to her. ‘Why does he look so good?’ ‘Well, of course,’ she said, ‘he hasn’t been drinking.’ ”) A few days after his death, on December 14, Ahmet’s body was flown to Turkey on Paul Allen’s 757 and buried in a cemetery overlooking the Bosporus, where his parents are interred. “When he died . . . it was so unexpected . . . it was very difficult,” says Mica. The death of Chessy Rayner was sorrowful as well. “It was a terrible thing. I thought I wasn’t going to go on . . .” But on she has gone, and she has no plans to retire. “And do what?” she asks rhetorically. “Buy diamonds? I like to work . . . it’s not so tragic,” she says with the hint of a smile. With seven people on staff at MAC II, the office is buzzing, and Ertegun on a recent day was preparing for yet another visit to Oxford. “I’m in love with it. It’s so civilized and fantastic,” she says about the Ertegun Graduate Scholarship Programme there. Thanks to Mica’s gift, up to 35 graduate students annually will receive scholarships to study the humanities, and they will have the use of a study center, Mica and Ahmet Ertegun House, a five-story Georgian-era building that she also helped redesign. According to Antony Green in the university’s development office, Ertegun’s gift has been “absolutely transformative for the study of the humanities at Oxford University.” “For Ahmet and for me, one of the great joys of life has been the study of history, music, languages, literature, art, and archaeology . . . . I believe it is tremendously important to support those things that endure across time . . . and make the world a more humane place,” she said when her donation was announced. In January, in recognition of this benefaction, H.M. the Queen made Ertegun an honorary Commander of the Most Excellent Order of the British Empire. “She’s a classy lady, to sum it up,” says Henry Kissinger. His sentiments are expressed just slightly differently by Kid Rock. “She’s one of the coolest ladies I’ve ever been privileged to know,” he says. “I wish she would start an etiquette school for young ladies.” Full ScreenPhotos: 1/11At Home in Provence with David Linley, the Earl of Snowdon SCENIC DRIVE David Linley, the second Earl of Snowdon (right), and son Charles, at Château d’Autet, in Provence, with their vintage Citroën Deux Chevaux, Tintin.Photo: Photograph by Jonathan Becker. Château d’AutetPhoto: Photograph by Jonathan Becker. Alfresco dining on the grounds.Photo: Photograph by Jonathan Becker. The breakfast table in a sitting room.Photo: Photograph by Jonathan Becker. Charles and David play pétanque.Photo: Photograph by Jonathan Becker. The château’s gardens.Photo: Photograph by Jonathan Becker. The Deux Chevaux hits the road.Photo: Photograph by Jonathan Becker. PreviousNext SCENIC DRIVE David Linley, the second Earl of Snowdon (right), and son Charles, at Château d’Autet, in Provence, with their vintage Citroën Deux Chevaux, Tintin. Photograph by Jonathan Becker. Château d’Autet Photograph by Jonathan Becker. Alfresco dining on the grounds. Photograph by Jonathan Becker. The breakfast table in a sitting room. Photograph by Jonathan Becker. The “red and yellow” desk made by David at age 14. Photograph by Jonathan Becker. Family photos (David with his mother, Princess Margaret; a portrait of Princess Margaret; Serena and David) and a bust of the artist Oliver Messel, David’s great-uncle, as a boy. Photograph by Jonathan Becker. A sitting room in the château’s hunting lodge. Photograph by Jonathan Becker. A note from David to guests. Photograph by Jonathan Becker. Charles and David play pétanque. Photograph by Jonathan Becker. The château’s gardens. Photograph by Jonathan Becker. The Deux Chevaux hits the road. Photograph by Jonathan Becker. Share Email Facebook Twitter YOU MIGHT LIKE How Nan Talese Blazed Her Pioneering Path through the Publishing Boys’ ClubVanity Fair How Suzy Ruled Society Gossip for Five Decades, as Told by Aileen MehleVanity Fair How the Earl of Snowdon Turned His Heritage into a LifestyleVanity Fair 30 Unforgettable Met Gala LooksVanity Fair Hollywood's Forgotten FlingsVanity Fair A Life in Focus: Remembering Antony Armstrong-Jones, the First Earl of SnowdonVanity Fair Around the Web Powered by Zergnet RELATEDSEEK How Nan Talese Blazed Her Pioneering Path through the Publishing Boys’ ClubBY EVGENIA PERETZ How Suzy Ruled Society Gossip for Five Decades, as Told by Aileen MehleBY BOB COLACELLO SEEK NEWSLETTER SIGN UP subscribe Follow VF Vanity Fair Worldwide: United Kingdom Italy Mexico Spain France Visit our sister sites Condé Nast Store Reprint/Permissions VF Media Kit Promotions Contact VF Customer Service Advertising Inside The Issue Careers Digital Edition Sitemap Condé Nast © Condé Nast. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement (effective January 2, 2014) and Privacy Policy (effective January 2, 2014). Your CA Privacy Rights. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Condé Nast. Ad Choices
