Home Subscribe (Free) About NaturalNews Contact Us Write for NaturalNews Media info Advertising info ARTICLES BLOGS LABS SCIENCE REFERENCE REPORTS VIDEOS RADIO INFOGRAPHICS MUSIC CARTOONS LIBRARY RSS STORE Search Powered by GoodGopher.com BOSTON RALLY this Thurs to protest "hanging" of vaccine skeptics Azure Organic Farm needs our HELP Diabetic prepper? This may be the most important article you ever read Monday, May 15, 2017 by: Jayson Veley Tags: diabetes, insulin, prepping, survival (Natural News) Whether it’s the result of an EMP strike, a nuclear attack or some kind of zombie apocalypse, people across the country are vigorously preparing for life after society collapses like a house of cards. Many Americans have spent thousands of dollars on underground bunkers that they can retreat to should the outside world become too dangerous. Others have spent weeks planning out elaborate escape routes and rendezvous points so that they will have a place to meet up with family and friends should traditional transportation become impossible. But while this is all well and good, what is someone supposed to do if they have a condition that requires society to be intact in order to obtain the necessary treatment? According to the Centers for Disease Control, 29.1 million Americans had diagnosed or undiagnosed diabetes as of the year 2014, a number equal to 9.3 percent of the population. [RELATED: Read about the top five natural substances that could cure type 1 diabetes]. If someone who is living with diabetes is dependent on insulin, then the financial burden can be quite harsh, considering the fact that vials of insulin can cost $200 to $300 each. So, if the entire economy collapses along with society itself, how is a diabetic supposed to survive in a post-apocalyptic world? If you are a diabetic, the best way to handle being in a life or death situation such as the one described above is to not put yourself in that situation to begin with. A world without insulin as a diabetic would undoubtedly be extremely challenging, so the best thing anyone can do is prepare ahead of time and take precautionary measures. A few weeks ago, a contributor to The Survivalist Blog described a scenario in which he was talking to his doctor about the overwhelming cost of insulin. Much to his surprise, the doctor informed him that Walmart sells insulin over-the-counter without any questions asked for as little as $28. The doctor said that all he had to do was go to a Walmart pharmacy and ask for a vial of Novolin R insulin, a solution identical to the more expensive Humulin R, which costs roughly $150 per bottle. Better still, Walmart pharmacies that sell over-the-counter insulin allow consumers to purchase up to four vials at a time, providing diabetic preppers with an incredible opportunity to stock up in a relatively short amount of time. Many Walmart stores even sell other diabetic care products, such as syringes, meters and test strips, all of which are inexpensive and easy to purchase. The downside, however, is that not all states allow Walmart stores to sell insulin over-the-counter. People are encouraged to check online or visit their local Walmart shopping centers for more information. As with the purchase of any other medication, it is still important to know that what you are putting into your body is safe. Carmen Smith of Cleveland was another diabetic who eventually realized that she could purchase insulin from Walmart at a much lower cost and without a prescription. However, unlike the contributor for the Survivalist Blog, Smith didn’t have nearly as smooth an experience. Unsure of the correct dose, Smith used the amount a doctor had prescribed her years before. Describing what it was like when she didn’t get the dose of her insulin injections correct, she said, “It’s a quick high and then, it’s a down. The down part is, you feel icky. You feel lifeless. You feel pain. And the cramps are so intense — till you can’t walk, you can’t sit, you can’t stand.” She went on to say that because she was forced to guess how much insulin she should inject herself with, Smith had to visit the emergency room a number of times over the following years. Still, the fact that many Walmart stores sell non-prescription insulin is a little known fact that may very well help millions of diabetic preppers across the country. Sources: TheSurvivalistBlog.net NPR.org CDC.gov Previous :California just purchased a slew of facial recognition cameras to SPY on all citizens, 24 hours a day Join the Health Ranger's FREE email newsletter Get breaking news alerts on GMOs, fluoride, superfoods, natural cures and more... (Note: Avoid using gmail.com addresses, because Google deliberately censors this email newsletter to protect Big Pharma's profits.) Your privacy is protected. Unsubscribe at any time. | Learn more... More news on diabetes Diabetic prepper? This may be the most important article you ever read Sunscreen is KILLING people by blocking vitamin D production which prevents cancer, diabetes, kidney disorders and more If you’re diabetic, you need to think about stockpiling INSULIN before the next collapse… here’s how to get it legally in your state Vitamin D helps friendly bacteria repopulate the gut, making it the perfect campanion to probiotic supplements Destroy diabetes with a diet that encourages gut bacteria Quack scientists now claim global warming, not processed food, causes diabetes Keep your gut healthy with this amazing “super spice” STATINS WARNING: Cholesterol-lowering drug found to raise risk of diabetes by 50 percent in older women Fast food diets causing majority of stroke and diabetes deaths across U.S. Shocking data reveal that bad diets are responsible for 45% of heart disease, diabetes related deaths Disqus Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Take Action: Support Natural News by linking to this article from your website Permalink to this article: http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-05-15-diabetic-prepper-this-may-be-the-most-critical-article-you-ever-read.html Embed article link: (copy HTML code below): <a href="http://www.naturalnews.com/2017-05-15-diabetic-prepper-this-may-be-the-most-critical-article-you-ever-read.html">Diabetic prepper? This may be the most important article you ever read</a> Reprinting this article: Non-commercial use OK, cite NaturalNews.com with clickable link. Follow Natural News on Facebook, Twitter, Google Plus, and Pinterest Most Viewed Articles Today Week Month Year HELP NEEDED: Azure Organic Farm in Oregon about to be forcibly mass poisoned with glyphosate by the county government - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger SCIENCE: Horsetail herb prevents Alzheimer’s and dementia by removing toxic ALUMINUM from your body - NaturalNews.com Why you should think twice before calling an ambulance - NaturalNews.com The dirty truth about clean ears: Why you shouldn’t use cotton swabs in your ears - NaturalNews.com UK surgeries to remove “man boobs” up 400% as gender bender chemicals grow breasts on biological men - NaturalNews.com Barter will become the new economy after the global financial collapse, so make sure you have plenty of these items - NaturalNews.com Common painkillers such as ibuprofen and naproxen found to raise the risk of a heart attack within a week of use - NaturalNews.com Herbal medicine achieves stunning 100% cure rate for malaria after all pharmaceutical drugs left patients to DIE - NaturalNews.com Boston Herald calls for government-run execution squads to MASS MURDER naturopaths, scientists and journalists who oppose mercury in immunizations - NaturalNews.com Avoid these 17 chemicals to lower your risk of breast cancer BOSTON RALLY this Thursday to target the Boston Herald for stating that vaccine skeptics should all be “hanged to death” - NaturalNews.com VAPING found to be vastly safer than smoking cigarettes, yet the FDA ridiculously claims they pose identical risks to health - NaturalNews.com Broccoli extract found to dramatically reduce stroke damage to the brain … now Big Pharma wants to make a high-priced pill out of it - NaturalNews.com VAMPIRE facials the newest sick rage, as women have their facial skin injected with their own BLOOD - NaturalNews.com Shocking: Mothers are being denied painkillers and left to go hungry in hospitals - NaturalNews.com Mass die-off in the Pacific as hundreds of sharks wash up on the shores of San Francisco - NaturalNews.com The United Nations 2030 Agenda decoded: It's a blueprint for the global enslavement of humanity under the boot of corporate masters HPV vaccine causes shocking “aging-like” effect on teenager, making her feel like an 80-year-old - NaturalNews.com Boston Herald calls for government-run execution squads to MASS MURDER naturopaths, scientists and journalists who oppose mercury in immunizations - NaturalNews.com Federal government releases financial settlement figures for vaccine injuries, shattering media’s false claim that vaccines never harm anyone - NaturalNews.com HELP NEEDED: Azure Organic Farm in Oregon about to be forcibly mass poisoned with glyphosate by the county government - NaturalNews.com Barter will become the new economy after the global financial collapse, so make sure you have plenty of these items - NaturalNews.com Hanford nuclear site tunnel collapse leads to mass evacuation, “radiological contamination” and FAA air space ban - NaturalNews.com FDA-approved anti-seizure medication causes 90 percent of skin to “MELT OFF” a 26-year-old graduate student - NaturalNews.com Health Ranger SCIENCE: Horsetail herb prevents Alzheimer’s and dementia by removing toxic ALUMINUM from your body - NaturalNews.com TRUTH: What is really behind the measles outbreak among Somali-Americans in Minnesota? - NaturalNews.com How root canals lead to a diseased body and what you can do to about it Superbug FUNGUS now invading U.S. hospitals in NY and NJ … All pharma drugs useless (but they refuse to use oregano oil) - NaturalNews.com Carbon Dioxide revealed as the “Miracle Molecule of Life” for re-greening the planet - NaturalNews.com The dirty truth about clean ears: Why you shouldn’t use cotton swabs in your ears - NaturalNews.com These two spicy ingredients pack a powerful punch against cancer - NaturalNews.com Do your part and save the bees with these 10 easy-to-grow flowers - NaturalNews.com EMERGENCY Action Item: Join us in reporting Boston Herald journo-terrorists to the Boston FBI and Boston Police - NaturalNews.com Wireless devices – The unspoken truth - NaturalNews.com John Deere makes insane claim that farmers don’t own their tractors in bizarre twisted view of ownership - NaturalNews.com Stop an overactive bladder with these 7 herbs and supplements - NaturalNews.com Boston Herald calls for government-run execution squads to MASS MURDER naturopaths, scientists and journalists who oppose mercury in immunizations - NaturalNews.com Bill Nye goes FULL LUNATIC with vulgar transgender music video singing about “moist vagina” and how transgenderism is “evolution” - NaturalNews.com Top seven fuels that feed the cancer 'fire' and mutate more cells Federal government releases financial settlement figures for vaccine injuries, shattering media’s false claim that vaccines never harm anyone - NaturalNews.com Whooping cough outbreak strikes school with unvaccinated child... what happened next will never be reported by the CDC The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement Thousands damaged by shingles vaccine are trying to sue Merck - NaturalNews.com If you’re not using OPTICAL storage, all your data may be wiped out in a nuclear war, solar flare or EMP attack - NaturalNews.com Amazon wants to watch you get dressed: New “Echo Look” camera to spy on you in your own bedroom and bathroom - NaturalNews.com William Shatner targeted by vaccine bullies in vicious campaign to silence tweets about autism - NaturalNews.com HELP NEEDED: Azure Organic Farm in Oregon about to be forcibly mass poisoned with glyphosate by the county government - NaturalNews.com Did Google just surpass Monsanto as the world’s most EVIL corporation? - NaturalNews.com Fake science TV personality Bill Nye goes berserk when REAL scientist schools him on carbon dioxide - NaturalNews.com ‘Fake meat’ from Impossible Foods, backed by Bill Gates and Google, is loaded with GMOs and MSG … Is anyone surprised? - NaturalNews.com Carbon dioxide “pollutant” myth totally DEBUNKED in must-see science video - NaturalNews.com “VACCINE RAGE” phenomenon may explain global increase in anger, violence and insanity - NaturalNews.com Stunned researchers discover that the impact of walking dramatically boosts blood flow to the brain, boosting cognitive function - NaturalNews.com $1 trillion budget deal confirms America’s horrifying swamptopian future, hopelessly beyond the zenith of reform or reason - NaturalNews.com In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated - NaturalNews.com The best and worst forms of magnesium to take as a supplement The 8 Most Dangerous Medicines on Earth... are you taking any of these? Pepsi admits its soda contains cancer-causing ingredients Statin scam exposed: Cholesterol drugs cause rapid aging, brain damage and diabetes CONFIRMED: Cancer is entirely a man-made disease Top 9 vaccines you NEVER need and exactly why the CDC has to scare everybody into getting them Does green tea have caffeine? Seven things you need to know Hillary Clinton's health in rapid collapse... voters in shock after photos show her unable to walk up small flight of stairs Hexavalent chromium (chromium-6) was just found in 75% of drinking water... the mass chemical suicide of America is under way Top six alkaline foods to eat every day for vibrant health Chaos will erupt across America in less than 100 days... no matter who wins the election Testosterone cures cancer; doctors stunned at discovery - NaturalNews.com 12 easy ways to remove acid build-up from your body, alkalize your pH and beat disease CLAIM: Historic event to occur in the next six days that will end the rise of Trump and seize the future of America for totalitarian globalists And now the cover-up murders begin in Flint, Michigan: Water treatment plant foreman found dead... young mom murdered in her home after filing lawsuit against Michigan government 10 health benefits of cucumbers Hillary Clinton video: THE WALKING DEAD... collapses into security van... 'medical event'... diagnosed with 'vascular dementia' and Parkinson's... 'one year left to live' says doctor Popular on Facebook 16K Indian state will pay farmers to go 100% organic and GMO-free 12K Study: Manuka honey kills more bacteria than all available antibiotics 10K Washington Post goes “full treason” – fabricates entire story falsely claiming Trump won because of Russian hacks 8K US Court of Appeals: States and counties can ban GMO crops despite federal laws 6K The 7 most dangerous vaccines injected into humans and exactly why they cause more harm than good 6K Trump allowed Black homeless woman to live in Trump Tower for 8 years, rent free 4K In the 1930s, Adolf Hitler arrested and executed ‘fake news’ journalists who rightfully claimed that Jews were being exterminated 3K Facebook rolls out plans to push GMOs by labeling anti-GMO stories ‘fake’ news 3K Food companies hiding harmful high fructose corn syrup under new name 3K Standing Rock victory in North Dakota as US Army Corps of Engineers revokes pipeline permits 3K TREASON: Left-wing media attempting a “soft coup” in America by hyperventilating over self-contrived Russian conspiracy fabrication 3K Russian hack narrative revealed to be elaborate media hoax… email leaks actually came from Bernie Sanders insider 3K Facebook to become left-wing propaganda echo chamber with Orwellian plan to label independent journalism “fake” 3K Scam: No trace of Aloe Vera found in products at Walmart, CVS 2K Will President Trump dismantle dangerous vaccine mandates that harm children across America? 2K Medical scientists stunned as “magic mushroom” treatment found to heal mental illness… yet it remains illegal 2K Protesters at Dakota Pipeline have noticed unidentified crop dusters spraying chemicals over them late at night 2K Top doctors reveal that vaccines can trigger autoimmunity, turning our immune systems against us Advertise with NaturalNews... Health News Nuclear fallout concerns? Science pioneer Mike Adams was awarded a U.S. patent for a breakthrough invention that removes radioactive cesium-137 from your digestive tract (Newstarget.com) - 2 Hours Ago Diabetic prepper? This may be the most important article you ever read (Naturalnews.com) - 2 Hours Ago Researchers discover that strawberries can inhibit breast cancer in mice (Naturalnews.com) - 2 Hours Ago Vitamin A deficiency causes significant harm to blood stem cells... nutrients once again found crucial for prevention of disease (Naturalnews.com) - 2 Hours Ago Marijuana for your memory? Study suggests wonder drug can reverse memory loss in older people (Naturalnews.com) - 2 Hours Ago Herbal medicine achieves stunning 100% cure rate for malaria after all pharmaceutical drugs left patients to DIE (Naturalnews.com) - 2 Hours Ago Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... AlternativeNews.com The independent news source for free-thinking people GoodGopher.com Search for more articles like this one at GoodGopher.com - the search engine for news and information. Talk Radio without corporate collusion Now streaming: 28 amazing hosts like the Health Ranger, Robert Scott Bell and more Find the up-to-date news you're looking for at Fetch.News Find articles on today's most searched keywords & topics. Uncensored Health Videos Visit TV.NaturalNews.com for uncensored videos for a healthier and happier life Vaccine News Real-time Independent Media news on Vaccines GMO News Real-time Independent Media news on GMOs Support NaturalNews Sponsors: Advertise with NaturalNews... Read Archived NaturalNews Stories NaturalNews.com Natural News Toolbar Privacy Policy Terms of Use About Us Contact Us/Feedback Write for Natural News Media Information Advertise Information Follow Us Email Newsletter Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest YouTube Diaspora Seen RSS This site is part of the Natural News Network © 2016 All Rights Reserved. Privacy | Terms All content posted on this site is commentary or opinion and is protected under Free Speech. Truth Publishing International, LTD. is not responsible for content written by contributing authors. The information on this site is provided for educational and entertainment purposes only. It is not intended as a substitute for professional advice of any kind. Truth Publishing assumes no responsibility for the use or misuse of this material. Your use of this website indicates your agreement to these terms and those published here. All trademarks, registered trademarks and servicemarks mentioned on this site are the property of their respective owners. The War on Independent Media Has Begun A coordinated censorship attack is being waged against the entire independent media by Google, YouTube and Facebook. After we were banned by Google for nearly a week, now Facebook is deliberately blocking the sharing of our stories to further censor our important reporting for human freedom and medical choice. Soon, the only way we will be able to reach you is via email, and Google is sometimes blocking our email delivery to gmail users. Enter your email address below to subscribe to our email announcement list (but don't use gmail). Your privacy is protected and you can unsubscribe at any time. If you don't join our email list, you may never see our valuable content again via Facebook, Google or YouTube. CENSORSHIP has now reached EXTREME levels across the 'net. The truth is being suffocated. Subscribe now if you want to escape the delusional bubble of false reality being pushed by Google and Facebook. No thank you. Don't show this again. Already have it and love it! Once you click subscribe, we will send you an email asking you to confirm your free subscription.
Walmart settles $7.5 million in lawsuit for denying same-sex couples health benefits · PinkNews Enter your email address to receive our daily LGBT news roundup Sign up No thanks You're free to unsubscribe at any time. Follow @pinknews News News Home UK US World Trans Politics Education Law Religion Business Entertainment Trans Opinion Travel Life Life Home Health Sport About Advertise Contact Privacy RSS Search Home UK US World Current Affairs Entertainment Opinion Travel Features Trans US Walmart settles $7.5 million in lawsuit for denying same-sex couples health benefits Joseph Patrick McCormick, PinkNews 16th May 2017, 12:02 AM The money will be split in the class action lawsuit Walmart on Monday has had a $7.5 million settlement approved in a class action lawsuit alleging that same-sex couples were denied equal health benefits. The lawsuit was filed on behalf of a woman from New Bedford by GLAAD. It was based on the US Supreme Court ruling which extended marriage to same-sex couples across all 50 states, and an earlier ruling which extended spousal benefits to all couples. Jacqueline Cote had worked at Walmart for 15 years an initiated the lawsuit, but more than 300 other couples joined the suit making it class action. The plaintiffs will split $5.5 million between them, as attorneys’ fees will be deducted. US District Judge William G Young said the amount is fair for the lawsuit. “This was a carefully crafted and sensible resolution of a complex matter, and it reflects well on the parties from both sides,” Young said, speaking from the bench on Monday. Wal-Mart back in December agreed to pay out $7.5 million to settle the lawsuit. Employees complained that by failing to extend health insurance benefits to cover their partners, they were being discriminated against. Over a thousand current and former workers were affected by the policy which denied same-sex couples heath benefits between 2011 and 2013. The lawsuit was filed not long after same-sex marriage became legal across the US, in July 2015. Cote’s own wife had over $150,000 in bills fighting ovarian cancer, and so the lawsuit sought out reparations for before the policy was introduced. She said in a statement on Monday: “I’m pleased that Walmart was willing to resolve this issue for me and other associates who are married to someone of the same sex. It’s a relief to bring this chapter of my life to a close.” Sally Welborn, senior vice president for the company, said in a statement: “We’re happy both sides could come together to reach a resolution . . . We will continue to not distinguish between same and opposite sex spouses when it comes to the benefits we offer under our health insurance plan.” Walmart last year ditched a transphobic Halloween costume that was being sold via its online store. Ahead of Halloween the US supermarket giant was stocking a so-called ‘Tranny Granny’ costume via its online marketplace. 0 reader comments Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More like this Ellen surprised this hilarious teacher who pranked students with a RuPaul inspired spelling test Ellen DeGeneres just paid for an entire class of high school students to go to college (VIDEO) Walmart to pay out $7.5 million in lawsuit which denied gay couples equal health benefits Gerard Butler criticised for bizarre, ‘homophobic’ Halloween costume Walmart withdraws ‘appalling’ Tranny Granny Halloween costume More: supreme court same sex couples lawsuit GLAAD walmart health benefits class action Trending Trending Now Big Bang Theory's Jim Parsons marries George Michael's ex Fadi Fawaz disappears from Twitter after asking for forgiveness Harry Styles discusses his sexuality American Gods features Muslim characters in explicit gay sex scene Trending The Big Bang Theory’s Jim Parsons marries his long-term boyfriend George Michael’s boyfriend Fadi Fawaz disappears from Twitter after asking for forgiveness Harry Styles opens up about his sexuality American Gods features Muslim characters in explicit gay sex scene Latest stories This lawyer could become the first trans male judge in the US Singapore’s Pink Dot Pride rally forced to ban foreigners US Attorney General Jeff Sessions vows to ‘vindicate rights’ of hate crime victims Walmart settles $7.5 million in lawsuit for denying same-sex couples health benefits Check out these adorable pics from Big Bang Theory Jim Parsons’ wedding FA boss Greg Clarke says men’s football is two decades behind women’s game © 2017 PinkNews Terms Contact Advertise
continue to article News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Toggle navigation News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Health Care Education Weather Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Legal Notices    SPONSORED BY: Sports Utah Jazz RSL Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats Preps Grizzlies Bees Outdoors Winter Sports College Monson Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Blogs Politics UPIN The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Outdoors & Travel Sundance More Blogs Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoon Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Blog: State of the Debate Submit a Letter Faith Religion news LDS Church Faith Blog Entertainment Sundance Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Obituaries Jobs Top Employer Top Educator Top Jobs Employment News Employers Post A Job Contact Us    SPONSORED BY: Homes Find a Home Find a Realtor Rentals Legal Notices Top Workplaces Subscribe    Print New Subscription Register for e-Edition Access your e-Edition Print Registration Print Login    sltrib.com Membership Become a Supporting Member Premium Ad-Free Site Login Account Login Member FAQ Home » News Salt Lake City 57 ° Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER 2017 PULITZER PRIZE WINNER MAY 16, 2017 MAY 16, 2017 Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News MAY 16, 2017  |  Salt Lake City 57 °  |  Traffic / Ski Report Stories from last 36 hours Become a Member | Ad-Free Login Home » News Become a Member | Ad-Free Login $7.5M settlement approved in Wal-Mart same-sex benefits case The Associated Press First Published 6 hours ago    •    Updated 5 hours ago Share This Article Boston • A $7.5 million class action settlement between Wal-Mart and a former employee who challenged the retail chain's lack of health insurance benefits for her same-sex spouse was approved by a federal judge on Monday. The settlement will pay current and former Wal-Mart associates in the U.S. and Puerto Rico who say they were unable to obtain health insurance for their same-sex spouses from 2011 to 2013. About 380 claims have been submitted. U.S. District Judge William Young approved the settlement after a brief hearing in federal court in Boston. The lawsuit was filed in 2015 by Jacqueline Cote, a Wal-Mart associate from Massachusetts who said the company denied medical insurance for her wife. Bentonville, Ark.-based Wal-Mart Stores Inc. began offering benefits for same-sex spouses in 2014. VIDEOS TOP JOBS Cote, whose wife died of ovarian cancer in 2016, said she was pleased Wal-Mart was willing to resolve the issue for her and other associates who are married to someone of the same sex. "It's a relief to bring this chapter of my life to a close," she said. Wal-Mart's senior vice president for global benefits, Sally Welborn, said the company was happy to resolve the case.   Share This Article JOIN THE DISCUSSION     Post a Comment POPULAR STORIES News anchor Shauna Lake charged with DUI, 2 other misdemeanors Chaffetz: Trump's sharing of intel with Russia should be probed -- by House Intel panel Kirby: News anchor Shauna Lake's DUI arrest raises question for public: Have we no shame? Laurence Tribe: Trump must be impeached. Here's why. Kragthorpe: Utah, BYU appear headed for familiar finishes in 2017; USU should improve ELEVATE 8 inspection pitfalls to avoid when buying a home   An Insider’s Guide to Lava Hot Springs   Contests and Promotions COMMENTS VIEW/POST COMMENT      () News All Local News Search Last 36 hours Nation + World RSS Twitter Environment Politics Justice Polygamy Education Weather Traffic Utah's Right Elevate Empower Utah Cool Stuff The Legacy of Joe Hill I Love videos Whatever Happened To... Special Reports Videos Photo Galleries Utah Bucket List Preparing to play Sports All Sports Olympics TribPreps Utah Jazz Utah Utes BYU Cougars USU Aggies WSU Wildcats College RSL Grizzlies Bees Winter Sports Outdoors Gordon Monson Kurt Kragthorpe All-time BYU football stats All-time Utes football stats Money All Money Top Workplaces Home Prices Blogs All Blogs Politics The Cricket TV Jazz Notes U of U Sports BYU Sports Prep Sports RSL Hiking Sundance Opinion All Opinion Editorials Commentary Letters Bagley Cartoons Gehrke Rolly Cannon Kirby Submit a Letter Faith All Faith LDS Church Religion news Faith Blog Entertainment All Entertainment Calendar Film-Finder Movies Restaurants Lifestyle Arts Food Music TV Sundance Shopping Puzzles & Games Comics Horoscopes Membership Ad-Free Site Login Become a Member Account Login Member FAQ Obituaries Search Obituaries Place an Obituary Marketplace Search Cars Search Homes Search Jobs Search Marketplace Legal Notices Other Services Advertise With Us Subscribe to the Newspaper Access your e-Edition Frequently Asked Questions Contact a newsroom staff member Access the Trib Archives Privacy Policy Missing your paper? Need to place your paper on vacation hold? For this and any other subscription related needs, click here or call 801.204.6100 Copyright @ 2017, The Salt Lake Tribune
Abortion News Abortion Texas House Republicans Push Through Anti-Choice Bills Ahead of Deadline May 15, 2017 Teddy Wilson Trending on Abortion Nebraska Democrat With Anti-Choice Record Loses Mayoral Bid The Abortion Story I Didn’t Expect to Tell The Descent of Anti-Choice Radicals on Louisville Is a Preview of Protests to Come More on Abortion Contraception Analysis Religion Trump’s Recent Order Advances His Discrimination Agenda, Advocates Say May 11, 2017 Auditi Guha Trending on Contraception Trump’s ‘Coordinated Effort’ to Destroy Reproductive Health Care Judicial Announcements Show Conservatives Coming for Abortion Rights Trump’s Recent Order Advances His Discrimination Agenda, Advocates Say More on Contraception Economic Justice News Economic Justice Maine Governor Attacks Effort to Help Families in Poverty May 15, 2017 Nicole Knight Trending on Economic Justice With Health-Care Bill, GOP Forgets That People With Disabilities Vote Why We Must Not Forget Standing Rock Here’s How Republicans’ Health-Care Vote Has Already Changed Their Midterm Prospects More on Economic Justice Politics Roundups Law and Policy Gavel Drop: California, Texas in the Hot Seat for Voting Violations May 15, 2017 Imani Gandy & Jessica Mason Pieklo Trending on Politics What DOJ’s Rod Rosenstein Could Learn From the Man He Helped Fire What the New Health-Care Bill Means for Chronically Ill People Like Me and Our Families Meet the People Trumpcare Hurts the Most More on Politics Race Nnennaya Amuchie Commentary Family Why I’m Helping to Bail Out Black Mamas May 12, 2017 Trending on Race Why We Must Not Forget Standing Rock Where Trump’s Policies Sow Fear, New Campaign Argues, ‘Corporate Backers of Hate’ Stand to Profit It’s Time Democrats Change Their Stories About the Deficit More on Race Law and Policy Roundups Law and Policy Gavel Drop: California, Texas in the Hot Seat for Voting Violations May 15, 2017 Imani Gandy & Jessica Mason Pieklo Trending on Law and Policy Meet the People Trumpcare Hurts the Most With Health-Care Bill, GOP Forgets That People With Disabilities Vote The Abortion Story I Didn’t Expect to Tell More on Law and Policy LGBTQ Roundups Law and Policy Gavel Drop: California, Texas in the Hot Seat for Voting Violations May 15, 2017 Imani Gandy & Jessica Mason Pieklo Trending on LGBTQ Trump’s HHS Spokesperson Had a Blog Full of Transphobic Slurs Texas GOP Passes Bill Letting Adoption Agencies Discriminate Against LGBTQ People, Non-Christians Trump’s Recent Order Advances His Discrimination Agenda, Advocates Say More on LGBTQ Religion Analysis Religion Trump’s Recent Order Advances His Discrimination Agenda, Advocates Say May 11, 2017 Auditi Guha Trending on Religion Trump’s Recent Order Advances His Discrimination Agenda, Advocates Say ‘Our Patients Aren’t Stupid’: New Study Finds Mandatory Waiting Periods, Counseling Don’t Work as Intended Trump’s Religious Imposition Order Worse Than Advertised More on Religion Media Culture & Conversation Abortion How Anti-Choice Fake Clinics Leverage Technology to Trick People Out of Abortion Care May 12, 2017 Elizabeth Skoski Trending on Media How Anti-Choice Fake Clinics Leverage Technology to Trick People Out of Abortion Care For My Son When Love Is Not Enough The Future Looks Grim for School Desegregation, as a Recent Alabama Case Shows More on Media Sexual Health News Health Systems Meet the People Trumpcare Hurts the Most May 11, 2017 Nicole Knight Trending on Sexual Health Meet the People Trumpcare Hurts the Most Does Anyone Believe Oral Sex Is Risky Anymore? One in Six Women Will Lose Under GOP Health Policy More on Sexual Health Violence Jessica Mason Pieklo Commentary Law and Policy The Descent of Anti-Choice Radicals on Louisville Is a Preview of Protests to Come May 15, 2017 Trending on Violence Why We Must Not Forget Standing Rock The Descent of Anti-Choice Radicals on Louisville Is a Preview of Protests to Come Mamas Day Campaign Sends Love to Immigrant, Muslim Mothers More on Violence Human Rights Roundups Law and Policy Gavel Drop: California, Texas in the Hot Seat for Voting Violations May 15, 2017 Imani Gandy & Jessica Mason Pieklo Trending on Human Rights What the New Health-Care Bill Means for Chronically Ill People Like Me and Our Families With Health-Care Bill, GOP Forgets That People With Disabilities Vote Why We Must Not Forget Standing Rock More on Human Rights Science Analysis Environment Why We Must Not Forget Standing Rock May 8, 2017 Dr. Elizabeth Ellis Trending on Science Why We Must Not Forget Standing Rock Why the March for Science Matters to Reproductive Health, Rights, and Justice More on Science Sexuality Culture & Conversation Media A Q&A With Jose Antonio Vargas on His Film Festival, ‘An Act of Cultural Intervention’ May 10, 2017 Tina Vasquez Trending on Sexuality A Q&A With Jose Antonio Vargas on His Film Festival, ‘An Act of Cultural Intervention’ This Week in Sex: Turns Out Men and Women May Define Sexual Assault Differently With ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’ Series, There’s Fresh Terror in the Tweaks More on Sexuality Health Systems Roundups Law and Policy Gavel Drop: California, Texas in the Hot Seat for Voting Violations May 15, 2017 Imani Gandy & Jessica Mason Pieklo Trending on Health Systems What the New Health-Care Bill Means for Chronically Ill People Like Me and Our Families Meet the People Trumpcare Hurts the Most With Health-Care Bill, GOP Forgets That People With Disabilities Vote More on Health Systems Family Nnennaya Amuchie Commentary Family Why I’m Helping to Bail Out Black Mamas May 12, 2017 Trending on Family With Health-Care Bill, GOP Forgets That People With Disabilities Vote The Abortion Story I Didn’t Expect to Tell Mamas Day Campaign Sends Love to Immigrant, Muslim Mothers More on Family Maternity and Birthing Nnennaya Amuchie Commentary Family Why I’m Helping to Bail Out Black Mamas May 12, 2017 Trending on Maternity and Birthing Mamas Day Campaign Sends Love to Immigrant, Muslim Mothers Why I’m Helping to Bail Out Black Mamas The Ina May Gaskin Racial Gaffe Heard ‘Round the Midwifery World More on Maternity and Birthing Environment Roundups Environment On World Water Day, a Spotlight on U.S. Public Water Systems Mar 22, 2016 Kanya D’Almeida Trending on Environment Why We Must Not Forget Standing Rock Judicial Announcements Show Conservatives Coming for Abortion Rights Florida Residents Concerned About Possible Effects of Pipeline on Their Health More on Environment Sections Search Rewire Lawsuit: Walmart Discriminated Against Pregnant Workers May 16, 2017 Subscribe Donate Your Reading List Lawsuit: Walmart Discriminated Against Pregnant Workers One in Six Women Will Lose Under GOP Health Policy Author Jill Filipovic on the Radical Notion That Women Deserve Pleasure and Joy Search Rewire Go News Law and Policy Lawsuit: Walmart Discriminated Against Pregnant Workers May 15, 2017, 6:18pm Nicole Knight “Pregnancy discrimination is a huge problem that disproportionately affects low-wage workers, like those at Walmart," said Dina Bakst of A Better Balance. Facebook Twitter Email Permalink Instapaper Print Two female Walmart workers claim the company denied them pregnancy-related accommodations. Joe Raedle/Getty Images Trending Today This Week The Descent of Anti-Choice Radicals on Louisville Is a Preview of Protests to Come Betsy DeVos’ Choice of New Hires Suggests She’ll Keep Her School Privatization Promises Gavel Drop: California, Texas in the Hot Seat for Voting Violations What DOJ’s Rod Rosenstein Could Learn From the Man He Helped Fire How Anti-Choice Fake Clinics Leverage Technology to Trick People Out of Abortion Care We Must Unite Against the Threat to Democracy James Comey’s Firing Represents Illinois Governor’s Abortion ‘Flip-Flop’ Blocks Abortion Funding Where Trump’s Policies Sow Fear, New Campaign Argues, ‘Corporate Backers of Hate’ Stand to Profit What DOJ’s Rod Rosenstein Could Learn From the Man He Helped Fire What the New Health-Care Bill Means for Chronically Ill People Like Me and Our Families Meet the People Trumpcare Hurts the Most Nebraska Democrat With Anti-Choice Record Loses Mayoral Bid With Health-Care Bill, GOP Forgets That People With Disabilities Vote The Abortion Story I Didn’t Expect to Tell Why We Must Not Forget Standing Rock The Descent of Anti-Choice Radicals on Louisville Is a Preview of Protests to Come False Witnesses Abortion is among the safest medical procedures in the United States. Yet, myths about its safety abound. False Witnesses reveals the individuals behind these lies. Two former Walmart employees last week filed a class action lawsuit in federal court, claiming the retail giant discriminated against them and thousands of pregnant workers by failing to provide on-the-job accommodations. The lawsuit alleges that while the $231 billion company makes on-the-job accommodations to many non-pregnant workers, Walmart fails to accommodate pregnant workers. Walmart’s policies and practices, according to the 25-page complaint, amount to “intentional discrimination.” Walmart employs nearly 1.2 million people in the United States, 784,000 of whom are women, according to the complaint and a 2015 company report. The suit was brought by two former Walmart workers who became pregnant while employed at Walmart stores in Illinois and Florida. Both workers filed discrimination complaints against Walmart with the federal Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC) and state agencies, according to the complaint. Appreciate our work? Rewire is a non-profit independent media publication. Your tax-deductible contribution helps support our research, reporting, and analysis. DONATE NOW Otisha Woolbright, a former bakery and deli clerk in Florida, claims she was terminated because of her pregnancy and need for pregnancy-related accommodations, according to the complaint. Woolbright told her supervisor her doctor had said to avoid any heavy lifting. Woolbright claims her supervisor told her she had seen a pregnant Demi Moore do a somersault on television, and pregnancy was therefore “no excuse.” It wasn’t until Woolbright went to the hospital after lifting a 35-pound tray of rotisserie chickens that the company allowed her to do sedentary work, according to the complaint. She was later let go after asking about pregnancy leave. While working at an Illinois Walmart, Talisa Borders was refused pregnancy accommodations when she showed her employer a doctor’s note saying she could not lift more than 25 pounds or climb ladders, according to the complaint. Borders claims a Walmart human resources training coordinator, who reviewed her request for accommodations, forced Borders to take more than two months of unpaid leave, rather than accommodate her pregnancy. When Borders returned to work after having a baby, she was assigned a job that paid $8.85 per hour—$2 less than her previous job in Walmart’s Pharmacy Department, the complaint alleges. Walmart spokesman Randy Hargrove said the company’s policies have always fully met or exceeded state and federal law, and its anti-discrimination policy offers more protection than the law requires. “That policy has long listed pregnancy as a protected status,” Hargrove, senior director of national media relations, said in an email to Rewire. “We deny the claims of Ms. Borders and Ms. Woolbright and plan to defend the company.” Walmart revised its written policy in 2014 to offer accommodations for temporary disabilities caused by pregnancy. But it did so only after pregnant workers filed a complaint with the EEOC alleging the company’s policy amounted to pregnancy discrimination, as Rewire reported. Attorneys who brought the suit said Walmart’s policies and practices continue to force pregnant people to choose between a job and a pregnancy. “In 2017, it’s incredible that major companies like Walmart are discriminating against pregnant women—who are simply asking to keep on working and have a healthy pregnancy,” said Dina Bakst, co-president of A Better Balance, one of the groups that filed the complaint. “Pregnancy discrimination is a huge problem that disproportionately affects low-wage workers, like those at Walmart.” Walmart has prevailed in class-action decisions, showing it’s difficult to hold corporations accountable in these types of cases, as Rewire reported. The U.S. Supreme Court in Wal-Mart v. Dukes revoked the class-action certification of female Walmart workers, who alleged the retailer engaged in unlawful discrimination in pay and promotions. The Court found the women didn’t have enough to hold them in common in their claims against Walmart. Related Articles Analysis Violence One in Six Women Will Lose Under GOP Health Policy May 5, 4:05pm Delia Harrington Culture & Conversation Human Rights Author Jill Filipovic on the Radical Notion That Women Deserve Pleasure and Joy May 4, 9:44am Eleanor J. Bader Analysis Human Rights Trump Administration Is Jeopardizing the Health of Undocumented Women Apr 14, 1:14pm Tina Vasquez Analysis Law and Policy Republicans Prep Regulatory War on Women’s Health-Care Benefits Apr 5, 9:21am Christine Grimaldi Load More Abortion Contraception Economic Justice Environment Family Family Planning Health Systems Human Rights Law and Policy LGBTQ Maternity and Birthing Media Politics Race Religion Science Sexual Health Sexuality Violence False Witnesses State of Abortion Tracking Texas Abortion Access Legislative Tracker Laws Cases States Topics Multimedia Videos Podcasts Photos About Us About Rewire Staff Contributors Contact Us RSS Subscribe Jobs Pitching Guidelines Rewire Facebook Twitter Tumblr © 2017 Rewire. All rights reserved. Subscribe Donate Front page Sections Editorial News Commentary Analysis Investigations Culture & Conversation ABLC Blog Roundups Legislative Tracker Cases Laws Organizations People States Topics Multimedia Podcasts Videos Photos About Us About Rewire Staff Contributors Contact Us RSS Subscribe Jobs Pitching Guidelines False Witnesses State of Abortion Tracking Texas Abortion Access Facebook Twitter Tumblr Topics Abortion Contraception Economic Justice Politics Race Law and Policy LGBTQ Religion Media Sexual Health Violence Human Rights Science Family Planning Sexuality Health Systems Family Maternity and Birthing Environment Fight alternative facts by supporting free, independent press like Rewire. I'M IN Thank you for reading Rewire!
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: lacrossetribune.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $12.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Nation/world Wisconsin Minnesota Iowa Business Sports Area high schools Area colleges La Crosse Loggers Auto racing Badgers Outdoors Scoreboard Weather Opinion Letters to the editor Submit a letter Obituaries Calendar of events Entertainment Puzzles & Games Dining People Lifestyles Advice Health Home & garden Food Travel Celebrations Submit a Celebration Anniversaries Births Birthdays Congratulations Engagements Misc Thank You Weddings River Valley Media Group Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News e-Edition Buy & Sell Business Directory Car Soup Real estate Jobs Classifieds Place an Ad Jobs Weekly Ads Activate your subscription Contact Us Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 70° La Crosse, WI (54601) Today Scattered thunderstorms in the morning, then partly cloudy and windy late. High 88F. Winds S at 20 to 30 mph. Chance of rain 40%.. Tonight Scattered thunderstorms in the evening, then mainly cloudy overnight with thunderstorms likely. Low 66F. Winds S at 10 to 20 mph. Chance of rain 80%. Updated: May 15, 2017 @ 7:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Obituaries Opinion Buy & Sell AP Chinese customers can now order from US Sam's Club stores By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer 6 hrs ago 0 NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart is letting online customers in China order from its Sam's Club stores in the U.S. for the first time to cater to China's increasingly affluent, well-traveled shoppers. It's Wal-Mart's latest attempt to boost growth in China since it sold its online business in the country to JD, China's No. 2 e-commerce site, in June 2016. The U.S. retailer has a 12 percent stake in JD and hopes working with the homegrown company will boost its performance in China. Getting China right is key to bolstering Wal-Mart's global online business. About 200 products from Sam's Clubs stores will initially be available for Sam's Club customers in China to order online via JD's website, expanding to 700 this year, says Rebecca Lui, a Wal-Mart spokeswoman. The company is focusing on personal care, baby supplies and nutritional supplies that are mostly not available in China. Products for sale include Aveeno moisturizers and Waterpik Ultra and Cordless Plus Water Flossers. Sam's Club has sold products on JD.com since October 2016, drawn from the stock in its 15 physical stores in China. Wal-Mart itself also operates more than 400 stores in China. The company is also tweaking its partnership with JD's delivery service, Daojia, to guarantee one-hour delivery, down from two hours, and expanding the number of stores where delivery is available. It expects to reach 180 stores this year. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! LaCrosseTribune.com Daily Headlines Obituaries I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business × Post a comment as Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching View (0) comments (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. POPULAR IN THIS SECTION Demand peaks for mushroom buyer in La Crescent Steve Cahalan: La Crosse egg roll business to open in early June 'King Arthur' flops, 'Guardians 2' still rules at box office Learjet crashes short of runway, killing 2 crew members Study: Tanglewood generates $103M economic impact Dow Jones Industrial Average Value Over Time | FindTheCompany Nasdaq Composite Index Value Over Time | FindTheCompany S&P 500 Value Over Time | FindTheCompany News and Features Obituaries Business Entertainment Lifestyles News Opinion Sports River Valley Business Report Online Features Buy & Sell Advertise with Us Buy & Sell CarSoup.com Real estate Jobs Classifieds Celebrations Shop Local Businesses La Crosse Restaurants and Dining Guide Bike Trail Guide River Valley Media Group La Crosse Tribune Onalaska Holmen Courier-Life Coulee News Houston County News Vernon County Broadcaster Westby Times Tomah Journal Jackson County Chronicle Winona Daily News Chippewa Herald Dunn County News Print and digital advertising © Copyright 2017 La Crosse Tribune, 401 N. Third Street La Crosse, WI | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Advertise with Us www.RVMG.biz
null
News Sports Business Food 75° Full Menu 75° Home Customer Service Customer Service Newsletters Obituaries News All News Local news Crime Politics The Buzz C. W. Gusewelle Nation & World 913 816 North Homicide KC Community Faces Mary Sanchez Eyewitness Weird News Video Photos Sports All Sports Chiefs Royals Royals photos Sporting KC FC Kansas City Kansas Missouri K-State High School Scores & Stats NASCAR Outdoors NBA Buy Tickets Blogs & Columns K Zone Judging the Royals Red Zone The Full 90 Campus Corner For Pete's Sake Sam Mellinger Vahe Gregorian Politics Politics Elections Opinion All Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Colleen Nelson Derek Donovan Dave Helling Melinda Henneberger Steve Kraske Mary Sanchez Steve Rose Guest commentary Syndicated columnists Submit a Letter Entertainment Entertainment Ink Events Arts & Culture Music Back to Rockville Comics Stargazing Puzzles & Games Movies Horoscopes Arts TV Restaurants Books Star TV listings Business All Business Cityscape Development Workplace Personal Finance National/International Technology Kids & Money Project: Downtown KC's revival Living All Living Chow Town Eat & Drink House & Home Jenee Osterheldt KC Gardens Advice columns Faith Travel Family Apps & Mobile True Blue app Red Zone Extra Star news apps Extra Time KC E-Star Shopping Cars Contests Jobs Moonlighting Homes All Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Spaces KC KC Weddings Contact us National & International May 15, 2017 7:04 PM Chinese customers can now order from US Sam's Club stores By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story NEW YORK Wal-Mart is letting online customers in China order from its Sam's Club stores in the U.S. for the first time to cater to China's increasingly affluent, well-traveled shoppers. It's Wal-Mart's latest attempt to boost growth in China since it sold its online business in the country to JD, China's No. 2 e-commerce site, in June 2016. The U.S. retailer has a 12 percent stake in JD and hopes working with the homegrown company will boost its performance in China. Getting China right is key to bolstering Wal-Mart's global online business. About 200 products from Sam's Clubs stores will initially be available for Sam's Club customers in China to order online via JD's website, expanding to 700 this year, says Rebecca Lui, a Wal-Mart spokeswoman. The company is focusing on personal care, baby supplies and nutritional supplies that are mostly not available in China. Products for sale include Aveeno moisturizers and Waterpik Ultra and Cordless Plus Water Flossers. Sam's Club has sold products on JD.com since October 2016, drawn from the stock in its 15 physical stores in China. Wal-Mart itself also operates more than 400 stores in China. The company is also tweaking its partnership with JD's delivery service, Daojia, to guarantee one-hour delivery, down from two hours, and expanding the number of stores where delivery is available. It expects to reach 180 stores this year. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email 2 months ago ‘Brexit’: Deal, or no deal? 3:25 2 months ago ‘Brexit’: Deal, or no deal? 1:59 2 months ago Justice Department accuses Russian spies of Yahoo hack 1:16 4 hours ago 'Precious Doe' Birthday Party View More Video National & International The Latest: Cyberattack hits schools, hospital in Taiwan AP Interview: Expert who beat cyberattack says he's no hero Chinese stocks fall on weak data; other Asian markets rise Vietnam arrests activist who led protest against polluter Greek seamen and journalists go on strike National & International Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Home Delivery E-Star Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us Newspapers in Education Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Mobile apps and E-Star Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Advertising information Print Digital Place a Classified Local Deals Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
News Sports Entertainment Classifieds 71° Full Menu 71° Home Customer Service Customer Service Subscribe Activate Your Account Account Support E-Edition Mobile Apps Newsletters The Sun News Store FAQ Cancel SunValues Delivery Tourism Site Plan All Tourist Info Vacation Planner Calendar Where to Stay Ask a Local Festivals Guide Best of the Area Play Nightlife Golf Shopping Shows Myrtle Beach Blog Restaurants Obituaries News All News Local News Crime/Courts Business State News Nation/World Weird News More News Politics Neighbors Myrtle Beach Bike Rallies Submit A News Tip Issac Bailey Tourism News Real Estate News Sports All Sports High Schools Coastal Carolina Recreation Golf MB Pelicans Auto Racing More Sports College Sports NFL MLB MB Marathon Toast Of The Coast Green Reading Blog The Roost Blog Politics Politics Opinion All Opinion Letters To The Editor Submit A Letter Editorial Cartoons Columns & Blogs A Different World Celia Rivenbark Bob Bestler The Editor's Desk Living All Living Coasting Neighbors Food Best Of The Beach Announcements Religion Travel Pets Home & Garden Entertainment All Entertainment Kicks! Best Of The Beach Movies Calendar Contests More Entertainment Comics Puzzles & Games Horoscopes Celebrities Music TV Surge Legals Cars Jobs Moonlighting Homes Classifieds Classified Ads Shopping About Us National Business May 15, 2017 8:04 PM Chinese customers can now order from US Sam's Club stores By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO AP Retail Writer LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story NEW YORK Wal-Mart is letting online customers in China order from its Sam's Club stores in the U.S. for the first time to cater to China's increasingly affluent, well-traveled shoppers. It's Wal-Mart's latest attempt to boost growth in China since it sold its online business in the country to JD, China's No. 2 e-commerce site, in June 2016. The U.S. retailer has a 12 percent stake in JD and hopes working with the homegrown company will boost its performance in China. Getting China right is key to bolstering Wal-Mart's global online business. About 200 products from Sam's Clubs stores will initially be available for Sam's Club customers in China to order online via JD's website, expanding to 700 this year, says Rebecca Lui, a Wal-Mart spokeswoman. The company is focusing on personal care, baby supplies and nutritional supplies that are mostly not available in China. Products for sale include Aveeno moisturizers and Waterpik Ultra and Cordless Plus Water Flossers. Sam's Club has sold products on JD.com since October 2016, drawn from the stock in its 15 physical stores in China. Wal-Mart itself also operates more than 400 stores in China. The company is also tweaking its partnership with JD's delivery service, Daojia, to guarantee one-hour delivery, down from two hours, and expanding the number of stores where delivery is available. It expects to reach 180 stores this year. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:11 a year ago Free credit scores and credit monitoring: a cautionary tale 1:35 12 hours ago These dunes aren't for playing 1:03 5 hours ago Myrtle Beach weather forecast for 5.16 View More Video National Business Chinese stocks fall on weak data; other Asian markets rise Vietnam arrests activist who led protest against polluter Greek seamen and journalists go on strike Wisconsin Elections Commission staffing levels up for vote How AP collected, parsed data on China's investor immigrants National Business Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions e-Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us FAQ RSS Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter YouTube Mobile Apps & E Reader Text Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Advertise Rates Contests & Promotions Shopping Local Deals More Copyright Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Business Chinese customers can now order from US Sam’s Club stores Originally published May 15, 2017 at 5:02 pm Share story By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO The Associated Press NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart is letting online customers in China order from its Sam’s Club stores in the U.S. for the first time to cater to China’s increasingly affluent, well-traveled shoppers. It’s Wal-Mart’s latest attempt to boost growth in China since it sold its online business in the country to JD, China’s No. 2 e-commerce site, in June 2016. The U.S. retailer has a 12 percent stake in JD and hopes working with the homegrown company will boost its performance in China. Getting China right is key to bolstering Wal-Mart’s global online business. About 200 products from Sam’s Clubs stores will initially be available for Sam’s Club customers in China to order online via JD’s website, expanding to 700 this year, says Rebecca Lui, a Wal-Mart spokeswoman. The company is focusing on personal care, baby supplies and nutritional supplies that are mostly not available in China. Products for sale include Aveeno moisturizers and Waterpik Ultra and Cordless Plus Water Flossers. Sam’s Club has sold products on JD.com since October 2016, drawn from the stock in its 15 physical stores in China. Most Read Stories 'Love and Trouble': Claire Dederer's midlife take on sex and self-perception | Nicole & Co. U2 at CenturyLink: Political, passionate, larger than life  VIEW Sinclair requires stations, including KOMO, to air segments tilting to the right Receiver Kenny Lawler a standout as Seahawks conclude rookie mini-camp Pioneer Square's F.X. McRory's is movingUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Wal-Mart itself also operates more than 400 stores in China. The company is also tweaking its partnership with JD’s delivery service, Daojia, to guarantee one-hour delivery, down from two hours, and expanding the number of stores where delivery is available. It expects to reach 180 stores this year. ANNE D'INNOCENZIO Next Story U.S. firms hope for piece of China’s global building spree Previous Story As their clout wanes, Saudi Arabia and Russia extend oil production cuts Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DATA Act: What agencies need to know•Civil service reform•Air Force cutting IT costs Headlines Get Email Alerts Online Chat Register for access to the transcript of our online chat with Col. Brandon Pearce, NGA's chief information security officer. Business News Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Chinese customers can now… Chinese customers can now order from US Sam’s Club stores By ANNE D'INNOCENZIO May 15, 2017 8:00 pm 1 min read Share NEW YORK (AP) — Wal-Mart is letting online customers in China order from its Sam’s Club stores in the U.S. for the first time to cater to China’s increasingly affluent, well-traveled shoppers. It’s Wal-Mart’s latest attempt to boost growth in China since it sold its online business in the country to JD, China’s No. 2 e-commerce site, in June 2016. The U.S. retailer has a 12 percent stake in JD and hopes working with the homegrown company will boost its performance in China. Getting China right is key to bolstering Wal-Mart’s global online business. About 200 products from Sam’s Clubs stores will initially be available for Sam’s Club customers in China to order online via JD’s website, expanding to 700 this year, says Rebecca Lui, a Wal-Mart spokeswoman. The company is focusing on personal care, baby supplies and nutritional supplies that are mostly not available in China. Products for sale include Aveeno moisturizers and Waterpik Ultra and Cordless Plus Water Flossers. Sam’s Club has sold products on JD.com since October 2016, drawn from the stock in its 15 physical stores in China. Download our Expert Edition e-book, Cyber: Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation. Advertisement Wal-Mart itself also operates more than 400 stores in China. The company is also tweaking its partnership with JD’s delivery service, Daojia, to guarantee one-hour delivery, down from two hours, and expanding the number of stores where delivery is available. It expects to reach 180 stores this year. Related Topics All News Business News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Business News » Chinese customers can now… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1800: Washington, D.C. made official capital of United States Fed Photo of the Day Nuclear Regulatory Commission scientist crowned Miss USA Top Stories Air Force asks airmen to help revitalize squadrons Top Story Civil service reform at top of the agenda for Senate subcommittee this year Workforce USDA reorg plan spares major cuts despite Trump budget proposal Workforce Good gov’t groups ask House committee to rescind recent FOIA guidance to Treasury Congress Obituary: NSF CIO Amy Northcutt Reporter's Notebook THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 15, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.8819 0.0217 2.24% L 2020 25.5183 0.0534 3.69% L 2030 28.4667 0.0912 5.24% L 2040 30.6687 0.1148 6.00% L 2050 17.5953 0.0748 6.69% G Fund 15.3203 0.0029 0.78% F Fund 17.7544 0.0019 1.75% C Fund 33.3771 0.1625 7.16% S Fund 43.2694 0.3181 5.78% I Fund 27.8087 0.1143 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product Wal-Mart’s first quarter net income expected to dip despite slightly higher revenue Arkansas 4Q GDP growth in 2016 only 0.5%, full-year GDP sees major downward revision Iowa food company acquires Decatur-based Crystal Lake Farms for $3.5 million Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 Arkansas Bar Association to discuss potential constitutional amendment on justice system, ethics, vetoes and legislative power Reshoring groups says ‘tide has turned,’ more manufacturing jobs returning than leaving U.S. Talk Business & Politics, KATV renew multi-year television partnership Gov. Asa Hutchinson and other national lawmakers petition federal government for flood-related agricultural aid Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product Wal-Mart sued for discriminating against pregnant workers, retailer denies claims Iowa food company acquires Decatur-based Crystal Lake Farms for $3.5 million Video / Podcasts These ‘Mom-Senators’ worked for women’s issues in the recent session Sen. Boozman: ‘Content’ that Intelligence Committees can handle Trump investigation in wake of Comey firing TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics TB&P Daily: John Brummett on French elections, the Trump factor, state and federal healthcare and judicial impeachment Governor says healthcare needs more personal responsibility; clemency request to be reviewed this week Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas trucking companies will have a better fleet registration system by Jan. 1 J.B. Hunt announces promotion of Shelley Simpson ATRI report says truck drivers sacrifice an hour of driving time for parking The Supply Side: Omnichannel success takes more than online shopping Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart’s first quarter net income expected to dip despite slightly higher revenue BusinessFinanceLatest News by Kim Souza (ksouza@talkbusiness.net) 8 hours ago 18 views  Tags: Wal-Mart Stores 0 SHARES Share Tweet Last week’s earnings reports from department stores Macy’s, J.C. Penney and Kohl’s were not good. Analysts say that trend could change this week with quarterly reports from Wal-Mart Stores, Home Depot and Target. Home Depot reports before the market opens on Tuesday (May 16). The big box building giant is expected to earn $1.61 per share, up 11% from a year ago. Revenue is expected to jump 4.2% to $23.72 billion for the quarter. Wal-Mart and Target are expected to report lower profits, though Wal-Mart is looking for positive same-store comps and slightly higher revenue when it reports early Thursday (May 19). Analysts said one thing Home Depot, Wal-Mart and Target have in common is their growing e-commerce businesses, which is an important key to long-term viability in the competitive retail space. Wal-Mart’s e-commerce sales are still just about 3% of the total revenue, at Home Depot it’s nearly 6% of sales and at Target it’s just under 4%. Target reports Wednesday morning (May 17) with Wall Street consensus at 91 cents a share, compared to $1.29 a year ago with revenue falling 3.5%. WAL-MART PREVIEW Wall Street expects Wal-Mart to report a respectable first quarter with net income around $2.93 billion, down 4% from the same period a year ago. The lower profits come as the retail giant continues to invest in its e-commerce business, including three acquisitions thus far this year. Wal-Mart is expected to see same-store sale growth between 1% and 1.5% in its U.S. stores which would make the 11th consecutive quarter for positive comp sales. Traffic has been up 10 straight quarters and analysts expect to see slightly positive traffic comps for Wal-Mart U.S. and Sam’s Club for the first quarter. Net revenue is expected to grow 1.6% to $117.77 billion for the quarter ending May 1. Analysts are mixed with their ratings on the stock. Nine rank the stock a “buy” and 18 see it as a “hold” given the ecommerce investments made at the expense of income. Four other analysts rate the stock a “sell,” saying they don’t have the patience to wait out the retailer’s long-term play. Wal-Mart’s own guidance for the quarter ranges from 90 cents to $1 per share, reduced from 96 cents a share during last quarter’s earnings announcement. BULLISH BET, RETAIL SALES NATIONWIDE Budd Bugatch, an analyst with Raymond James & Associates, continues to lead the bulls favoring Wal-Mart stock. His earnings estimates are at the high end of the range at 97 cents per share with a target price of $80, and a “buy” recommendation. Bugatch admits that Wal-Mart’s lack of near-term earnings growth stretches his valuation but he believes management’s actions will continue to drive traffic and comp-store sales growth in the coming quarters. “I believe the risk to reward is still favorable,” he said. Wal-Mart shares (NYSE: WMT) closed Monday at $76.29, up 58 cents. Wal-Mart shares are up 10.48% year-to-date. The low point year-to-date was $65.66 on Jan. 27 and shares peaked at $76.72 on May 19. Craig Bowles, with Selerity Inc., said Wal-Mart’s online efforts continue and that is keeping analysts interested. He also said Wal-Mart has beaten analysts consensus over the past four quarters by an average of 5 cents. Daniel Binder, an analyst with Jefferies, believes sales momentum likely continued for Wal-Mart in the first quarter driven mostly by better store execution, lower prices and continued improvement in e-commerce. He recently said in a note to investors that Wal-Mart has put more resources toward its food and consumable and apparel divisions, with the company also hoping to maintain good margins with its competitively low prices. Retail sales as reported by the U.S. Department of Commerce show a mixed bag for retailers. April sales growth was led by online and other non-store retailers, electronics stores, and building materials and supplies. On a three-month moving average, retail sales have grown 2.6% year-over-year, according to the National Retail Federation. “While the interplay between consumer confidence and spending is difficult to gauge, retail sales trends and recent consumer sentiment readings are consistent with a pickup in the pace of the economy in the coming months,” said NRF chief economist Jack Kleinhenz. “The housing recovery has been an important variable in consumers’ willingness to spend. Low retail price inflation has continued, drawing in shoppers but providing heartburn to the bottom line for many retailers.” Comments comments Previous post Arkansas 4Q GDP growth in 2016 only 0.5%, full-year GDP sees major downward revision Next post The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws Robert Coon In defense of Goldilocks Todd Turner Deceptive Trade Practices Act changes will harm Arkansas consumers Megan Hargraves Changes to Deceptive Trade Practices Act will make Arkansas more business-friendly Micah Whitfield Reviewing the ‘bargain branding’ rules Latest Popular Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 5 hours ago The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product 7 hours ago Wal-Mart’s first quarter net income expected to dip despite slightly higher revenue 8 hours ago Arkansas 4Q GDP growth in 2016 only 0.5%, full-year GDP sees major downward revision 9 hours ago Wal-Mart sued for discriminating against pregnant workers, retailer denies claims 9 hours ago Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws 1,811 views XNA responds to passenger growth with $35 million parking deck 1,694 views Fort Smith city boss refuses to provide reason for sanitation director’s termination 1,576 views Fort Smith sanitation director fired by city administrator 1,517 views Fort Smith costs to dispose of recycling at landfill continue to climb, new estimate above $680,000 1,389 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Jacqueline Cote & Walmart Announce Final Class Settlement Over Health Insurance Benefits for Same-Sex Spouses of Walmart Associates BOSTON, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ — The following release is sourced to Outten & Golden LLP: A federal judge today approved the $7.5 million class action settlement between Walmart and former Walmart associate Jacqueline Cote, that challenged Walmart’s lack of health insurance benefits for same-sex spouses of Walmart associates prior to 2014. The case is known as Jacqueline Cote v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc, No. 15-cv-12945-WGY (D. Mass). The settlement will pay for claims by Walmart associates in the United States and Puerto Rico that they were unable to obtain health insurance coverage for their same-sex spouses from Walmart from Jan. 1, 2011 to Dec. 31, 2013. It also covers the costs of administering the settlement and legal fees and expenses. In 2014, Walmart voluntarily made the same health insurance benefits available to same-sex spouses of its associates that it offered to opposite-sex spouses. As part of the proposed settlement, Walmart commits to continuing to do so in the future. The settlement class is expected to include no more than a few thousand current and former Walmart associates. Walmart employs nearly 1.5 million associates in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. Sally Welborn, Senior Vice President, Global Benefits for Walmart, said, „We’re happy both sides could come together to reach a resolution. Respect for the individual, diversity and inclusion are among the core values that made Walmart into the company that it is today. We will continue to not distinguish between same and opposite sex spouses when it comes to the benefits we offer under our health insurance plan.” Cote said, „I’m pleased that Walmart was willing to resolve this issue for me and other associates who are married to someone of the same sex. It’s a relief to bring this chapter of my life to a close.” Cote is represented by GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders (GLAD), Outten & Golden LLP, the Washington Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights & Urban Affairs (WLC), and Arnold & Porter Kaye Scholer LLP. Janson Wu, GLAD’s Executive Director, said, „This is an important settlement for LGBTQ workers.” Juno Turner, a Partner at Outten & Golden LLP, said, „We are pleased that class members had the opportunity to receive compensation.” Peter Romer-Friedman, a Counsel at Outten & Golden LLP, said, „We are glad that as part of the settlement Walmart will continue to provide the same health insurance benefits regardless of the gender of the associate’s spouse.” Jonathan Smith, the WLC’s Executive Director, said, „We believe the settlement is fair and reasonable and are pleased that the Court approved it today. We are pleased to have worked with our colleagues at GLAD, Outten & Golden, and Arnold & Porter Kaye Scholer to achieve this settlement.” Media contacts for Plaintiff: Carisa Cunningham, GLAD, (617) 447-6500; Georgia Willett, Outten & Golden LLP, (212) 245-1000; Erin Powers, Powers MediaWorks LLC for Outten & Golden LLP, (281) 703-6000. Contact for Walmart: Randy Hargrove, (800) 331-0085. Contacts for Plaintiff and her attorneys: Gary Buseck and Allison Wright, GLAD, (617) 426-1350; Juno Turner and Peter Romer-Friedman, Outten & Golden LLP, (212) 245-1000; Matthew Handley, Washington Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights & Urban Affairs (202) 319-1000 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/jacqueline-cote–walmart-announce-final-class-settlement-over-health-insurance-benefits-for-same-sex-spouses-of-walmart-associates-300457956.html SOURCE Outten & Golden LLP Related Links http://www.outtengolden.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsLegal Issues Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Market Survey on Automotive Temperature Sensor Market 2017 and Analysis to 2027 Next PostNext Year-Round Flu Vaccinations Promote Healthier Infants in Subtropics Search Recent Posts JBaileyStudio.com Offers Promotional and Marketing Services Free of Charge Blue Diamond Resorts anuncia la Inauguración de la Semana del Orgullo Caribeño, del 16 al 23 de septiembre, en CHIC Punta Cana Vintage Trailer Camping on Alta Colina Vineyard: The Ultimate Paso Robles Wine Experience Citizens, Inc. Creates New Chief Accounting Officer Role Global Propylene Glycol Market Forecasts 2017-2021: Growing Opportunities in Emerging Economies Such as China and India – Research and Markets RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In SUBSCRIBE NOW Get unlimited access to Globe.com today Menu SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro SubscribeStarting at 99 cents MembersSign In Metro Sports Business & Tech Opinion Politics Lifestyle Arts Cars Real Estate Most popular on bostonglobe.com Based on what you've read recently, you might be interested in theses stories Finding Lisa: a story of murders, mysteries, loss, and, incredibly, new life Celtics knock out Wizards in Game 7 to advance to conference finals Mt. Washington gets recordbreaking snowfall as Mass. prepares for heat To really bring out the best, make your own mayonnaise Today's Paper Magazine Obituaries Weather Comics Crossword The Big Picture Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Digital Access 99 cents a week for the first 4 weeks Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Save 50% off the regular rate Subscribe Subscribe Already a subscriber? Members Sign In Walmart settles for $7.5m after denying spousal benefits to gay couples E-Mail Share via e-mail To Add a message Your e-mail Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Comments Print The Boston Globe Tweet Share MIKE BLAKE/REUTERS/FILE By Milton J. Valencia Globe Staff  May 15, 2017 A federal judge approved a $7.5 million settlement Monday in a class-action lawsuit against Walmart that found the retail giant violated gender-discrimination laws for years when it denied spousal benefits to same-sex couples. The lawsuit was filed on behalf of a New Bedford woman by the advocacy group GLAD. The settlement was based in large part on US Supreme Court rulings affirming the rights of same-sex couples to marry and, in an earlier ruling, their entitlement to federal spousal benefits. Advertisement The lead plaintiff was Jacqueline Cote, who worked at Walmart for 15 years, though more than 300 plaintiffs joined the class-action lawsuit. After attorneys fees are paid, the plaintiffs will split the roughly $5.5 million balance from the settlement, which US District Judge William G. Young called fair and reasonable. Get Fast Forward in your inbox: Forget yesterday's news. Get what you need today in this early-morning email. Sign Up Thank you for signing up! Sign up for more newsletters here “This was a carefully crafted and sensible resolution of a complex matter, and it reflects well on the parties from both sides,” Young said from the bench Monday. Wal-Mart Stores Inc. had agreed in 2014 to provide spousal benefits for same-sex partners, and roughly 1,200 employees signed up for the benefits at the time. That decision came after the Supreme Court struck down the federal Defense of Marriage Act, which barred the federal government from recognizing same-sex marriages in states where it was allowed. But for three years before 2014, the company refused to pay spousal benefits to employees in same-sex marriages, according to the settlement. Advertisement Cote began working for Walmart in Maine in 1999 and continued working for the company there and in Massachusetts through last year. She sued after Walmart refused to provide spousal benefits for her wife, Diana Smithson, a former Walmart employee who left her job to care for Cote’s ill mother. In a statement Monday, Cote said, “I’m pleased that Walmart was willing to resolve this issue for me and other associates who are married to someone of the same sex. It’s a relief to bring this chapter of my life to a close.” Sally Welborn, senior vice president for the company, said in a statement: “We’re happy both sides could come together to reach a resolution . . . We will continue to not distinguish between same and opposite sex spouses when it comes to the benefits we offer under our health insurance plan.” Milton J. Valencia can be reached at milton.valencia@globe.com. Follow him on Twitter @miltonvalencia. Loading comments... Top 10 Trending Articles Most Viewed Most Commented Most Shared Real journalists. Real journalism. Subscribe to The Boston Globe today. My Account Log in Manage my Account Mobile Customer Service Sign Up For Newsletters Contact Help FAQs Globe newsroom Advertise Social Facebook Twitter Google+ More ePaper News in Education Archives Privacy policy Terms of service Terms of purchase Work at Boston Globe Media © 2017 Boston Globe Media Partners, LLC One free article left. Subscribe now → You have one free article left. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → Last free article. Subscribe now → This is your last free article. Get UNLIMITED access for only 99¢ per week. Subscribe now → We hope you've enjoyed your free articles. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just 99¢. Subscribe Now Already a member? Log in Home Wake up with today’s top stories Get Today’s Headlines every morning and breaking news as it unfolds. Connect with Facebook or Sign up & return to story Please enter a valid email Subscriber Log in | Privacy Policy Close Thanks for signing up Browse our full list of free Globe newsletters Return to your story Close Subscriber Log In We hope you've enjoyed your 5 free articles' Continue reading by subscribing to BostonGlobe.com for just 99¢. Continue reading by subscribing to Globe.com for just $.99¢ Stay informed with unlimited access to Boston’s trusted news source. High-quality journalism from the region’s largest newsroom Convenient access across all of your devices Today’s Headlines daily newsletter Subscriber-only access to exclusive offers, events, contests, eBooks, and more Less than 25¢ a week GET FULL ACCESS NOW GET FULL ACCESS NOW
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds AP $7.5M settlement approved in Wal-Mart same-sex benefits case May 15, 2017 Updated 7 hrs ago BOSTON (AP) — A $7.5 million class action settlement between Wal-Mart and a former employee who challenged the retail chain's lack of health insurance benefits for her same-sex spouse was approved by a federal judge on Monday. The settlement will pay for claims by current and former Wal-Mart associates in the U.S. and Puerto Rico that they were unable to obtain health insurance for their same-sex spouses from 2011 to 2013. About 380 claims have been submitted. U.S. District Judge William Young approved the settlement after a brief hearing in federal court in Boston. The lawsuit was filed in 2015 by Jacqueline Cote, a Wal-Mart associate from Massachusetts who said the company denied medical insurance for her wife. Bentonville, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart Stores Inc. began offering benefits for same-sex spouses in 2014. Cote, whose wife died of ovarian cancer in 2016, said she was pleased Wal-Mart was willing to resolve the issue for her and other associates who are married to someone of the same sex. "It's a relief to bring this chapter of my life to a close," she said in a statement. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Wal-Mart's senior vice president for global benefits, Sally Welborn, said the company was happy to resolve the case. "We will continue to not distinguish between same and opposite sex spouses when it comes to the benefits we offer under our health insurance plan," Welborn said in a statement. Cote was represented by the Boston-based group GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders, the Washington Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights & Urban Affairs and private law firms. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business General News Access To Health Care Health Legal Settlements Legal Proceedings Law And Order National Courts Courts Judiciary Government And Politics National Governments Class Action Lawsuits Lawsuits Gays And Lesbians Retail Industry Retail And Wholesale Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Latest in section Chinese stocks fall on weak data; other Asian markets rise China's chase of the 'golden visa' abroad, by the numbers AP Exclusive: Chinese spent $24B on US, other 'golden visas' Maine Democrat proposes internet privacy regulations Ski areas planning a variety of summer activities More on this topic Chinese stocks fall on weak data; other Asian markets rise China's chase of the 'golden visa' abroad, by the numbers AP Exclusive: Chinese spent $24B on US, other 'golden visas' Maine Democrat proposes internet privacy regulations Ski areas planning a variety of summer activities Most Popular on nwi.com Strack & Van Til owner $225 million in debt, eyes three more closings Jewel attempting to buy Strack & Van Til for $100 million Centier Bank robbed in Merrillville 25-year-old St. John woman killed in car crash One night in East Chicago, 2 kids killed Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents Health and Medicine Which states get the least sleep? +26 Travel Destinations Photo Contest Spotlight: See some of your best wildlife pictures from around the world State and Regional News Illinois' homeless population, by the numbers Renfroe's 2-run homer in 10th gives Padres 6-5 win Cruz, Seager power Mariners to 6-5 win over Athletics Nunez's 2-run infield single keys Giants' 4th straight win Trout homers in fourth straight game as Angels win Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses PINES VILLAGE 3303 PINE VILLAGE CIRCLE, VALPARAISO, IN 46383 BIG JOHN'S FARM STAND 1754 E JOE ORR ROAD, CHICAGO HEIGHTS, IL 60411 C21 AFFILIATED PORTAGE 5877 CENTRAL AVENUE, PORTAGE, IN 46368 Good Guys Collision 8201 Clay St., Merrillville, IN 46410 Ads Business Directory Latest Local Offers Ryan Spangler- State Farm FREE GIFT CARD when you call State Farm Insurance Agent, Ryan Spangler, about your insurance options! May 4, 2017 Banter Floors & More Let us help you update your kitchen and bathroom! Banter Floors & More 219-374-7360 May 4, 2017 Bednar Auction Service Looking for an Estate Sale in the Northwest Indiana area? Bednar Auction Service is Northwest Indiana's premier Auction Service. Call us at 312-805-1809 May 4, 2017 A Step Up Career Academy Center In Need of Child Care Services? Call A Step Up Career Academy Center today! 708-474-2511 May 4, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 30 mins S&P 500 2,402.32 +11.42 (+0.48%) Dow 30 20,981.94 +85.33 (+0.41%) Nasdaq 6,149.67 +28.44 (+0.46%) Every time this happens, Amazon crushes another legacy retailer <a href="">Tonya Garcia</a> MarketWatch May 15, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share Amazon has moved in and dominated categories including books and cloud services, with fashion waiting in the wings AmazonOnce e-commerce’s share of a retail category reaches 20%, Amazon is poised for concerted action.DMAMBMCMDMEPREVIEWZHZQZRZSZTZU For investors in Amazon, the most important number to remember is 20. When online sales hit 20% of all purchases in a given retail category, a surge in Amazon growth is sure to follow, according to L2 Inc., a business intelligence firm. It’s a threshold indicating “Amazon is going to displace a legacy retailer,” said Cooper Smith, L2’s director of Amazon research. “Twenty percent is when Amazon steps on the gas ... when consumer behavior is changing.” This pattern has held true for Amazon(AMZN)since the very first sector CEO Jeff Bezos disrupted, books, which passed the 20% mark between 2007 and 2008. Amazon’s rapid expansion into a “store for everything” continued as online sales passed 20% for consumer electronics between 2010 and 2011, and cloud services, which Amazon dominated from the moment it launched Amazon Web Services in 2006, each time fueling a turning point for the Seattle company. Don’t miss:How Amazon conquered books, electronics and the cloud Now the same trend is playing out in clothing and accessories, with online sales nearing the 20% threshold, said Smith. But the 20% milestone is proving more and more challenging to reach — nowhere more so than in the food and grocery market. What 20% means for Amazon’s foray into fashion The consumer transition to Amazon for clothing is happening fast, according to an April 28 report by Morgan Stanley. Amazon is the second largest U.S. apparel retailer, behind only Wal-Mart, with Amazon taking share from department stores and Target as it rises in prominence. Nearly half of 1,000 adults surveyed in Morgan Stanley’s latest Alphawise survey (46%) reported having bought clothing from Amazon in the past year. About the same percentage (47%) said they expected to buy more clothes from Amazon and fewer clothes from other retailers in the next 12 months. See also:Amazon’s stock price target raised above $1,000 by yet another analyst Online retailers have overcome much of the resistance to clothing sales with perks like free shipping and the ability to use your home as a fitting room, rather than actually having to trek to a store — and Amazon has capitalized on those benefits over the years through its Prime program. Cowen & Co. estimates Prime membership at about 50 million as of the fourth quarter of 2016. Traditional retailers, meanwhile, are struggling to win the business of young shoppers who say they’d rather spend money doing things than buying things, and remain disenchanted with the experience of shopping in physical stores. As a result, retailers that expanded their businesses by building more stores are now scaling back. More than 3,500 closures have been announced by department stores including Macy’s Inc.(XNYS:M) , Sears Holdings Inc.(SHLD)and J.C. Penney Co. Inc.(JCP) ; specialty stores such as those run by Gap Inc.(GPS)and Ralph Lauren Co.(RL) ; and chain-store operators that have filed for bankruptcy or liquidated, including Payless ShoeSource, Aeropostale Inc.(AROPQ)and Sports Authority. https://sw.graphiq.com/w/3Jkg53nohCt See:Nike and Coach are fighting Amazon by creating stores that appeal to all the senses Also:From a risk-of-bankruptcy standpoint, the retail business is the new oil and gas Retailers with the resources to do so, such as Wal-Mart Stores Inc.(WMT)and Target Corp.(TGT) , are gearing up to fight Amazon for market share, with both companies putting billions of dollars behind the effort. Wal-Mart invested on the price side of the equation. The company made a $3.3 billion purchase of Jet.com and, more recently, scooped up a number of niche fashion sites, including ModCloth and Moosejaw. The company is also said to be in talks to purchase men’s-wear retailer Bonobos. Also:Wal-Mart is beating the pants off Amazon in apparel, and it’s fighting to keep it that way Plus:Wal-Mart to offer discounts for online orders collected at stores Target, meanwhile, keeps adding to its list of private labels, with exclusivity central to its $7 billion overhaul strategy, along with store remodels and a competitive-pricing push. Read More Read:Target is adding stores, but analysts say it should be cutting locations instead https://sw.graphiq.com/w/kZK8ekkxmn3 Amazon‘s head start, though, could make it all but impossible to dislodge. “Amazon is the main beneficiary of e-commerce growth,” Smith said. KeyBanc Capital Markets estimates that Amazon already has at least 14 private-label brands. “We think that apparel may serve as one of the single biggest incremental growth opportunities in Amazon’s retail business,” KeyBanc analysts including Managing Director Edward Yruma wrote in a March note. Amazon’s private-label goods range from men’s dress shirts to women’s underwear. “These categories lend themselves to repeat purchases, have fewer national wholesale brand competitors, and can leverage Amazon’s data advantage,” the note said. Also: The retail sector is shedding jobs like it’s a recession Amazon declined to comment on its fashion strategy. Apparel is more complex than the media or electronics categories that Amazon tackled early on, so the company is going after items that are “highly commoditized,” like socks and shoes, said Smith. But even though online sales of clothing are nearing the 20% mark, Amazon still faces many challenges in the category. Recent research by Cowen & Co. found that 76% of consumers polled preferred to go to a store for clothes, shoes and accessories. “While longer term, we anticipate consumer preferences will likely continue to shift online, we believe traditional stores will continue to play an integral role in the retail experience,” they said. Still, with opinion shifting about Amazon’s style credibility, shopping habits are following suit. The number of people saying that style is not an Amazon attribute is shrinking. “We think this speaks to how Amazon’s fashion efforts are having an impact on consumer behavior and their willingness to shop for fashion on the site, which over time could lead to even faster apparel growth,” said the Morgan Stanley report. See:Amazon’s most sought-after clothing brands include Nike, Adidas and Under Armour Companies that aren’t being steamrolled are doing something that Amazon can’t. Brands like Everlane and Warby Parker, for example, offer something unique — and that breeds loyalty. Everlane promises “radical transparency,” explaining why items are priced as they are, with a breakdown of such line items as material and labor costs. Eyeglasses purveyor Warby Parker will ship five frames to customers for free to try at home. And there are some experiences that can’t be replicated online. For example, the success of off-price retailers like T.J. Maxx, a TJX Cos.(TJX)company; Burlington Stores Inc.(BURL)  ; and Ross Stores Inc.(ROST)can be attributed to what experts call the “treasure hunt” nature of shopping in those stores, analysts say. “Most pockets of retail success today have some sort of protective moat around their business that helps them fend off Amazon,” said Jared Wiesel, partner at Revenue Analytics. “Take home improvement. While I can certainly buy a power drill online, if I am starting a kitchen remodel, Amazon is unlikely to reap any of my spend.” Fewer and fewer categories nowadays have the cushion that home improvement enjoys. Food fight If changing consumer behavior is key to getting people to buy goods online, there’s a long way to go before online grocery shopping goes mainstream, or reaches the 20% threshold that favors Amazon’s prospects. Online sales account for less than 1% of the $1 trillion grocery market in the U.S., one of the lowest online market shares in all of retail, according to a Moody’s note in March. The credit-rating agency doesn’t expect this online market to grow to more than a 2% or 3% share over the next five years. The company’s standard playbook may not be as effective in the food space, analysts say. Read: Bottled water is now more popular than soda — why you should avoid both “We think most of the growth in online grocery sales will be limited to certain densely populated metropolitan areas, where income levels are more conducive to higher-priced online grocery purchases,” the Moody’s report said. Building a grocery business is going to require major investments in distribution centers, delivery trucks that can bring perishables to customer doorsteps, and other logistical developments that will hamper profits. Curbside pickup is one online model that Moody’s analysts believe can lead to online grocery success. Wal-Mart has planted its flag in the online food and consumer-goods area with its Jet purchase and with curbside pickup, which the company continues to expand. With this service, shoppers pull up to a store, but don’t even need to get out of their cars as a Wal-Mart staffer loads groceries into the vehicle. Recently, Amazon announced the launch of AmazonFresh Pickup, which remains in beta at just two Seattle locations. “It’s going to be a slower disruption than [in] consumer electronics and media,” L2’s Smith said. “But I wouldn’t bet against Amazon’s efforts to disrupt groceries.” Amazon shares have gained 28% in 2017, while the S&P 500 (^GSPC) has gained about 7%. Tonya Garcia is a MarketWatch reporter covering retail and consumer-oriented companies. You can follow her on Twitter @tgarcianyc. She is based in New York. More From MarketWatch Seeing America again through new eyes How to dig yourself out of debt Move over, Tesla? Karma unveils its hybrid sports car Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Here's how rich you'd be if you invested $1,000 in Amazon when it first went public Business Insider Get a whopping $133 off the best-selling Bluetooth headphones on Amazon Digital Trends Amazon went public 20 years ago today — here's how much its earliest investors have earned Business Insider Samsung Chromebook Pro went up for pre-order on Amazon, quickly sold out Digital Trends How Amazon May Secretly Be Using Stealth Robots to Really Kill Everyone Else Online The Street Bill Gates reveals what he'd study if he were a college freshman today Business Insider Sears tanks after CEO eviscerates top tool vendor he says is trying to cancel its contract Business Insider YouTubers are drilling holes in iPhones to turn them into $5 fidget spinners Business Insider Cyber security stocks rise in wake of global 'ransomware' attack Reuters What to Watch in the Markets Tuesday, April 16 Yahoo Finance Video We could see flying cars at the 2020 Olympics Yahoo Finance White House officials were reportedly 'hiding in offices' after Trump's latest flub Business Insider A group of architects submitted this proposal for Trump's border wall that's a one-way sheet of plexiglass Business Insider Why Apple has to enrage its best customers Yahoo Finance Macy’s is betting on exclusive lines, new store designs to revive its business MarketWatch TechCrunch Disrupt Live: Taking Stock Yahoo Finance Video Capitol Hill reacts to report that Trump shared classified intelligence Ghetto Blaster: Do all the people that thought Hillary should hang for treason because she had some classified intelligence on her private server now believe that Trump should hang for treason for revealing classified info to the Russians? Just curious.... Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Jacqueline Cote & Walmart Announce Final Class Settlement Over Health Insurance Benefits for Same-Sex Spouses of Walmart Associates BOSTON, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The following release is sourced to Outten & Golden LLP: A federal judge today approved the $7.5 million class action settlement between Walmart and former Walmart associate Jacqueline Cote, that challenged Walmart's lack of health insurance benefits for same-sex spouses of Walmart associates prior to 2014. The case is known as Jacqueline Cote v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc, No. 15-cv-12945-WGY (D. Mass). The settlement will pay for claims by Walmart associates in the United States and Puerto Rico that they were unable to obtain health insurance coverage for their same-sex spouses from Walmart from Jan. 1, 2011 to Dec. 31, 2013. It also covers the costs of administering the settlement and legal fees and expenses. In 2014, Walmart voluntarily made the same health insurance benefits available to same-sex spouses of its associates that it offered to opposite-sex spouses. As part of the proposed settlement, Walmart commits to continuing to do so in the future. The settlement class is expected to include no more than a few thousand current and former Walmart associates. Walmart employs nearly 1.5 million associates in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. Sally Welborn, Senior Vice President, Global Benefits for Walmart, said, "We're happy both sides could come together to reach a resolution. Respect for the individual, diversity and inclusion are among the core values that made Walmart into the company that it is today. We will continue to not distinguish between same and opposite sex spouses when it comes to the benefits we offer under our health insurance plan." Cote said, "I'm pleased that Walmart was willing to resolve this issue for me and other associates who are married to someone of the same sex. It's a relief to bring this chapter of my life to a close." Cote is represented by GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders (GLAD), Outten & Golden LLP, the Washington Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights & Urban Affairs (WLC), and Arnold & Porter Kaye Scholer LLP. Janson Wu, GLAD's Executive Director, said, "This is an important settlement for LGBTQ workers." Juno Turner, a Partner at Outten & Golden LLP, said, "We are pleased that class members had the opportunity to receive compensation." Peter Romer-Friedman, a Counsel at Outten & Golden LLP, said, "We are glad that as part of the settlement Walmart will continue to provide the same health insurance benefits regardless of the gender of the associate's spouse." Jonathan Smith, the WLC's Executive Director, said, "We believe the settlement is fair and reasonable and are pleased that the Court approved it today. We are pleased to have worked with our colleagues at GLAD, Outten & Golden, and Arnold & Porter Kaye Scholer to achieve this settlement." Media contacts for Plaintiff: Carisa Cunningham, GLAD, (617) 447-6500; Georgia Willett, Outten & Golden LLP, (212) 245-1000; Erin Powers, Powers MediaWorks LLC for Outten & Golden LLP, (281) 703-6000. Contact for Walmart: Randy Hargrove, (800) 331-0085. Contacts for Plaintiff and her attorneys: Gary Buseck and Allison Wright, GLAD, (617) 426-1350; Juno Turner and Peter Romer-Friedman, Outten & Golden LLP, (212) 245-1000; Matthew Handley, Washington Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights & Urban Affairs (202) 319-1000   SOURCE Outten & Golden LLP CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Legal Issues Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Tanker moratorium off B.C. North Coast not needed: CAPP Next PostNext Instant Noodles Global Market Size, Share, Demand, Growth, Opportunities,Top Key Player Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Jacqueline Cote & Walmart Announce Final Class Settlement Over Health Insurance Benefits for Same-Sex Spouses of Walmart Associates BOSTON, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The following release is sourced to Outten & Golden LLP: A federal judge today approved the $7.5 million class action settlement between Walmart and former Walmart associate Jacqueline Cote, that challenged Walmart's lack of health insurance benefits for same-sex spouses of Walmart associates prior to 2014. The case is known as Jacqueline Cote v. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc, No. 15-cv-12945-WGY (D. Mass). The settlement will pay for claims by Walmart associates in the United States and Puerto Rico that they were unable to obtain health insurance coverage for their same-sex spouses from Walmart from Jan. 1, 2011 to Dec. 31, 2013. It also covers the costs of administering the settlement and legal fees and expenses. In 2014, Walmart voluntarily made the same health insurance benefits available to same-sex spouses of its associates that it offered to opposite-sex spouses. As part of the proposed settlement, Walmart commits to continuing to do so in the future. The settlement class is expected to include no more than a few thousand current and former Walmart associates. Walmart employs nearly 1.5 million associates in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. Sally Welborn, Senior Vice President, Global Benefits for Walmart, said, "We're happy both sides could come together to reach a resolution. Respect for the individual, diversity and inclusion are among the core values that made Walmart into the company that it is today. We will continue to not distinguish between same and opposite sex spouses when it comes to the benefits we offer under our health insurance plan." Cote said, "I'm pleased that Walmart was willing to resolve this issue for me and other associates who are married to someone of the same sex. It's a relief to bring this chapter of my life to a close." Cote is represented by GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders (GLAD), Outten & Golden LLP, the Washington Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights & Urban Affairs (WLC), and Arnold & Porter Kaye Scholer LLP. Janson Wu, GLAD's Executive Director, said, "This is an important settlement for LGBTQ workers." Juno Turner, a Partner at Outten & Golden LLP, said, "We are pleased that class members had the opportunity to receive compensation." Peter Romer-Friedman, a Counsel at Outten & Golden LLP, said, "We are glad that as part of the settlement Walmart will continue to provide the same health insurance benefits regardless of the gender of the associate's spouse." Jonathan Smith, the WLC's Executive Director, said, "We believe the settlement is fair and reasonable and are pleased that the Court approved it today. We are pleased to have worked with our colleagues at GLAD, Outten & Golden, and Arnold & Porter Kaye Scholer to achieve this settlement." Media contacts for Plaintiff: Carisa Cunningham, GLAD, (617) 447-6500; Georgia Willett, Outten & Golden LLP, (212) 245-1000; Erin Powers, Powers MediaWorks LLC for Outten & Golden LLP, (281) 703-6000. Contact for Walmart: Randy Hargrove, (800) 331-0085. Contacts for Plaintiff and her attorneys: Gary Buseck and Allison Wright, GLAD, (617) 426-1350; Juno Turner and Peter Romer-Friedman, Outten & Golden LLP, (212) 245-1000; Matthew Handley, Washington Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights & Urban Affairs (202) 319-1000   SOURCE Outten & Golden LLP CategoriesUncategorized TagsBanking/Financial Services, Legal Issues Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Tanker moratorium off B.C. North Coast not needed: CAPP Next PostNext Instant Noodles Global Market Size, Share, Demand, Growth, Opportunities,Top Key Player Analysis and Forecast to 2022 Search Recent Posts Surna Reports Q1 2017 Results Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C. Announces that a Class Action Lawsuit has been Filed against ImmunoCellular Therapeutics, Ltd. (IMUC) and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firm Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C. is Investigating DXP Enterprises, Inc. (DXPE) on Behalf of Stockholders and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firm Bragar Eagel & Squire, P.C. Announces that a Class Action Lawsuit has been Filed against Sunrun Inc. (RUN) and Encourages Investors to Contact the Firm SHAREHOLDER ALERT: Khang & Khang LLP Announces an Investigation of Avinger, Inc. and Encourages Investors with Losses to Contact the Firm RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product Wal-Mart’s first quarter net income expected to dip despite slightly higher revenue Arkansas 4Q GDP growth in 2016 only 0.5%, full-year GDP sees major downward revision Iowa food company acquires Decatur-based Crystal Lake Farms for $3.5 million Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 Arkansas Bar Association to discuss potential constitutional amendment on justice system, ethics, vetoes and legislative power Reshoring groups says ‘tide has turned,’ more manufacturing jobs returning than leaving U.S. Talk Business & Politics, KATV renew multi-year television partnership Gov. Asa Hutchinson and other national lawmakers petition federal government for flood-related agricultural aid Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product Wal-Mart sued for discriminating against pregnant workers, retailer denies claims Iowa food company acquires Decatur-based Crystal Lake Farms for $3.5 million Video / Podcasts These ‘Mom-Senators’ worked for women’s issues in the recent session Sen. Boozman: ‘Content’ that Intelligence Committees can handle Trump investigation in wake of Comey firing TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics TB&P Daily: John Brummett on French elections, the Trump factor, state and federal healthcare and judicial impeachment Governor says healthcare needs more personal responsibility; clemency request to be reviewed this week Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas trucking companies will have a better fleet registration system by Jan. 1 J.B. Hunt announces promotion of Shelley Simpson ATRI report says truck drivers sacrifice an hour of driving time for parking The Supply Side: Omnichannel success takes more than online shopping Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart sued for discriminating against pregnant workers, retailer denies claims News BriefsNorthwest Arkansas by Talk Business & Politics staff (staff2@talkbusiness.net) 9 hours ago 22 views  0 SHARES Share Tweet Talisa Borders and Otisha Woolbright, two former employees of Wal-Mart Stores, filed a lawsuit again the retail giant in the Southern District of Illinois on Friday (May 12). The suit claims pregnant employees were denied the same workplace accommodations as others with disabilities. The proposed class action suit (Borders v. Wal-Mart Stores) would include more than 25,000 women who worked for the retailer before 2014. The plaintiffs said before Wal-Mart changed its policy in 2014, pregnant workers were treated as “second-class-citizens” and still required to climb ladders and do somewhat heavy lifting, despite their asking for a disability waiver. According to the filing, both women said there were repercussions for them when they chose not to do the risky activities such as climbing or lifting more than 50 pounds while they were pregnant, noting that Wal-Mart changed the company policy in 2014 to reflect pregnancy as a disability that can limit physical activity. Wal-Mart corporate spokesman Randy Hargrove the retailer disagrees that the claims raised are entitled to class-action treatment. “Walmart is a great place for women to work,” Hargrove said. “Our policies have always fully met or exceeded both state and federal law and this includes the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act. We’ve also had a strong anti-discrimination policy, which provides more protection than required by the law. That policy has long listed pregnancy as a protected status. We deny the claims of Ms. Borders and Ms. Woolbright and plan to defend the company.” Comments comments Previous post Iowa food company acquires Decatur-based Crystal Lake Farms for $3.5 million Next post Arkansas 4Q GDP growth in 2016 only 0.5%, full-year GDP sees major downward revision Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws Robert Coon In defense of Goldilocks Todd Turner Deceptive Trade Practices Act changes will harm Arkansas consumers Megan Hargraves Changes to Deceptive Trade Practices Act will make Arkansas more business-friendly Micah Whitfield Reviewing the ‘bargain branding’ rules Latest Popular Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 5 hours ago The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product 6 hours ago Wal-Mart’s first quarter net income expected to dip despite slightly higher revenue 8 hours ago Arkansas 4Q GDP growth in 2016 only 0.5%, full-year GDP sees major downward revision 8 hours ago Wal-Mart sued for discriminating against pregnant workers, retailer denies claims 9 hours ago Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws 1,803 views XNA responds to passenger growth with $35 million parking deck 1,693 views Fort Smith city boss refuses to provide reason for sanitation director’s termination 1,575 views Fort Smith sanitation director fired by city administrator 1,517 views Fort Smith costs to dispose of recycling at landfill continue to climb, new estimate above $680,000 1,389 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub Applications RSS العربية ESP РУС DE FR ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY RTQuestion more live 07:00 GMT, May 16, 2017 search Menu mobile News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge In vision In motion RT360 Shows On-Air Talent More HomeAmerica Walmart treats pregnant women as ‘second-class citizens’, new lawsuit claims Published time: 15 May, 2017 21:24 Get short URL FILE PHOTO. © Mike Blake / Reuters Two women have sued Walmart, America’s largest private employer, claiming it discriminates against pregnant employees. The suit seeks class-action status, and comes as a settlement has been proposed in another discrimination case against the company. Talisa Borders and Otisha Woolbright say that, until 2014, Walmart had a company-wide policy that denied pregnant workers the same accommodations as workers with other disabilities, treating expectant mothers as “second-class citizens.” That policy, they said, was in violation of federal law, which requires employers to treat pregnancy as a temporary disability and provide work accommodations to pregnant women. Such accommodations include providing “light duty, alternative assignments, disability leave, or unpaid leave to pregnant employees if it does so for other temporarily disabled employees,”according to the US Equal Employment Opportunity Commission (EEOC). If the proposal to turn the case into a class-action lawsuit is accepted, it could include at least 20,000 women and possibly up to 50,000 who worked at Walmart while pregnant before the policy was changed. Read more Just a myth? Women in the US lag behind on human rights, UN reports Borders worked at a Walmart in Illinois, where she was reprimanded for asking her co-workers to climb ladders and lift heavy boxes for her during her pregnancy. She was forced to take unpaid leave, and her pay was $2.00 less per hour when she returned, according to the lawsuit. Woolbright worked at a Walmart in Florida. Her manager in the deli department told her that pregnancy was “no excuse” for avoiding heavy lifting, according to the lawsuit. She was fired after injuring herself lifting trays that weighed up to 50 lbs and then making inquiries about Walmart’s pregnancy policy, she said. In March 2014, the Arkansas-based company changed its policy, but lawyers for the two women say the new version did not go far enough to protect expectant employees, and they are considering filing a second lawsuit over the new policy, Reuters reported. It is unclear whether that separate lawsuit over the new policy would also seek class-action status. One woman who could join the second lawsuit is Candis Riggins, who filed a pregnancy discrimination charge with the EEOC against Walmart in December 2014, after the company changed its policy. Riggins was a maintenance worker in Maryland, and became sickened by toxic cleaning chemicals she was using at work. When she gave her Walmart managers a doctor’s note and asked to be temporarily transferred to another position during her pregnancy, she was instead told twice to take a career preference test, the complaint read. She was never reassigned, and was eventually fired, two months after the new pregnancy policy went into effect. “I didn’t hear back from anyone,” Riggins told the Washington Post at the time she filed the complaint. “Even though I wasn’t able to stomach anything.” In response to Riggins’ case and those like hers, Senator Bob Casey (D-Pennsylvania) introduced the Pregnant Workers Fairness Act in June 2015, but it never gained any traction. A similar bill was introduced in the House by Representative Jerrold Nadler (D-New York). It was referred to committee, but never went any further in the process. Under fire: Chipotle, Papa John, McDonald’s over ‘pervasive’ wage theft and discrimination https://t.co/PF7qojOsB0— RT America (@RT_America) August 27, 2016 The new lawsuit comes as a settlement has been proposed in a different class-action case claiming discrimination. In that suit, the plaintiffs say that Walmart denied health benefits to the same-sex spouses of its employees. The lead plaintiff, Jacqueline Cote, worked as an associate in Massachusetts from 2006 to 2012. During the annual open enrollment periods for benefits, Cote attempted to add her wife to her insurance. Same-sex marriage has been legal in the Bay State since 2004. "When Cote entered her spouse's gender as 'female,' the online system would stop her from proceeding further," the lawsuit said. "When she called Walmart's home office to investigate, she was told that Walmart did not offer health insurance coverage to same-sex spouses." Walmart changed its policy in 2013. By that point, Cote’s wife was battling ovarian cancer, and faced $150,000 in medical bills. Her wife died last year. The proposed settlement between Walmart and its current and former employees is $7.5 million, the Springfield Republican reported. A fairness hearing is scheduled for Monday. Where to watch Schedule Where to watch Schedule News America UK Russian politics Business Sport Op-Edge More Live Where to watch In vision In motion RT360 Shows Schedule Business projects Legal disclaimer Privacy policy Feedback About us Vacancies Contact info On-Air Talent RT NEWS APP Android iOS Windows phone Windows 8 العربية Español Русский Deutsch Français ИНОТВ RTД RUPTLY Applications RSS facebook twitter youtube google-plus instagram soundcloud coub © Autonomous Nonprofit Organization “TV-Novosti”, 2005–2017. All rights reserved.
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Wal-Mart hit with lawsuit alleging pregnant employees were treated unfairly May 15, 2017 Walmart is the subject of a federal lawsuit involving its alleged treatment of pregnant workers.    Two former Walmart employees filed a lawsuit that says the chain treated thousands of pregnant workers as “second-class citizens” by rejecting their requests to limit climbing on ladders and other potentially dangerous tasks, Reuters reported. The proposed class action lawsuit, filed in a federal court in Illinois, claims that until 2014, the retailer had a company-wide policy that denied pregnant women the same accommodations as workers with other disabilities. It could include at least 20,000 women and possibly up to 50,000 who worked at the chain while pregnant before the policy change, Reuters reported.    In a statement from spokesman Randy Hargrove to Reuters, Walmart denied the allegations and said Wal-Mart's pregnancy policies "have always fully met or exceeded both state and federal law." The company said a separate anti-discrimination policy it maintains has long listed pregnancy as a protected status.   Click here to read more.  Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Study ranks America’s favorite grocery stores Specialty apparel retailer exiting Canada Coach snags rival in $2.4 billion acquisition Jet.com ventures into physical retail Report: Children’s clothing retailer to reorganize President-elect hurting traffic at some major retail flagships Dollar Tree comes out on top Restaurant giant in $1.8 billion acquisition German grocery giant to make a big U.S. debut ahead of schedule Study: Retailers leave money on table due to lack of personalized service Solutions Spotlight Taking Stock of Retail’s Analytics Capabilities When it comes to using data and analytics to drive business results, where does the retail industry stand relative to other industries? And more importantly, where does your company stand against a retail industry index?  Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts The Reimagining of Cumberland Farms Cumberland Farms, a convenience store fixture in New England and central... First Look: Target’s next-generation store concept Target Corp. has unveiled its next-generation store format, which will make... Amazon debuts grocery pick-up concept More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Study: More than half of U.S. shoppers haven’t tried BOPIS More omnichannel retailers offer buy-online-pickup-in-store (BOPIS) services... Report: Retailers are running in place when it comes to IoT Retailers remain stuck when it comes to Internet of Things (IoT) initiatives... Survey: Store retailers leaving money on table Disappointing shopping experiences are costing brick-and-mortar retailers... Trending Stores Eloquii, The Fashion Centre at Pentagon City, Arlington, Va. Online plus-size fast-fashion retailer Eloquii is testing its first physical location, a pop-up shop in the Washington, D.C. area.  More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Own Brands Now Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Workers say Wal-Mart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States U.S. Legal News | Mon May 15, 2017 | 4:12pm EDT Workers say Wal-Mart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women By Daniel Wiessner Two former Wal-Mart Stores Inc employees have filed a lawsuit accusing the retailer of treating thousands of pregnant workers as “second-class citizens” by rejecting their requests to limit heavy lifting, climbing on ladders and other potentially dangerous tasks. The proposed class action lawsuit was filed in federal court in Illinois on Friday by Talisa Borders and Otisha Woolbright, who say that until 2014, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart had a company-wide policy that denied pregnant women the same accommodations as workers with other disabilities. The class could include at least 20,000 women and possibly up to 50,000 who worked at Wal-Mart while pregnant before the policy change, according to the lawsuit. The company in a statement provided by spokesman Randy Hargrove denied the women's claims and said Wal-Mart's pregnancy policies "have always fully met or exceeded both state and federal law." The company said a separate anti-discrimination policy it maintains has long listed pregnancy as a protected status. "Walmart is a great place for women to work," the company said. Borders and Woolbright say that Wal-Mart's old policy violated a federal law requiring employers to treat pregnancy as a temporary disability and provide work accommodations to pregnant women. The U.S. Supreme Court, in a 2015 case involving United Parcel Service, said employers cannot treat pregnant workers differently from those with other disabilities or medical conditions. Wal-Mart, the largest private U.S. employer, changed its policy in 2014 to treat pregnancy as a disability. But lawyers for the plaintiffs in the lawsuit say the changes did not go far enough, and they were planning a separate lawsuit involving the new policy. Woolbright says her manager at a Florida Wal-Mart told her pregnancy was “no excuse” for not doing heavy lifting. She says she was fired from her job in the deli department after injuring herself lifting trays that weighed up to 50 pounds and inquiring further about the company’s pregnancy policies. Borders, who worked at an Illinois Wal-Mart, says she was reprimanded for asking coworkers to climb ladders and lift heavy boxes while she was pregnant, and forced to go on unpaid leave. When she returned, she says, she was paid $2.00 less per hour. The case is Borders v. Wal-Mart Stores Inc, U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Illinois, No. 3:17-cv-00506. Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In U.S. Legal News Cyber firms say looking at possible North Korea tie to ransomware attack NEW YORK Major cyber security firms Symantec Corp and Kaspersky Lab said on Monday they were looking into clues that may connect the global "ransomware" attack known as WannaCry with programs previously attributed to North Korea. Trump administration vastly expands global anti-abortion policy WASHINGTON The Trump administration said on Monday it was vastly expanding the scope of a policy blocking U.S. assistance to foreign groups that perform or provide information about abortions, a move critics say will hinder women's access to critical care. New York City takes stance after immigration agents show up at school NEW YORK New York City's Department of Education said on Monday that federal immigration agents would be barred from entering school property after agents showed up at a school last week to seek information about a fourth grade student. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City Name Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting VRtually There More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives News tips Photo galleries Newsletters Newsstand Scores Podcasts Investigations Policing the USA Moonlighting Lightpost VRtually There Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ 3 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest A Foolish Take: The chart that defines Walmart Here's what makes Walmart stand out. Post to Facebook A Foolish Take: The chart that defines Walmart Here's what makes Walmart stand out.   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: https://usat.ly/2rjdIA5 {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs A Foolish Take: The chart that defines Walmart John Maxfield, The Motley Fool 3:51 p.m. ET May 15, 2017 Here's what makes Wal-Mart unique. Despite the enormous size of these other companies, most of which have higher market caps than Walmart, their annual revenue pales in comparison to the Arkansas-based retailer's. (Photo: USATODAY) 3 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Every company has a chart that defines it. The chart for Apple (NASDAQ: AAPL), for instance, would show iPhone sales -- their trend or the evolving share of revenue they account for. After all, the iPhone has made Apple the most valuable company in the world. That's what a defining chart is. It reflects the core or unique quality most responsible for a company's success. Few are more striking than Walmart's (NYSE: WMT) defining chart. It compares the annual revenue of Walmart to other large companies -- say, those on the Standard & Poor's 500 index, which tracks the leading companies in the United States. Despite the enormous size of these other companies, most of which have higher market caps than Walmart, their annual revenue pales in comparison to the Arkansas-based retailer's. Walmart's revenue over the last 12 months adds up to $486 billion. That's more than twice Apple's total revenue -- which, not to belabor the point, is the most valuable company in America. It's this stark contrast between sales and value that reflects Walmart's core business model: Selling lots of stuff at everyday low prices. Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!* Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Click here to get access to the full list! *Stock Advisor returns as of 5/1/2017. John Maxfield has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. The Motley Fool is a USA TODAY content partner offering financial news, analysis and commentary designed to help people take control of their financial lives. Its content is produced independently of USA TODAY. Offer from the Motley Fool: Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!* Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Click here to get access to the full list! *Stock Advisor returns as of 5/1/2017. 3 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDINCOMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: https://usat.ly/2rjdIA5
$1,000 In Amazon 20 years ago is now worth $638,000 - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Social Stream EVENTS 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps Text Alerts LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV CNN Video Social Stream Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World EVENTS The Insider Real Estate Election 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Email News/Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Email News/Apps School closings EVENTS See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs EVENTS Text Alerts Golf Contest BBall Challenge Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine 2017 Erie Mayoral Forum Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV EVENTS See It, Shoot It The Insider Text Alerts National Car and Truck Care Month Earth Day Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Email News/Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases $1,000 In Amazon 20 years ago is now worth $638,000 Posted: Monday, May 15, 2017 3:35 PM EDT Updated: Monday, May 15, 2017 5:36 PM EDT Today, the company is worth about $460 billion -- almost twice as much as brick-and-mortar king Walmart. By Paul R. La Monica NEW YORK (CNNMoney) -- What do you get someone for their 20th anniversary when they already seemingly have it all? Online retail giant Amazon went public on May 15, 1997. (Cue Sgt. Pepper by The Beatles? It was 20 years ago today, Jeff Bezos taught e-commerce companies how to play?) Today, the company is worth about $460 billion -- almost twice as much as brick-and-mortar king Walmart. Only Apple, Google owner Alphabet and Microsoft have a higher market value than Amazon. The Bezos-run company is no longer an unprofitable Internet retailer either. It consistently makes money -- not just in the fourth quarter when people go bananas shopping for the holidays. And Amazon is expected to generate $166 billion in total revenue this year. Sure, that still pales in comparison to the nearly $500 billion in sales analysts are estimating from Walmart. But Amazon's projected sales are about $40 billion more than the expected revenues of Target, Best Buy, Macy's and Barnes & Noble combined this year. The dominance of Amazon, as well as Walmart, is one of the reasons why many other traditional retailers are closing stores, laying off workers and, in some cases, even going out of business. Name a part of the retail world and Amazon has entered it. It's gone from books and CDs to the digital versions of them, as well as clothing, food, furniture, jewelry and just about everything else. Amazon is also a cloud computing leader and an emerging player in the world of streaming digital media along with Netflix. The company has invested in freight airlines in order to have more control over the delivery process and is also working on drones as well. And Amazon has the potential to be a winner in the Internet of Things/connected devices market with its Alexa-powered Echo speaker. (Alexa, can you help me finish this story by my deadline?) But this might be the most stunning stat about Amazon. If you were lucky enough to have $1,000 worth of Amazon stock at its IPO price (adjusted for splits) two decades ago, that would now be worth...$638,000. That's enough to pay for an Amazon Prime membership for the next 6,444 years. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading News Metro Page Six Sports Business Opinion Entertainment Fashion Living Media Tech Real Estate Sub Menu 1 Video Photos Covers Columnists Horoscopes Sub Menu 2 Email Newsletters Home Delivery Sign in Sections Search Search Tips Sign in New York Post latest in business Thompson’s days were numbered at the Census Bureau Trump’s tax plan may raise federal budget more than we thought Amazon stock skyrockets 49,000 percent in 20 years Jeffrey Ubben is stepping down as ValueAct’s investment chief Cyber crooks demand ransom after stealing new Disney movie Snap bounces back as big-name funds reveal they own stock SEC charges ex-Nomura traders with lying about bond prices Walmart accused of discriminating against pregnant workers Microsoft’s president blames NSA for WannaCry attack Lyft and Waymo are ganging up against Uber People have stopped buying guns since Trump took office Co-worker claims L.A. Reid sexually harassed her Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Business Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Walmart accused of discriminating against pregnant workers By Reuters View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) May 15, 2017 | 3:47pm Modal Trigger Getty Images More On: walmart Whole Foods is about to get cheaper Amazon responds to Walmart in free-shipping war Woman finds note from 'Chinese prisoner' in purse she bought at Walmart At this Wal-mart brawl, prices and bodies were dropping Two former Walmart employees have filed a lawsuit accusing the retailer of treating thousands of pregnant workers as “second-class citizens” by rejecting their requests to limit heavy lifting, climbing on ladders and other potentially dangerous tasks. The proposed class action lawsuit was filed in federal court in Illinois on Friday by Talisa Borders and Otisha Woolbright, who say that until 2014, Arkansas-based Walmart had a company-wide policy that denied pregnant women the same accommodations as workers with other disabilities. The class could include at least 20,000 women and possibly up to 50,000 who worked at Walmart while pregnant before the policy change, according to the lawsuit. The company in a statement provided by spokesman Randy Hargrove denied the women’s claims and said Walmart’s pregnancy policies “have always fully met or exceeded both state and federal law.” The company said a separate anti-discrimination policy it maintains has long listed pregnancy as a protected status. “Walmart is a great place for women to work,” the company said. Borders and Woolbright say that Walmart’s old policy violated a federal law requiring employers to treat pregnancy as a temporary disability and provide work accommodations to pregnant women. The U.S. Supreme Court, in a 2015 case involving United Parcel Service, said employers cannot treat pregnant workers differently from those with other disabilities or medical conditions. Wal-Mart, the largest private US employer, changed its policy in 2014 to treat pregnancy as a disability. But lawyers for the plaintiffs in the lawsuit say the changes did not go far enough, and they were planning a separate lawsuit involving the new policy. Woolbright says her manager at a Florida Walmart told her pregnancy was “no excuse” for not doing heavy lifting. She says she was fired from her job in the deli department after injuring herself lifting trays that weighed up to 50 pounds and inquiring further about the company’s pregnancy policies. Borders, who worked at an Illinois Walmart, says she was reprimanded for asking coworkers to climb ladders and lift heavy boxes while she was pregnant, and forced to go on unpaid leave. When she returned, she says, she was paid $2 less per hour. Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under class-action lawsuits ,  pregnancy ,  sexual discrimination ,  walmart Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google LinkedIn WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Microsoft's president blames NSA for WannaCry attack Read Next Microsoft's president blames NSA for WannaCry attack Share Selection Columnists John Crudele Thompson’s days were numbered at the Census Bureau Claire Atkinson Warner Music boss nears royalty deal with Spotify Steve Cuozzo Charles Cohen breathing life back into Park Avenue SEE ALL COLUMNISTS Trending Now on NYPost.com 22,556 The side of McKayla Maroney you haven't seen before 16,102 Body of 'America's first serial killer' to be exhumed 15,987 The sad new life of exiled Ruth Madoff Now On Jim Parsons gives inside scoop on his Rainbow Room wedding Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin celebrate Apple’s birthday Estée Lauder gave Elizabeth Hurley health advice SEE ALL Video 1:11 These vixens hit the club in nothing but electrical tape More Stories page six Howard Stern explains his controversial 'personal day' Now On Decider The Best Erotic Thrillers on Netflix nypost The side of McKayla Maroney you haven't seen before New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram LinkedIn Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscopes Living Classifieds Newsletters & Feeds Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contact Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *}
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Former Walmart Workers Say Company Treated Thousands Of Pregnant Employees Unfairly Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Former Walmart Workers Say Company Treated Thousands Of Pregnant Employees Unfairly Image courtesy of Patrick May 15, 2017 3:33 pm EDT By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk can i get a hand? pregnancy in the workplace walmart civil rights act workplace discrimination A pair of former Walmart employees say the nation’s largest retailer illegally required pregnant workers around the country to perform heavy lifting and other ill-advised physical tasks. According to their lawsuit [PDF] filed in a federal court in Illinois last week, Walmart’s policies and practices concerning accommodations in the workplace for pregnant employees violated Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 and the subsequent Pregnancy Discrimination Act added in 1978. The first plaintiff was working at Walmart when got pregnant. At one point, the complaint says, she almost slipped off a ladder during a shift. “Because she feared for the safety of her fetus and health of her pregnancy,” the lawsuit says, she stopped climbing ladders and lifting heavy things, and her coworkers stepped in to help her perform those tasks when she needed them. She was able to continue doing her job with this accommodation, the lawsuit says, and planned to continue working throughout her pregnancy. But after several months of this arrangement, a supervisor noticed she wasn’t using a ladder and told the plaintiff she would have to provide a doctor’s note to continue working at Walmart. So she did, claims the complaint, but despite that note and a discussion with Human Resources, she says she was told she had to take an unpaid leave of absence though her baby wasn’t due for two more months. When she returned to work, Walmart allegedly refused to reinstate her to her previous position — and pay grade — in the pharmacy department where she’d been working 40 hours per week. Instead, she says she was assigned to a lower pay grade position for $2 less per hour, and was moved to “various departments.” She eventually accepted a cashier position paying $9.05, still less than the $10.85 she previously made. She no longer works for Walmart. The second plaintiff found out she was pregnant soon after she was hired in Sept. 2013, and informed her supervisor. According to the complaint, she experienced pain and bleeding and was concerned about a miscarriage or other serious complication, and sought medical help. When she was discharged after an ER visit, she was given instructions to avoid heavy lifting. She returned to work in the deli/bakery department and notified her supervisor that she had been in the hospital because of serious health concerns about her pregnancy, and that she’d been directed by her doctor to avoid heavy lifting. She claims she attempted to give her manager the paperwork from the hospital, but that the supervisor refused to accept it. Instead, in response, her supervisor allegedly told her, “If you can’t do [heavy lifting], you can walk out those doors,” the complaint claims. The suit says she also made a statement expressing concern that the worker was “a liability” and trying to “cost Walmart money.” To that end, the supervisor allegedly told the worker that “she had seen Demi Moore do a summersault on television toward the end of her pregnancy, so pregnancy was ‘no excuse'” for her. She asked another manager for a transfer to a cashier position, but claims that she was told she was ineligible for a transfer because she hadn’t worked for Walmart for long enough. So although she was anxious about maintaining a healthy pregnancy, she says she had no choice to but to perform heavy lifting at work. Soon after, she claims she was working in the store’s deli, kneeling down and lifting heavy trays of rotisserie chicken weighing between 35 and 50 pounds when she suddenly “felt a shooting pain in her pelvic area, leg, buttocks, and back,” the lawsuit states. Her supervisor told her she could go home, and later that day, she ended up going to the hospital, and missed several days of work. Upon her return, she was offered accommodations that she’d been denied before her injury, and was restricted to sedentary work with no lifting. Fast forward to Jan. 2014, when the lawsuit claims the worker requested information about Walmart’s policies on taking leave for childbirth. The next time she was at work after that, the lawsuit claims a store manager “interrogated” her about her pregnancy and efforts to seek information about Walmart’s policies. He told her that “Walmart will no longer be needing your services” and she was fired, the lawsuit claims. The plaintiffs are seeking class-action status, hoping to represent all other women who worked at Walmart during this time. They estimate that as few as 12,000 and as many as 48,000 women could be part of the plaintiff class. They allege that Walmart maintained a “constellation of policies and practices” regarding employee accommodations in the workplace due to health issues. “Walmart set up a graduated system of workplace modifications that explicitly excluded pregnant employees from a wide variety of accommodations and adjustments for which non-pregnant employees, similar to pregnant employees in their ability or inability to work, were eligible,” the lawsuit states. According to the complaint, Walmart’s prior medical-related policy singled out pregnancy as a “medical condition” that is ineligible for the accommodations afforded to other employees. The lawsuit says that the policy stated that the job aids and environmental adjustments available to pregnant employees exclude: “creating a job, removing or reducing an essential function of your job, transferring a portion of a job to another associate, light duty, or temporary alternative duty, or reassignment.” “Non-pregnant employees with disabilities, on the other hand, were entitled to ‘reasonable accommodations,'” the lawsuit notes, including reassignment to an open vacant position and “[c]hanging non-essential job functions.” “Had Walmart allowed other employees to assist [the plaintiffs] with their ‘non-essential job functions,’ such as climbing ladders or lifting heavy objects, or had Walmart reassigned [them] to open vacant positions, they would not have been harmed as they were,” the lawsuit says. The lawsuit says that Walmart’s allegedly discriminatory policies and practices caused the plaintiffs and other members of the potential class to suffer injury, including but not limited to, loss of wages and other job benefits, and emotional and physical distress. The plaintiffs are seeking compensation for physical and mental injuries, as well as costs related to the case. In a statement to Consumerist, Walmart denied the claims of the two plaintiffs, and disagree that the claims raised are entitled to class treatment. “Walmart is a great place for women to work,” a Walmart spokesman said. “Our policies have always fully met or exceeded both state and federal law and this includes the Americans with Disabilities Act and the Pregnancy Discrimination Act. We’ve also had a strong anti-discrimination policy, which provides more protection than required by the law. That policy has long listed pregnancy as a protected status.” “We deny the claims of [the plaintiffs] and plan to defend the company,” says Walmart. May 15, 2017 By Mary Beth Quirk@marybethquirk can i get a hand? pregnancy in the workplace walmart civil rights act workplace discrimination Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related Righting A Wrong Jury Orders AutoZone To Pay Former Employee $185M For Pregnancy Discrimination you don't work here anymore Walmart Ordered To Pay $31 Million For Retaliating Against Pharmacist Whistleblower hot off the presses EEOC Updates Rules Protecting Pregnant Workers For First Time In 30 Years health insurance Walmart Worker Suing Retailer Claiming Its Previous Benefits Policy Discriminated Against Same-Sex Couples taking it seriously Walmart Customer With Tourette’s Claims She Was Kicked Out Of Store, Told Not To Return Previous Delta Wants To Expedite Self-Service Bag Drops With Facial Recognition Tech Next Sears CEO Says Suppliers Are Taking Advantage Of “Dire Predictions” About Retailer Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Sears CEO Says Suppliers Are Taking Advantage Of “Dire Predictions” About Retailer Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to main navigation Top Navigation SECTIONS News Arts Life Sports Opinion Obituaries Events Galleries Classified CapRegion Cars CapRegion Homes CapRegion Jobs Classified Place a Classified Ad Rentals Login Subscribe Home News Local State National/World Business Education Arts Theater & Dance Music Movies Books Galleries & Museums Life Food Health History Home Restaurants Sports Local High School College National Opinion Editorials Op-Eds Blogs & Columns Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Blogs & Columns Obituaries Events Galleries Classified Hide Advanced Search Narrow your search News Arts Life Sports Opinion All Date Range FROM TO   Subscriber login Enter your email address. Enter the password that accompanies your email address. Forgot Password? Leave this field blank Tuesday, May 16, 2017 News What you need to know for 05/16/2017 Prevention better than cure, local cybersecurity experts say8:28 PMTrump revealed highly classified information to Russian foreign minister8:26 PMMedicaid expansion, reversed by House, back on table in Senate8:24 PMEditorial: Investigate fraudulent payments7:54 PMUAlbany's big win ... by the numbers7:49 PM Wal-Mart to shut its Neighborhood Market in Niskayuna Wal-Mart to shut its Neighborhood Market in Niskayuna Employees will be offered transfer opportunities John Cropley | May 15, 2017 SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL The Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market in Niskayuna. Photographer: MARC SCHULTZ NISKAYUNA — Three and a half years after it opened, the Wal-Mart Neighborhood Market on State Street is getting ready to shut down. Company spokesman Phillip Keene announced the plan Monday and said the reasons included an inability to generate sufficient profit. “It’s based on a number of factors, including financial performance,” he said. The last day will be no later than June 9. Clearance sales will begin within the week, and if inventory is reduced beyond a viable level, the store will close sooner, perhaps in late May. The pharmacy will remain open at least until May 30, even if other retail operations cease before the official closing. The decision does not reflect poorly on the roughly 100 people who work there, Keene said, and they will be able to seek employment at other Wal-Mart stores. “We're optimistic any associate that wants to continue their career with the company will be able to do so,” he said. There are three full-sized Wal-Mart stores within a few miles of the downsized market in Niskayuna. The 40,000-square-foot store at 3429 State St. opened its doors in November 2013, the latest arrival in an area already saturated with supermarkets. A Price Chopper and a Target with a grocery department sit right across Balltown Road; a Hannaford and a Shoprite are directly north on Balltown Road; the Niskayuna Co-Op is right off Balltown Road; and there are Aldi supermarkets one mile west and three miles east on State Street/Central Avenue. A spokesman in 2013 told The Daily Gazette that the company wasn’t daunted by the crowded field -- it welcomed the competition and said it only makes Wal-Mart better. The Neighborhood Market sits in the Mansion Square shopping plaza, which is owned by Highbridge Development. It is by far the largest retailer in the plaza, which is named for the large historic home that in later years became part of the Ingersoll residence for senior citizens. When the senior home was moved to a new campus on Consaul Road, the former campus was converted to the shopping plaza. The mansion itself was lifted off its foundation and moved across the lot. It was later moved again and converted into a bank. Keene said the retail giant remains committed to its Neighborhood Market model, designed to be quicker and more convenient than the massive Supercenter format. There are now several hundred locations, he said. Wal-Mart has a large presence in New York, with more than 110 Wal-Mart and Sam’s Club locations, including three near the soon-to-be-shuttered Neighborhood Market. Others are in Albany, Glenville and Rotterdam. In 2016, the retail giant opened two new stores and remodeled six statewide. It also opened an employee training facility in Batavia. It plans to remodel 12 New York stores this year. Keene said the company has notified the Niskayuna store's employees and the town of its decision to close. A manager at Highbridge did not respond to a request for comment for this story. View Comments Hide Comments Related Content Foss: Why did man die in police custody? State police combing through evidence in Schenectady custody death Police believe same man behind 4 Schenectady heists Schenectady leaders tout aid increase ahead of school budget vote Schenectady High senior killed in Thruway crash SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE PIN EMAIL Premium Content Editorial: Investigate fraudulent payments 7:54 PM Foss: Why did man die in police custody? 7:12 PM Wallpaper company offers unique look into past  6:10 PM Dwight Yoakam and band produce rapid-fire, fun songs 2:46 PM Stay up-to-date with the Daily Gazette's PM Edition The latest news delivered directly to your inbox every day at 2 p.m. Email Address Most read in News Wal-Mart to shut its Neighborhood Market in Niskayuna Police believe same man behind 4 Schenectady heists Schenectady school cleared after evacuation over note found Schenectady High senior killed in Thruway crash Where Rivers Casino revenues stand after 3 months The locally owned voice of the capital region Facebook Twitter Instagram Google Plus Pintrest RSS The Daily Gazette Co. 2345 Maxon Rd Ext. PO Box 1090 Schenectady, NY 12301 Get Directions (518) 374-4141 © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service Learn more about the Daily Gazette Advertise with the Daily Gazette Services Contact Us Activate Online Access Missed Delivery Vacation Stop FAQ Advertise Careers Place a classified ad E-Edition Subscribe Update Daily Gazette Newsletter Preferences Quick Links Ask a Doc Fun & Games Area Legislators Places of Worship Closings Weather TV Listings All Blogs & Columns Submit a Letter Buy Photos Other Publications & Events 50+ Living Expo Your Niskayuna Your Clifton Park CapRegion Pets Footer menu © 2017 The Daily Gazette Privacy Policy Terms of Service You have 0 articles 1 articles 2 articles 3 articles 4 articles 5 articles 6 articles 7 articles remaining of Daily Gazette free premium content. You have reached your monthly premium content limit. Continue to enjoy Daily Gazette premium content by becoming a subscriber. Start here Already a subscriber? Log In
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Wrestling Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Volleyball Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com Walmart sued by pregnant workers Posted on May 15, 2017 at 2:20 PM Two Walmart employees have filed suit against the company saying requests to make accommodations during their pregnancies were ignored.(File photo/Gulflive.com) By Leada Gore lgore@al.com , lgore@al.com Two former Walmart employees have filed suit against the country's largest retailer, accusing them of ignoring the accommodation requests made by pregnant workers. The proposed class action lawsuit was filed in federal court in Illinois on Friday by a pair of Walmart employees who said the company ignored requests by pregnant women while granting accommodations to workers with disabilities, Reuters reported. If expanded, the class could include as many as 50,000 women who worked at Walmart while pregnant during the time the retailer's former policies were in place. The suit alleges Walmart's old policy violated federal law requiring employers to treat pregnancy as a temporary disability and provide accommodations for such things are heavy lifting or climbing ladders. The U.S. Supreme Court ruled in 2015 that employers must treat pregnant workers the same as those with other disabilities or medical conditions. Walmart denies the claims. Wal-Mart's pregnancy policies "have always fully met or exceeded both state and federal law," spokesman Randy Hargrove said. "Walmart is a great place for women to work." You can read the complete story here. View Comments About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Scroll down to content Posts Posted on 16 May 2017 Maritime Engineers Tend to Expeditionary Fast Transport Vessel’s Needs MARSEILLES, France, May 15, 2017 — The USNS Trenton is a unique ship — one of only eight expeditionary fast transport vessels in the Military Sealift Command’s inventory. Compared to other ships, expeditionary fast transport vessels are smaller and more agile. This allows them to carry 600 tons for 1,200 nautical miles at an average speed of 35 knots. The unique mission of these vessels and their smaller size means their engineering teams deal with a wide range of issues. Busy Engineers “Every day is something different — there’s no monotony,” said Michael Keefe, the Trenton’s chief engineer. “You don’t get bored because there’s always a new mission or something different that needs to be repaired or fixed.” When it comes to troubleshooting and fixing problems, Keefe said the team on an expeditionary fast transport vessel has to be versatile and willing to learn. A limited team of nine means there’s no specialization among the engineers. “My team is one of the best I’ve ever worked with — they’re a group of self-starters and don’t have to be micromanaged,” Keefe said. “They’re not afraid to work on different things and learn new skills. On a ship like this you have to have more initiative because we don’t specialize. If you see something that is wrong — you need to start figuring out how to fix it.” Trenton rides rougher in the water, which means the team has to plan maintenance accordingly. “Some jobs that might only take one person on a bigger ship, takes two on Trenton for safety reasons,” Keefe said. Over the past 16 years with Military Sealift Command, Keefe has worked on seven different platforms and said communication within the class is vital for mitigating issues. This sharing of information allows engineers to make informed decisions and take preventative measures. Sharing Information “Nothing major has come up that wasn’t expected,” Keefe said. “The engineers across the expeditionary fast transport program share information and talk really well. For this reason, we usually know what issues might arise and what preventive measures we can take.” Assisting in supervising the team is Keefe’s first engineer, Morris Williams, who has more than 13 years with the organization. His job involves training, reviewing data and ensuring daily operations run smoothly. “A typical day involves checking the daily operations, reviewing logs and ensuring the machines are running the way they’re supposed to be,” Williams said. “We know the temperatures and levels all of our equipment should be running around. I’m able to review the data electronically and identify anomalies or levels that are out of the normal constraints. If we find something, then we look at why the data is off and determine if a fix is necessary.” For a majority of the issues that arise, the team is capable of fixing the problems. Occasionally the work is extensive, or beyond the scope of what the team is able to do aboard the ship. When this happens, the work is contracted out during a port visit or dry dock period. That doesn’t mean the engineering team gets a break, though. ‘We’re Right There Watching’ “If we can’t fix it, we communicate with shore-side to get the parts or expertise necessary to make sure the ship keeps moving,” Keefe said. “Even when something is contracted out, we’re right there watching to make sure the work is being done correctly.” For the vessel’s maintenance program, a yearly dry dock period is required so the ship can receive a complete overhaul. Trenton recently finished up this process in Marseilles, France, and is now back operating in the Mediterranean Sea. Williams grew up in Danville, Virginia, and has been with Military Sealift Commandmore than 13 years. The father of five girls — ages 18, 17, 16, 12 and 10 — he worked his way up from an entry-level position with the organization. “I came in as steward utility and worked for the supply department,” Williams said. “During my free time, I would go down to the engine room for on-the-job training. This gave me the opportunity to get familiar with engineering systems and how they operate. It only took me about six months before I was able to transition into the engine room in an entry-level position. After schooling with MSC, I became a refrigeration engineer.” Williams is thankful Military Sealift Commandrealized his potential and invested in his training and career development. He brings a wealth of knowledge to Trenton’s engineering team, having served on many different platforms over the years. ‘I’ve Grown to Really Enjoy It’ “I’ve worked on many different platforms — from hospital ships to the USS Mount Whitney. I think the only big platform I haven’t spent time on is an oiler,” Williams said. “The crew is smaller than the bigger ships, but I’ve grown to really enjoy it. This is my first time sailing as a first engineer, so it’s a good way to ease into management. Supervising the smaller crew on a unique platform is not too challenging but interesting.” Williams said he enjoys the security he has working for Military Sealift Command, and takes pride in how closely connected he is to the Navy. Sergey Amosov, the Trenton’s second engineer, was born in Russia and grew up in Turkmenistan, where he studied mechanical engineering. He graduated at age 25 and came to the U.S. where he found a job with a construction company. After a couple of years in New York, Amosov decided to head to Louisiana and work off-shore on a supply boat. Amosov tried to join the Navy after more than 20 years sailing with the private sector, but was past the age requirements for service. He decided Military Sealift Commandwas his next best option to fulfill his desire to serve the country he’d grown to love. ‘I Feel Like I’m Contributing to the Warfighter’ “Working with MSC got me exactly what I was looking for when I tried to join the Navy,” Amosov said. “I feel like I’m contributing to the warfighter and I take pride in that. I still think the Navy would be a better fit for me, but MSC is great.” The Trenton is the first Military Sealift Commandship for Amosov, and he’s part of the original crew. “Trenton is a learning process because it’s the newest ship in the class and only a couple years old,” Amosov said. “There are problems that arise that I’ve never been dealt with before and I have to work with the team to figure out solutions. You don’t see that very often on your older ships — most of the time when you hear a noise, you already know what the problem is and how to fix it. That’s not the case with Trenton, which makes the job both exciting and frustrating at the same time.” Amosov is the new father of a little girl, and he says his family is what keeps him motivated and working hard at sea. “I know I have to provide for her and ensure she has a good future — I know I can do that with MSC,” he said. Joseph Blair, the Trenton’s third engineer, grew up in Kingsley, Michigan, and attended the Great Lakes Maritime Academy. He’s been with Military Sealift Commandfor more than two years and on Trenton for over a year. Blair’s journey reads like a novel, full of perfectly placed coincidences that defined his career path and future. He considers himself very fortunate considering he had no idea what he wanted to do after high school. Blair’s story starts with his dad searching for a truck. After months of scouring the ads and looking online, his dad found one that was perfect. He showed up to purchase the truck and the owner was John Burke, head of admissions at Great Lakes Maritime Academy. Burke told Blair’s dad his son needed to come see the program. “My dad, being a good dad, kept pushing me to go check it out,” Blair said. “After some pestering, I finally decided to go check it out for myself.” Blair set up an interview with Burke to visit the campus. Blair remembers the beauty of the campus, but he wasn’t impressed with the classroom instruction. Discovering a Career “When we got to the part where he showed me the State of Michigan, which is the training ship, he took me on a quick tour and then stopped in the engine room. He said he was going to leave me there and give me a chance to just check it out,” Blair recalled. “As soon as I walked into the engine room, I knew I had found the career I was going to spend the rest of my life doing. There were dials, buttons, screens, and I didn’t know what any of it meant, but I knew I wanted to know how all of it worked. It was the first time in my life I had that ‘ah-ha’ moment.” Blair went home and started working on his admission paperwork. When he first started at the academy, Military Sealift Commandgave a presentation during a job fair for the new students. They also conducted interviews with students getting ready to graduate. Just like with the engine room, Blair was immediately attracted to to the command without even having much exposure to the maritime field. “I didn’t sail as a cadet with MSC, but I knew they would probably be a good fit for me,” Blair said. “I didn’t choose MSC immediately after graduation because I wanted to work with the unions first.” That decision also proved to be pivotal to Blair, who realized his first instinct was probably the best. “I was stuck doing night work in Texas and not really enjoying what I was doing,” he said. “After about four months, I applied for a job with MSC. Six months later I was starting the onboarding process.” Blair’s first ship was a fleet replenishment oiler, the USNS John Lenthall. While there, he learned about the Joint High Speed Vessel program from one of his friends and did a ship-to-ship transfer. “The best part about the JHSV program is MSC spends over a month training you on this particular class of vessel,” Blair said. “It really helps, because it is so unique from the other ships in our inventory. I was very impressed with the training process and felt it helped tremendously. “The crew here is great and there is a ton of good quality work,” he added. “There is always something to do, and for someone like me who likes to stay busy, it’s a great fit. Since we don’t specialize, I get the opportunity to work on just about everything.” Justin Langan, the Trenton’s third engineer, is from upstate New York and attended the State University of New York Maritime College. He’s been with Military Sealift Commandfor almost a year. He found out about the organization through one of his friends who is currently a second engineer on the USNS Grapple, an MSC Service Support Rescue and Salvage ship. ‘I Like the Trenton’ “I like the Trenton and working for MSC, in general,” Langan said. “I think going to the maritime academy, and then coming out to a program like the expeditionary fast transport, puts me well ahead of my peers.” Langan grew up around engines and rebuilt his first dirt-bike motor when he was 14. He enjoys the engineering team and the amount of training he receives with the organization. For the self-described country boy from New York, Military Sealift Commandis a great fit for his interests. “I would tell anyone currently undecided about what they want to do that they need to expand what they see and look for other opportunities,” Langan said. “If I would have stayed at home, I’d probably be working on a farm right now. Instead I’m out seeing the world and doing something I really enjoy.” In his short time as a mariner, Langan has already visited France, Spain, Greece, Italy, Iceland, Ireland and other places. Posted on 16 May 2017 OpenXのプログラマティックダイレクトが500%以上成長 ロサンゼルス & ニューヨーク–(BUSINESS WIRE)–（ビジネスワイヤ） — プログラマティック広告マーケットプレイスを創造する世界的リーダー企業であるOpenXは本日、プログラマティックダイレクト事業の大幅な成長を発表しました。OpenXのプログラマティックダイレクトの売上高が前年比で500%以上増加し、同期間に200社以上の新たなパブリッシャーが追加されました。昨年、プログラマティックダイレクトのCPMは20%近く増加し、1日のスペンドは4倍以上になりました。 プライベートマーケットプレイス（PMP）では、バイヤーはより多くの独占的なプレミアム在庫にアクセスでき、特定の基準に沿ってその在庫を大規模に購入できます。具体的には、マルチパブリッシャーPMP取引では、バイヤーは1つの取引IDで複数のパブリッシャーにアクセスでき、重視するコンテンツや基準に合わせて厳選されたパッケージを実現できます。パブリッシャーはPMP取引を通じてインプレッションの真の価値を実現し、CPMを大幅に増加させています。 OpenXプログラマティックダイレクト事業の要点は次の通りです。 PMPを表示したインプレッションの35～50%はエクスチェンジで増分となり、バイヤーはより多くのプレミアム在庫にアクセスでき、パブリッシャーはさらなる売上を獲得。 OpenX PMPの落札率はオープンオークションでの落札率の2倍。 OpenXは、スケールレベルで最も多くのマルチパブリッシャーPMP需要を誇る。 The Trade Deskのティム・シムズ在庫パートナーシップ担当副社長は、次のように述べています。「私たちは、マルチパブリッシャー取引でのカスタマイズレベルを評価しています。PMPを通じて得られるカスタムパッケージは本質的に、プログラマティックで大規模に活用できる直接取引です。The Trade DeskとOpenXは、品質に対する取り組みで共通しています。これらの取引により、今後も引き続き広告主はより大規模にターゲットオーディエンスにリーチできると確信しています。」 インターマーケッツのプログラマティック戦略担当副社長のエリック・レキダン氏は、次のように述べています。「以前は利用できなかったスペンドにプログラマティックにアクセスできるようになったことと、Real Time Guaranteedの進化に伴いより良い予測の知見を今後も継続して得られることは、私たちにとって大きな魅力です。業界は、プログラマティックダイレクトに向かっています。これまでにOpenXで達成した成果に本当に満足しています。業界が保証付き取引への移行を続ける中で、協力を続けていきたいと思います。」 OpenXのプログラマティックダイレクト・アドサーバー担当ゼネラルマネジャーのポール・スターンヘルは、次のように述べています。「ブランドセーフでターゲットを絞った大規模な在庫の必要性やプログラマティックの効率性を考えれば、保証された取引への需要は急激に増加すると期待できます。プログラマティックダイレクトのプレミアムな性質はリッチメディア取引にも最適で、マルチフォーマットの採用が増えることを期待しています。今後数カ月にわたり、私たちはパートナーと緊密に協力し、プログラマティックダイレクト・マーケットプレイスの拡大と、パブリッシャーとバイヤーをつなぐより効率的なツールの構築を継続していきます。」 OpenXについて OpenXは、デジタルメディア企業の経済的可能性を最大化することに傾注しています。当社はこの実現に当たり、あらゆるスクリーンに表示されるすべての広告でパブリッシャーおよび広告主に最適な価値を提供すべく設計されたデジタル広告マーケット／テクノロジーを創造することに取り組んでいます。 OpenXでは、大規模な広告マーケットプレイスを企画・運営する上での独自の経験を有するチームを構築しています。当社は、マーケットデザイン、革新的なテクノロジー、オペレーショナルエクセレンス、親身的なパートナーサービスを融合し、デジタル広告の最前線にてこれらを適用することに当社同様に大きな魅力を感じ、思慮に富み、創造力を持った実践者を常に求めています。 http://www.openx.com @openx 本記者発表文の公式バージョンはオリジナル言語版です。翻訳言語版は、読者の便宜を図る目的で提供されたものであり、法的効力を持ちません。翻訳言語版を資料としてご利用になる際には、法的効力を有する唯一のバージョンであるオリジナル言語版と照らし合わせて頂くようお願い致します。 Posted on 16 May 2017 HFF completes sale of 520 Post Oak Boulevard in Houston Printer-friendly version HOUSTON, TX – May 15, 2017 – Holliday Fenoglio Fowler, L.P. (HFF) announced today that it has completed the sale of 520 Post Oak Boulevard, a 155,147-square-foot, boutique office building in Houston’s Galleria submarket. HFF worked on behalf of the sellers, balandis real estate AG and Griffin Partners. The project was sold to Griffin Partners Office Fund III.  balandis AG was advised by EII Realty Corp. 520 Post Oak Boulevard is situated in the heart of Post Oak Park in Houston’s Galleria submarket, a location that boasts unparalleled freeway connectivity via Loop 610, Interstate 10 and Interstate 69; access to more than 35 Fortune 1000 HQ within a 15 minute drive; direct access to Houston’s premier residential neighborhoods and an extensive retail amenity base, including River Oaks District, Highland Village, Uptown Park, BLVD Place and The Galleria Mall.  The eight-story building is 90.1 percent leased to a diverse roster of tenants in the real estate, financial, professional services, energy and transportation service industries.  The HFF investment sales team representing the seller was led by senior managing director Danny Miller and associate John Indelli. About Griffin Partners Griffin Partners, Inc. is an owner and operator of commercial real estate properties throughout Arizona, Colorado, North Carolina, and Texas with a current portfolio of 4.5 million square feet valued at over $750 million. Griffin Partners was formed in 1980, and its six senior principals average over 26 years of diverse real estate experience. Griffin Partners has acquired, developed, or managed over 11.7 million square feet of office, retail, and light industrial property since its founding, valued at over $1.6 billion.  This asset was purchased by Griffin Partners Office Fund III (“Fund III”), its 3rd investment since its inception in June 2016.  Fund III now owns 715,000 square feet in three assets totaling over $128 million in asset value. About HFF Holliday Fenoglio Fowler, L.P., HFF Real Estate Limited (collectively, “HFF”), HFF Securities L.P. and HFF Securities Limited (collectively, “HFFS”) are owned by HFF, Inc. (NYSE: HF). HFF and its affiliates operate out of 24 offices and are a leading provider of commercial real estate and capital markets services to the global commercial real estate industry. HFF, together with its affiliates, offers clients a fully integrated capital markets platform including debt placement, investment sales, equity placement, funds marketing, M&A and corporate advisory, loan sales and loan servicing. For more information please visit hfflp.com or follow HFF on . Holliday Fenoglio Fowler, L.P. acting by and through Holliday GP Corp, a Texas licensed real estate broker.    Copy this html code to your website/blog to embed this press release. <br />
<a href=”http://www.pressreleasepoint.com/hff-completes-sale-520-post-oak-boulevard-houston” class=”active”>HFF completes sale of 520 Post Oak Boulevard in Houston</a><br />
 Posted on 16 May 2017 Global Automakers Announces New VP of Vehicle Safety and Connected Automation WASHINGTON, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire-USNewswire/ — Auto industry veteran Steve Gehring has joined the Association of Global Automakers (Global Automakers) as its Vice President of Vehicle Safety and Connected Automation.  Under this newly created position, Gehring will lead the Association’s efforts on auto safety, connected and self-driving vehicle policies.  „With the auto industry in the midst of a technological evolution, we are thrilled to have a proven leader like Steve join our team,” said John Bozzella, president and CEO of Global Automakers.  „Mobility is changing and Steve’s extensive background in the automotive policy space will support our members’ efforts to deliver advanced vehicle safety technologies to consumers.” Steve Gehring is the Association of Global Automakers’ new Vice President of Vehicle Safety and Connected Automation. With over 25 years of experience in various engineering and management positions at „intelligent” transportation organizations and major carmakers, Gehring comes to Global Automakers after serving as Director of Public Policy for Vehicle Safety at General Motors.  Gehring has a strong track record working on both traditional historical areas of auto safety and with emerging new safety technologies. „This was the right time in my career to begin working with the broader industry to advance some of the most cutting-edge lifesaving technologies,” said Gehring. „I am excited to join an organization that represents leaders in automobile technology, safety and manufacturing.” Gehring holds a B.S. from Kettering University and a M.S. from the University of Michigan. He lives in Maryland with his family and serves on Mothers Against Drunk Driving (MADD) national board of directors. The Association of Global Automakers represents the U.S. operations of international motor vehicle manufacturers, original equipment suppliers, and other automotive-related trade associations. We work with industry leaders, legislators, and regulators to create the kind of public policy that improves vehicle safety, encourages technological innovation, and protects our planet. Our goal is to foster a competitive environment in which more vehicles are designed and built to enhance Americans’ quality of life. For more information, visit www.globalautomakers.org. Contact: Annemarie Pender 202.650.5548 | apender@globalautomakers.org To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/global-automakers-announces-new-vp-of-vehicle-safety-and-connected-automation-300457996.html SOURCE Association of Global Automakers Related Links http://www.globalautomakers.org Posted on 16 May 2017 Global Stem Cell Assay Market – know about Basic Influencing Factors by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application studied in New Research report 2017 “Global Stem Cell Assay Market Research Report 2017″Purchase This Report by calling ResearchnReports.com at +1-888-631-6977. New Research Report, focuses on the global Stem Cell Assay market, and answers the most critical questions stakeholders are currently facing across the globe. Information about the size of the market (by the end of the forecast year), companies that are most likely to scale up their competitive abilities, leading segments, and challenges impeding the growth of the market are given. Get Sample Copy Of this Report @: http://www.researchnreports.com/request_sample.php?id=71834 For a stronger and more stable business outlook, the report on the Global Stem Cell Assay market carries key projections that can be practically studied. The research on the global market will be useful to investors, regularity authorities, and policy makers, state the analysts. Independent research institutions, commercial entities, and non-profit organization in this sector can also benefit from the report. This study estimates the factors that are boosting the development of the Global Stem Cell Assay market. On the basis of key principles segments such as end-users, application, product, technology, and region are surveyed comprehensively of the global market. The thorough examination has been done in this report to bring about the share and position of global market. In the report, the complete analysis of the growth revenue is offered. Global Stem Cell Assay Market Report 2017 Various factors are responsible for the market’s growth trajectory, which are studied at length in the report. In addition, the report lists down the restraints that are posing threat to the global Stem Cell Assay market. It also gauges the bargaining power of suppliers and buyers, threat from new entrants and product substitute, and the degree of competition prevailing in the market. The influence of the latest government guidelines is also analyzed in detail in the report. It studies the Stem Cell Assay market’s trajectory between forecast periods. Get Discount on This Report @: http://www.researchnreports.com/ask_for_discount.php?id=71834 Reasons for Buying Stem Cell Assay Market Research Report: The report also implements primary and secondary research techniques for gathering the most crucial pieces of professional information, and applies a number of industry-best techniques upon the data for projecting the future state of the Global Stem Cell Assay market. Based on current market development, the report includes an analysis of how activities such as mergers and shapes the market’s future. Stem Cell Assay market is also explained to the clients as a holistic snapshot of a competitive landscape within the given competitive forecast period. A comparative analysis of regional players and segmentations, which helps readers get a better understanding of the areas and resources with better understanding. Complete Report Available @: https://www.researchnreports.com/pharma-healthcare/Global-Stem-Cell-Assay-Market-Research-Report-2017-71834 Table of Contents Global Stem Cell Assay Market Report 2017 Global Stem Cell Assay Market Research Report 2017 Chapter 1 Stem Cell Assay Market Overview Chapter 2 Global Economic Impact on Industry Chapter 3 Global Market Competition by Manufacturers Chapter 4 Global Production, Revenue (Value) by Region Chapter 5 Global Supply (Production), Consumption, Export, Import by Regions Chapter 6 Global Production, Revenue (Value), Price Trend by Type Chapter 7 Global Market Analysis by Application Chapter 8 Manufacturing Cost Analysis Chapter 9 Industrial Chain, Sourcing Strategy and Downstream Buyers Chapter 10 Marketing Strategy Analysis, Distributors/Traders Chapter 11 Market Effect Factors Analysis Chapter 12 Global Market Forecast (2017-2021) About Research N Reports:                                                                                 Research N Reports is a new age market research firm where we focus on providing information that can be effectively applied. Today being a consumer driven market, companies require information to deal with the complex and dynamic world of choices. Where relying on a sound board firm for your decisions becomes crucial. Research N Reports specializes in industry analysis, market forecasts and as a result getting quality reports covering all verticals, whether be it gaining perspective on current market conditions or being ahead in the cut throat Global  competition. Since we excel at business research to help businesses grow, we also offer consulting as an extended arm to our services which only helps us gain more insight into current trends and problems. Consequently we keep evolving as an all-rounder provider of viable information under one roof. Contact us: Mr. Sunny Denis Contact No. +1-888-631-6977 sales@researchnreports.com (ResearchnReports) Posted on 16 May 2017 Global Emergency Light Conversion Kit Market 2017: Knightsbridge, Laituo, Howtim, Kunsen and Malon Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 05/15/2017 — A market study based on the ” Emergency Light Conversion Kit ” across the globe, recently added to the repository of Market Research, is titled ‚Global Emergency Light Conversion Kit Market 2017’. The Research report by QY Research Group is a market-oriented, technical, and commercial research analysis of the Emergency Light Conversion Kit market. The analysis is completed using a wide range of secondary sources, databases and directories in order to identify and assemble market data. Primary sources included for the analysis include preferred suppliers, industry experts from core and associated industries, manufacturers, service providers, distributors, and organizations allied to the entire segments of the industry supply chain. CLICK HERE to Request Sample Report @ http://www.qyresearchgroup.com/report/122598#request-sample Analyses of the global Emergency Light Conversion Kit market trends along with the projections of CAGRs (compound annual growth rates) are provided in the research report. To estimate the overall market size of Emergency Light Conversion Kit, its application, and regions—in terms of value and volume—the bottom-up approach is followed. On the other hand, to corroborate the overall Emergency Light Conversion Kit market size—again in terms of value and volume—the top-down approach is followed. Following the method of data triangulation and data validation via primaries, the precise values of the parent market and individual market in terms of size are calculated and established in the report. This market research report provides the client with comprehensive market analysis of the Emergency Light Conversion Kit market over the forecast period. In addition, it also furnishes a general idea of the challenges, drivers, and restraints that have direct or indirect impact on the industry. It further highlights the market, the industry, and latest technology trends currently existing in the Emergency Light Conversion Kit market. All this precise, accurate and comprehensive data will help the clients to make appropriate and practical decisions so as to gain maximum profit in the global market. The research report analyzes, tracks, and presents the global market size of the major players in every region around the world. Furthermore, the report provides data of the leading market players in the Emergency Light Conversion Kit market. Browse FULL Report @ http://www.qyresearchgroup.com/market-analysis/global-emergency-light-conversion-kit-market-2017-industry.html Overall, the report is a one-stop destination and a valuation report to grab all the necessary information regarding the global Emergency Light Conversion Kit market. Posted on 16 May 2017 Global Thermoelectric Energy Harvesters Market 2017: Ferrotec, Gentherm, GreenTEG, Nextreme and Marlow Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 05/15/2017 — A market study based on the ” Thermoelectric Energy Harvesters ” across the globe, recently added to the repository of Market Research, is titled ‚Global Thermoelectric Energy Harvesters Market 2017’. The Research report by QY Research Group is a market-oriented, technical, and commercial research analysis of the Thermoelectric Energy Harvesters market. The analysis is completed using a wide range of secondary sources, databases and directories in order to identify and assemble market data. Primary sources included for the analysis include preferred suppliers, industry experts from core and associated industries, manufacturers, service providers, distributors, and organizations allied to the entire segments of the industry supply chain. CLICK HERE to Request Sample Report @ http://www.qyresearchgroup.com/report/122601#request-sample Analyses of the global Thermoelectric Energy Harvesters market trends along with the projections of CAGRs (compound annual growth rates) are provided in the research report. To estimate the overall market size of Thermoelectric Energy Harvesters, its application, and regions—in terms of value and volume—the bottom-up approach is followed. On the other hand, to corroborate the overall Thermoelectric Energy Harvesters market size—again in terms of value and volume—the top-down approach is followed. Following the method of data triangulation and data validation via primaries, the precise values of the parent market and individual market in terms of size are calculated and established in the report. This market research report provides the client with comprehensive market analysis of the Thermoelectric Energy Harvesters market over the forecast period. In addition, it also furnishes a general idea of the challenges, drivers, and restraints that have direct or indirect impact on the industry. It further highlights the market, the industry, and latest technology trends currently existing in the Thermoelectric Energy Harvesters market. All this precise, accurate and comprehensive data will help the clients to make appropriate and practical decisions so as to gain maximum profit in the global market. The research report analyzes, tracks, and presents the global market size of the major players in every region around the world. Furthermore, the report provides data of the leading market players in the Thermoelectric Energy Harvesters market. Browse FULL Report @ http://www.qyresearchgroup.com/market-analysis/global-thermoelectric-energy-harvesters-market-2017-industry-trends.html Overall, the report is a one-stop destination and a valuation report to grab all the necessary information regarding the global Thermoelectric Energy Harvesters market. Posted on 16 May 2017 NZ dollar little changed after overnight gain Tuesday, 16 May 2017, 11:53 am Article: BusinessDesk Tuesday 16 May 2017 08:45 AM NZ dollar little changed after overnight gain on commodity price strength; dairy auction looms By Jonathan Underhill May 16 (BusinessDesk) – The New Zealand dollar was little changed, having climbed overnight only to reverse track, as prices of crude oil and other commodities rose and traders looked ahead to tonight’s dairy auction. The kiwi traded at 68.76 US cents as at 8am in Wellington, after rising to 69.17 cents overnight, from 68.73 cents late yesterday. The trade-weighted index was at 74.82 from 74.88. Oil futures rallied as Saudi Energy Minister Khalid Al-Falih and his Russian counterpart, Alexander Novak, met in Beijing and said that an agreement on production cuts should be extended through the first quarter of 2018. The CRB Index of 19 commonly traded commodities reached the highest in almost four weeks overnight before shedding some of its gains. However, whole milk powder futures traded on the NZX are pointing to a decline in the GlobalDairyTrade auction tonight, suggesting New Zealand’s commodity exposure isn’t as upbeat as for crude oil. „Near-term direction may well be dictated by broader commodity price sentiment (oil bounced overnight), but particularly whether NZ’s commodity basket can continue to outperform,” said Philip Borkin, senior economist at ANZ Bank New Zealand, in a note. Traders will also be watching for the release of the Reserve Bank of Australia’s latest policy meeting minutes today. The kiwi edged up to 53.33 British pence from 53.25 pence. The local currency slipped to 62.61 euro cents from 62.86 cents and gained to 78.23 yen from 77.91 yen. It traded at 92.73 Australian cents from 92.85 cents and fell to 4.7396 yuan from 4.7417 yuan. (BusinessDesk) ends © Scoop Media Independent, Trustworthy New Zealand Business News The Wellington-based BusinessDesk team led by former Bloomberg Asian top editor Jonathan Underhill and Qantas Award-winning journalist and commentator Pattrick Smellie provides a daily news feed for a serious business audience. Posted on 16 May 2017 Global Spark Ignition System Market 2017: Delphi Automotive LLP, Continental AG and BorgWarner Inc. Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 05/15/2017 — A market study based on the ” Spark Ignition System ” across the globe, recently added to the repository of Market Research, is titled ‚Global Spark Ignition System Market 2017’. The Research report by QY Research Group is a market-oriented, technical, and commercial research analysis of the Spark Ignition System market. The analysis is completed using a wide range of secondary sources, databases and directories in order to identify and assemble market data. Primary sources included for the analysis include preferred suppliers, industry experts from core and associated industries, manufacturers, service providers, distributors, and organizations allied to the entire segments of the industry supply chain. CLICK HERE to Request Sample Report @ http://www.qyresearchgroup.com/report/122606#request-sample Analyses of the global Spark Ignition System market trends along with the projections of CAGRs (compound annual growth rates) are provided in the research report. To estimate the overall market size of Spark Ignition System, its application, and regions—in terms of value and volume—the bottom-up approach is followed. On the other hand, to corroborate the overall Spark Ignition System market size—again in terms of value and volume—the top-down approach is followed. Following the method of data triangulation and data validation via primaries, the precise values of the parent market and individual market in terms of size are calculated and established in the report. This market research report provides the client with comprehensive market analysis of the Spark Ignition System market over the forecast period. In addition, it also furnishes a general idea of the challenges, drivers, and restraints that have direct or indirect impact on the industry. It further highlights the market, the industry, and latest technology trends currently existing in the Spark Ignition System market. All this precise, accurate and comprehensive data will help the clients to make appropriate and practical decisions so as to gain maximum profit in the global market. The research report analyzes, tracks, and presents the global market size of the major players in every region around the world. Furthermore, the report provides data of the leading market players in the Spark Ignition System market. Browse FULL Report @ http://www.qyresearchgroup.com/market-analysis/global-spark-ignition-system-market-2017-industry-trends.html Overall, the report is a one-stop destination and a valuation report to grab all the necessary information regarding the global Spark Ignition System market. Posted on 16 May 2017 Global Non-Integrated Compact Fluorescent Lamp Market 2017: Sylvania, Osram, Neutral, Facom and Narva Deerfield Beach, FL — (SBWIRE) — 05/15/2017 — A market study based on the ” Non-Integrated Compact Fluorescent Lamp ” across the globe, recently added to the repository of Market Research, is titled ‚Global Non-Integrated Compact Fluorescent Lamp Market 2017’. The Research report by QY Research Group is a market-oriented, technical, and commercial research analysis of the Non-Integrated Compact Fluorescent Lamp market. The analysis is completed using a wide range of secondary sources, databases and directories in order to identify and assemble market data. Primary sources included for the analysis include preferred suppliers, industry experts from core and associated industries, manufacturers, service providers, distributors, and organizations allied to the entire segments of the industry supply chain. CLICK HERE to Request Sample Report @ http://www.qyresearchgroup.com/report/122618#request-sample Analyses of the global Non-Integrated Compact Fluorescent Lamp market trends along with the projections of CAGRs (compound annual growth rates) are provided in the research report. To estimate the overall market size of Non-Integrated Compact Fluorescent Lamp, its application, and regions—in terms of value and volume—the bottom-up approach is followed. On the other hand, to corroborate the overall Non-Integrated Compact Fluorescent Lamp market size—again in terms of value and volume—the top-down approach is followed. Following the method of data triangulation and data validation via primaries, the precise values of the parent market and individual market in terms of size are calculated and established in the report. This market research report provides the client with comprehensive market analysis of the Non-Integrated Compact Fluorescent Lamp market over the forecast period. In addition, it also furnishes a general idea of the challenges, drivers, and restraints that have direct or indirect impact on the industry. It further highlights the market, the industry, and latest technology trends currently existing in the Non-Integrated Compact Fluorescent Lamp market. All this precise, accurate and comprehensive data will help the clients to make appropriate and practical decisions so as to gain maximum profit in the global market. The research report analyzes, tracks, and presents the global market size of the major players in every region around the world. Furthermore, the report provides data of the leading market players in the Non-Integrated Compact Fluorescent Lamp market. Browse FULL Report @ http://www.qyresearchgroup.com/market-analysis/global-non-integrated-compact-fluorescent-lamp-market-2017.html Overall, the report is a one-stop destination and a valuation report to grab all the necessary information regarding the global Non-Integrated Compact Fluorescent Lamp market. Posts navigation Page 1 Page 2 … Page 46,897 Next page Search Recent Posts Maritime Engineers Tend to Expeditionary Fast Transport Vessel’s Needs OpenXのプログラマティックダイレクトが500%以上成長 HFF completes sale of 520 Post Oak Boulevard in Houston Global Automakers Announces New VP of Vehicle Safety and Connected Automation Global Stem Cell Assay Market – know about Basic Influencing Factors by Manufacturers, Regions, Type and Application studied in New Research report 2017 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Huawei Introduces Feature-Rich 7" Android MediaPad Tablet For Under $90 Ideal for Any Age Group; Available Exclusively at Walmart Locations and Walmart.com News provided by Huawei 15 May, 2017, 14:21 ET Share this article PLANO, Texas, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Huawei is set to introduce its latest MediaPad Android tablet, model T3-7, exclusively at over 2,300 Walmart locations across the U.S. as well as at Walmart.com. The ultra-slim, feature-rich, super-fast 7" unit is designed to provide hours of play, entertainment, and information for all age groups. The Huawei T3-7 is available now in Walmart stores and online for $89. "This is the first Huawei tablet to be available in Walmart locations," said Robin Zhu, President, Huawei Device USA. "We are delighted to offer Walmart customers a great value on our MediaPad T3-7 tablet, especially during this busy gift-giving season loaded with graduations, Father's Day, and weddings." Features, Features, and More Features The Huawei MediaPad T3-7 tablet is ultra-slim at just 0.34" thick and weighs only 8.6 ounces. It has a vibrant 7" IPS display with an ultra-narrow 0.24" bezel design. With the latest generation, ultra-fast 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz Wi-Fi technology, users will always enjoy a rush of data, wherever they are. A long-life battery provides hours of power. An Android 6.0 operating system makes everything run smoothly.  The MediaPad T3-7 tablet is a perfect companion for all age levels. Fully customizable user modes control what functions are available to the user, keeping children safe and entertained, and older users from being distracted. Easy-to-use 2MP front and back-facing cameras come in handy on trips, at sporting events, or capturing anything that catches the eye. And there's plenty of memory to store those videos and photos with 16GB built-in and an expandable SD card slot that supports up to 128GB more. Virtual wide speaker and virtual loudness provide great sound quality. "We are impressed with the inherent value of the Huawei MediaPad T3-7 Android tablet," commented Raj Shankaran, Walmart senior buyer for tablets. "We believe our shoppers will be impressed with its many features and great price, whether they purchase it to give as a gift or use themselves."     About Huawei Consumer BG  Huawei's products and services are available in more than 170 countries, and are used by a third of the world's population, ranking third in the world in mobile phone shipments in 2016. Sixteen R&D centers have been set up in the United States, Germany, Sweden, Russia, India, and China. Huawei Consumer BG is one of Huawei's three business units and covers smartphones, mobile broadband devices, home devices and cloud services. Huawei's global network is built on 20 years of expertise in the telecom industry and is dedicated to delivering the latest technological advances to consumers around the world. For more information, please visit: http://consumer.Huawei.com/. For more information, visit Huawei Consumer BG online: consumer.huawei.com/us. For regular updates on Huawei Consumer BG, follow us on:  Facebook: facebook.com/HuaweiMobileUS  Twitter: twitter.com/HuaweiDeviceUSA  Google+: plus.google.com/+HuaweiDeviceUSA  YouTube: youtube.com/user/HuaweiDeviceUSA  Instagram: instagram.com/huaweideviceusa Media contacts:  Raphel Finelli  Huawei Device USA  Raphel.finelli@huawei.com  408-667-5970 Natalie Sauvé High Road for Huawei Device USA Natalie.Sauve@highroad.com  613-688-1187 To view the original version on PR Newswire, visit:http://www.prnewswire.com/news-releases/huawei-introduces-feature-rich-7-android-mediapad-tablet-for-under-90-300457651.html SOURCE Huawei Related Links http://www.huawei.com 15 May, 2017, 14:48 ET Preview: A Huawei e o Aeroporto Internacional Hamad formam uma parceria estratégica de co-inovação 15 May, 2017, 10:43 ET Preview: Huawei and Hamad International Airport Enter into a Strategic Partnership for Co-Innovation My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source 15 May, 2017, 14:48 ET Huawei y el Aeropuerto Internacional Hamad acuerdan una... 15 May, 2017, 14:48 ET A Huawei e o Aeroporto Internacional Hamad formam uma parceria... Explore More news releases in similar topics Retail Computer Electronics New Products & Services You just read: Huawei Introduces Feature-Rich 7" Android MediaPad Tablet For Under $90 News provided by Huawei 15 May, 2017, 14:21 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact PR Newswire 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Contact Us General Inquiries Request a Demo Editorial Bureaus Partnerships Media Inquiries Worldwide Offices Solutions Cision Communications Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Czech Denmark Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Norway Poland Portugal Russia Slovakia Spain Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News español português Česko Danmark Deutschland España France Italia Nederlands Norge Polska Portugal Россия Slovensko Sverige Suomi Phone 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat All contact info Send a Release Log In
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Huawei Introduces Feature-Rich 7″ Android MediaPad Tablet For Under $90 Ideal for Any Age Group; Available Exclusively at Walmart Locations and Walmart.com PLANO, Texas, May 15, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- Huawei is set to introduce its latest MediaPad Android tablet, model T3-7, exclusively at over 2,300 Walmart locations across the U.S. as well as at Walmart.com. The ultra-slim, feature-rich, super-fast 7" unit is designed to provide hours of play, entertainment, and information for all age groups. The Huawei T3-7 is available now in Walmart stores and online for $89. "This is the first Huawei tablet to be available in Walmart locations," said Robin Zhu, President, Huawei Device USA. "We are delighted to offer Walmart customers a great value on our MediaPad T3-7 tablet, especially during this busy gift-giving season loaded with graduations, Father's Day, and weddings." Features, Features, and More Features The Huawei MediaPad T3-7 tablet is ultra-slim at just 0.34" thick and weighs only 8.6 ounces. It has a vibrant 7" IPS display with an ultra-narrow 0.24" bezel design. With the latest generation, ultra-fast 2.4 GHz and 5 GHz Wi-Fi technology, users will always enjoy a rush of data, wherever they are. A long-life battery provides hours of power. An Android 6.0 operating system makes everything run smoothly.  The MediaPad T3-7 tablet is a perfect companion for all age levels. Fully customizable user modes control what functions are available to the user, keeping children safe and entertained, and older users from being distracted. Easy-to-use 2MP front and back-facing cameras come in handy on trips, at sporting events, or capturing anything that catches the eye. And there's plenty of memory to store those videos and photos with 16GB built-in and an expandable SD card slot that supports up to 128GB more. Virtual wide speaker and virtual loudness provide great sound quality. "We are impressed with the inherent value of the Huawei MediaPad T3-7 Android tablet," commented Raj Shankaran, Walmart senior buyer for tablets. "We believe our shoppers will be impressed with its many features and great price, whether they purchase it to give as a gift or use themselves."     About Huawei Consumer BG  Huawei's products and services are available in more than 170 countries, and are used by a third of the world's population, ranking third in the world in mobile phone shipments in 2016. Sixteen R&D centers have been set up in the United States, Germany, Sweden, Russia, India, and China. Huawei Consumer BG is one of Huawei's three business units and covers smartphones, mobile broadband devices, home devices and cloud services. Huawei's global network is built on 20 years of expertise in the telecom industry and is dedicated to delivering the latest technological advances to consumers around the world. For more information, please visit: http://consumer.Huawei.com/. For more information, visit Huawei Consumer BG online: consumer.huawei.com/us. For regular updates on Huawei Consumer BG, follow us on:  Facebook: facebook.com/HuaweiMobileUS  Twitter: twitter.com/HuaweiDeviceUSA  Google+: plus.google.com/+HuaweiDeviceUSA  YouTube: youtube.com/user/HuaweiDeviceUSA  Instagram: instagram.com/huaweideviceusa Media contacts:  Raphel Finelli  Huawei Device USA  Raphel.finelli@huawei.com  408-667-5970 Natalie Sauvé High Road for Huawei Device USA Natalie.Sauve@highroad.com  613-688-1187 SOURCE Huawei CategoriesUncategorized TagsComputer/ Electronics, New Products/Services, Retail Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Epoxy Adhesive for Automotive Market Analysis and In-depth Research on Market Size, Trends, Emerging Growth Factors and Regional Forecasts to 2022 Next PostNext iOM 3.x Dubai 09102017 Search Recent Posts Lubricant Additives Market 2017: Top Countries, Manufacturers, Types and Applications Enter Becomes the First Italian ISP to Launch a New Point of Presence in Sparkle’s Sicily Hub 5G Market Wireless Ecosystem Trends, Industry Challenges and Barriers: 2017-2030 We run Marathon: Kharkiv International Marathon 2017 United States Gyratory Crusher Market Driving Factors, Key Players, Analysis, Investment Feasibility and Trends RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Revealed: Free Stuff and Great Bargain Adventures for People Over 50 (Free Report) Home | Street Talk Tags: Amazon | Worth | Twice | Wal-Mart Recode: Amazon Now Worth Twice as Much as Wal-Mart By Newsmax Wires   |   Monday, 15 May 2017 01:28 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    It took Amazon 18 years as a public company to catch Wal-Mart Stores in market value, but it took less than another two years for Amazon to be worth twice as much. On the 20th anniversary of its IPO, Amazon’s market capitalization stands at $459 billion while retail rival Walmart’s is at about $228 billion, Recode reported. Meanwhile, AFP reports that Wal-Mart, the 800-pound gorilla of retail, is running hard to catch up in an increasingly crucial segment where it is neither the biggest nor the best: e-commerce. The company, founded in 1962 by Sam Walton, has been gobbling up smaller and niche players in e-commerce in an effort to reach online shopping market leader Amazon. Whether those efforts are paying off will be a focal point when Wal-Mart Stores reports quarterly earnings on Thursday. A bit more than half of all funds spent online in the United States now goes to Amazon, according to the bank Macquarie. Part of Amazon's success stems from its breadth of offerings, which includes the Kindle that people use for reading and the Prime service that broadcasts popular television shows, said Krista Fabregas, e-commerce staff writer at FitSmallBusiness.com. "It's because Amazon has been doing such a great job at injecting itself into our everyday life," she told AFP. "Wal-Mart is not part of everyday life, nor is Macy's, nor is Gap, nor the other stores. We don't have a connection with any of them throughout the day." (Newsmax wire services and Reuters and Bloomberg contributed to this report). Related Stories: Amazon Moving to Create Uber-Like Service for Trucking Industry Amazon Uses Self-Driving Technologies to Drive Self-Service Stores Charles Sizemore: Amazon About 'to Upend the Grocery Industry' Social Media Is Killing Traditional Retailers Starbucks CEO Sees 'Seismic Change' in Retail © 2017 Newsmax Finance. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share StreetTalk It took Amazon 18 years as a public company to catch Wal-Mart Stores in market value, but it took less than another two years for Amazon to be worth twice as much. Amazon, Worth, Twice, Wal-Mart 254 Monday, 15 May 2017 01:28 PM 2017-28-15 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented US, China Agree to First Trade Steps Under 100-day Plan Friday, 12 May 2017 | 24 comments I agree its time Bill Clinton went away and took the master crook Hillary... Employers Beware: About 63 Percent of U.S. Workers Are Open to Leaving Monday, 15 May 2017 | 18 comments And yet, we still have 36.7% of working age adults without jobs. Maybe we... Zell: 'Extraordinary Opportunity' for Trump to Revive Economy Obama Killed Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 14 comments Yes...if he can get the Republicans to focus on what's right for the... ACA Exchanges Grow Thinner with Aetna Leaving for 2018 Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 14 comments Where was any discussion of Medical Coverage before Muslim-Care (OK... More Price Hikes Likely for Obamacare Insurance Markets Saturday, 13 May 2017 | 12 comments Heh, Barack, Antsy Nancy, Dumb Chuck, did you notice this is just like one... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Speedy Hire PLC reiterated as Buy By Liberum Capital NewRiver Retail Ltd (LON:NRR) Receives Buy Rating From Liberum Capital Analysts Tharisa Plc (LON:THS) Receives Buy Rating From Peel Hunt Analysts Dairy Crest Group PLC (LON:DCG) Receives Hold Rating From Whitman Howard Analysts Shares Of Victrex PLC (LON:VCT) Rated As Neutral By Analysts At JP Morgan Cazenove Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Published On: Mon, May 15th, 2017 Analysts Price Targets | By Claire Barratt Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) Receives Buy Rating From Jefferies & Co Analysts Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) had its stock rating indicated as ‘Buy’ in a report released by analysts at Jefferies & Co. Jefferies & Co today set a target price of 88 on the company’s stock. According to the analyst this now indicates there is a potential increase of 15.55% from Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s current price of 76.16. Over the last twelve months Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s stock price has increased by 0% from 0.00 to 76.16. There are currently 3,033,009,000 shares in issue with a current share value of 76.16 giving Wal-Mart Stores Inc a market capitalisation of 230.98B USD . Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) has a 50 day moving average of 73.85 and a 200 day moving average of 70.63. The 52 week high for the share price is 77.05 while the 52 week low for the stock is 62.72. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. The Walmart International segment consists of the Company’s operations outside of the United States, including various retail Websites. The Walmart International segment includes various formats divided into three categories: retail, wholesale and other. These categories consist of various formats, including supercenters, supermarkets, and warehouse clubs, such as Sam’s Clubs, cash and carry, home improvement, specialty electronics, apparel stores, drug stores and convenience stores, as well as digital retail. The Sam’s Club segment includes the warehouse membership clubs in the United States, as well as samsclub.com. More from Reuters » Receive Wal-Mart Stores Inc News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Related News Speedy Hire PLC reiterated as Buy By Liberum Capital NewRiver Retail Ltd (LON:NRR) Receives Buy Rating From Liberum Capital Analysts Tharisa Plc (LON:THS) Receives Buy Rating From Peel Hunt Analysts Dairy Crest Group PLC (LON:DCG) Receives Hold Rating From Whitman Howard Analysts Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter: Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Meet The Team | Terms & Conditions | About Us | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
Speedy Hire PLC reiterated as Buy By Liberum Capital NewRiver Retail Ltd (LON:NRR) Receives Buy Rating From Liberum Capital Analysts Tharisa Plc (LON:THS) Receives Buy Rating From Peel Hunt Analysts Dairy Crest Group PLC (LON:DCG) Receives Hold Rating From Whitman Howard Analysts Shares Of Victrex PLC (LON:VCT) Rated As Neutral By Analysts At JP Morgan Cazenove Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Published On: Mon, May 15th, 2017 Analysts Price Targets | By Claire Barratt Analysts At Sanford C. Bernstein Maintained Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) As Neutral Today analysts at Sanford C. Bernstein maintained Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s (NYSE:WMT) shares as ‘Neutral’ in a report released to investors. According to Sanford C. Bernsteins price target of 75 on the company’s stock this indicates the broker now believes there is a decrease of -1.52% from Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s current price of 76.16. In the last year Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s stock price has increased by 0% from 0.00 to 76.16. The number of Wal-Mart Stores Inc shares in issue is 3,033,009,000 which have a current share price of 76.16 bringing Wal-Mart Stores Inc’s market capitalisation to 230.98B USD. The 52 week high of shares in Wal-Mart Stores Inc is 77.05 while the 52 week low for the company’s shares is 62.72. The businesses 50 day moving average is 73.85 and its 200 day moving average is 70.63. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. The Walmart International segment consists of the Company’s operations outside of the United States, including various retail Websites. The Walmart International segment includes various formats divided into three categories: retail, wholesale and other. These categories consist of various formats, including supercenters, supermarkets, and warehouse clubs, such as Sam’s Clubs, cash and carry, home improvement, specialty electronics, apparel stores, drug stores and convenience stores, as well as digital retail. The Sam’s Club segment includes the warehouse membership clubs in the United States, as well as samsclub.com. More from Reuters » Receive Wal-Mart Stores Inc News & Ratings Via Email - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter. Related News Speedy Hire PLC reiterated as Buy By Liberum Capital NewRiver Retail Ltd (LON:NRR) Receives Buy Rating From Liberum Capital Analysts Tharisa Plc (LON:THS) Receives Buy Rating From Peel Hunt Analysts Dairy Crest Group PLC (LON:DCG) Receives Hold Rating From Whitman Howard Analysts Free Email Newsletter Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for your stocks with MarketBeat's FREE daily email newsletter: Home Business Economy Technology Entertainment Markets World Meet The Team | Terms & Conditions | About Us | Privacy Policy | Contact Us
Home Latest Pakistan World Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports Business Videos TV Shows GEO URDU Watch Live Geo Asool HOME LATEST PAKISTAN WORLD Entertainment Sci-Tech Sports BUSINESS VIDEOS TV SHOWS SCHEDULE GEO URDU Watch Live Hot Topics Panama Leaks Dawn leaks MisYou Mardan lynching Kulbhushan Jadhav Champions Trophy Print Story X Print Story Home / business / Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce | By  AAFP | May 15, 2017 Business 0 0 Wal-Mart Stores, the 800-pound gorilla of retail, is running hard to catch up in an increasingly crucial segment where it is neither the biggest nor the best: e-commerce. The company, founded in 1962 by Sam Walton, has been gobbling up smaller and niche players in e-commerce in an effort to reach online shopping market leader Amazon. Whether those efforts are paying off will be a focal point when Wal-Mart Stores reports quarterly earnings on Thursday. A bit more than half of all funds spent online in the United States now goes to Amazon, according to the bank Macquarie. Part of Amazon's success stems from its breadth of offerings, which includes the Kindle that people use for reading and the Prime service that broadcasts popular television shows, said Krista Fabregas, e-commerce staff writer at FitSmallBusiness.com. "It's because Amazon has been doing such a great job at injecting itself into our everyday life," she told AFP. "Wal-Mart is not part of everyday life, nor is Macy's, nor is Gap, nor the other stores. We don't have a connection with any of them throughout the day." Shopping spree Wal-Mart has been doing some shopping of its own, in an effort to make up ground against Amazon. It spent $3.3 billion last year to buy Jet.com, which was started by e-commerce entrepreneur Marc Lore, whose previous company was sold to Amazon for $550 million. Lore is now chief executive of Walmart eCommerce US, where he oversees 15,000 employees split between Silicon Valley, Boston, Omaha and Bentonville, Arkansas, where Wal-Mart is based. His annual salary at $237 million is 10 times that of Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon. In less than five months, Lore has directed Wal-Mart to a number of acquisitions, including Shoebuy.com ($70 million), ModCloth ($45 million) and MooseJaw ($51 million). Wal-Mart is also in talks to acquire the menswear chain Bonobos for $300 million, according to a person close to the matter. Part of Wal-Mart's objective is to become a go-to place online for "essential" products, such as toilet paper, beauty products, groceries and holiday gifts and children's toys. "We are focusing on the type of products that customers buy most," said Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. "We want to make sure that we have the best prices, shipping to your home or offering a pickup discount." Wal-Mart in February scrapped a subscription delivery program that was a rival to Amazon Prime in favor of a guarantee of free two-day shipping for orders of more than $35. Under the program, customers can also pick up orders free if they go to one of Wal-Mart's 4,700 US stores. Amazon keeps edge These efforts may cut into Amazon's lead in e-commerce, but overtaking Amazon appears unlikely anytime soon. "They have invested heavily on channels. It will restore growth that was necessary for survival," said Keith Anderson of e-commerce analytics firm Profitero. "I don't see anything that suggests that Wal-Mart would catch up to Amazon or beat Amazon, but it's still very early," he said. The vigour of Wal-Mart's online investments today contrasts with its initial reticence in e-commerce, which was due to worries that growth of online shopping would cut into sales at brick-and-mortar stores. Wal-Mart also was slow to introduce platforms for individual vendors who sought a venue for goods and did not introduce such an online marketplace until 2015, much after Amazon. Hannah Donoghue, director of advisory at Planet Retail RNG, said it is still relatively early in the game as far as e-commerce. Amazon is "the strongest right now, they are far ahead but there are a lot of innovations underway," Donoghue said. "I don't think Amazon will be the only one. There will be another strong player." For now, Wall Street is giving the edge to Amazon, valuing the technology giant at $453 million, compared with Wal-Mart's $230 million. That's in spite of Wal-Mart's far greater overall revenues, which were $485.9 billion in 2016, more than 11 times those of Amazon. 0 0 Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce was posted in business of Geo TV - https://www.geo.tv on May 15, 2017 and was last updated on May 15, 2017. This news story is related to Business, Business News, Geo News, Latest Business News. Permanent link to the news story "Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce" is https://www.geo.tv/latest/141826-Wal-Mart-pushing-hard-to-catch-Amazon-in-e-commerce. More From Business: May 16, 2017 MSCI upgrades Pakistan to Emerging Markets Index May 16, 2017 IMF tells Berlin to act now to reduce trade surplus May 15, 2017 PSX touches new all-time high ahead of MSCI announcement May 14, 2017 ADB committed to transform Asia, Pacific into an oasis of sustainable development May 14, 2017 China pledges $124 billion for new Silk Road as champion of globalization May 14, 2017 Chinese banks to lend 380 billion yuan to support Belt and Road cooperation May 13, 2017 State Bank grants banking licence to Bank of China May 13, 2017 US nears $100 billion arms deal for Saudi Arabia: White House official Latest News 24 minutes ago Each penny from China is being spent carefully: CM Punjab 28 minutes ago Pakistan has immense potential for investors, says PM during visit to Alibaba HQ 33 minutes ago Prime Minister to arrive in Hong Kong on three-day official visit today 46 minutes ago SpaceX launches Inmarsat communications satellite 1 hour ago Misbah - the greatest captain Pakistan ever had 1 hour ago Researchers see possible North Korea link to global cyber attack GEO TV NETWORK Geo Super Sports Channel Har Pal Geo Geo Entertainment Geo Kahani Geo Kahani MULTIMEDIA Geo News Live Video Schedule Program Profiles RSS CORPORATE About Us Privacy Policy & Terms of Use Advertising Guide Faq Distribution Corporate Profile Booking Status Faq (General) GEO TV Satellite Parameters OTHERS Career Geo Talent Contact Us SOCIAL Copyright © GEO TV, All rights reserved Back to top
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Deals & Coupons News and weather for: [change] Nation Tuesday, May 16, 2017    Last update: 2 a.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Maine Focus News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland Wal-Mart accused of discriminating against thousands of pregnant women Print Email Share Tweet DANIEL BECERRIL | REUTERS A Wal-Mart sign is pictured at one of their stores in Monterrey, Mexico, April 26, 2017. By Daniel Wiessner, Reuters Posted May 15, 2017, at 1:10 p.m. Two former Wal-Mart Stores Inc. employees have filed a lawsuit accusing the retailer of treating thousands of pregnant workers as “second-class citizens” by rejecting their requests to limit heavy lifting, climbing on ladders and other potentially dangerous tasks. The proposed class action lawsuit was filed in federal court in Illinois on Friday by Talisa Borders and Otisha Woolbright, who say that until 2014, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart had a company-wide policy that denied pregnant women the same accommodations as workers with other disabilities. The class could include at least 20,000 women and possibly up to 50,000 who worked at Wal-Mart while pregnant before the policy change, according to the lawsuit. A Wal-Mart spokesman Monday said the company had not seen the lawsuit and did not have any comment. Borders and Woolbright said Wal-Mart’s old policy violated a federal law requiring employers to treat pregnancy as a temporary disability and provide work accommodations to pregnant women. The U.S. Supreme Court, in a 2015 case involving United Parcel Service, said employers cannot treat pregnant workers differently from those with other disabilities or medical conditions. Wal-Mart, the largest private U.S. employer, changed its policy in 2014 to treat pregnancy as a disability. But lawyers for the plaintiffs in the lawsuit say the changes did not go far enough, and they were planning a separate lawsuit involving the new policy. Woolbright says her manager at a Florida Wal-Mart told her pregnancy was “no excuse” for not doing heavy lifting. She says she was fired from her job in the deli department after injuring herself lifting trays that weighed up to 50 pounds and inquiring further about the company’s pregnancy policies. Borders, who worked at an Illinois Wal-Mart, says she was reprimanded for asking co-workers to climb ladders and lift heavy boxes while she was pregnant, and forced to go on unpaid leave. When she returned, she says, she was paid $2 less per hour.   SEE COMMENTS → News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Jordan’s Snack Bar up for sale Evidence in welfare fraud case may have been forged, attorney says After this massacre, Portland was abandoned for 26 years Trump revealed highly classified information to Russians, officials say Maine man sentenced to 14 years in prison after traveling to Massachusetts to sexually assault Maine press needs to make truth louder than LePage lies Venezuela: Drifting toward civil war Statewide teacher contract would help rural Maine Trump’s review of ‘election integrity’ threatens to formalize voter suppression How the chaotic Trump news cycle confuses and misinforms the public Former UMaine star earns coaching promotion at Boston University Warriors rally to win opener after Spurs lose Leonard High School Football: Scheduling Done Right in 2017 Update On Marine Corp Purple Heart Recipient from Episode 82 UMaine overcame multiple setbacks in drive to softball title game ACADIA ON MY MIND Acadia among 200 federal advisory committees abruptly suspended by Trump Administration BDN PORTLAND After this massacre, Portland was abandoned for 26 years THE DAILY SIMMER The Family Dog in Orono changes ownership, retains menu; new owner will sell food trucks LANCE DUTSON Maine press needs to make truth louder than LePage lies THE BDN BUZZ Woman sues Confederate group after Sir Camelot the camel bit her at Jefferson Davis’ old house The Family Dog in Orono changes ownership, retains menu; new owner will sell food trucks Miss USA calls health care a ‘privilege,’ sparks debate during pageant How kelp might save the planet As the world spins, here Downeast we wait and wait some more Giving Our Children the World Top Stories Jordan’s Snack Bar up for sale Trail cams capture unseen magic of wildlife in Maine’s woods Trump revealed highly classified information to Russians, officials say Evidence in welfare fraud case may have been forged, attorney says Already financially stressed, Maine caregivers fear Medicaid cuts in AHCA Similar Articles 6.6.2014 Maine communities saying no to Wal-Mart abatement requests 10.5.2016 How Wal-Mart plans to transform the way we buy groceries 7.11.2015 Wal-Mart suppliers grapple with ‘Made in USA’ label challenge 7.22.2012 Wal-Mart pushes Web sales tax as Washington clout grows 8.6.2015 Unintended consequence of Wal-Mart’s raise: unhappy workers More in Nation   On the campaign trail, Trump was very worried about revealing America’s secrets   Trump revealed highly classified information to Russians, officials say   A congressman said making a man get maternity insurance was ‘crazy.’ A woman’s reply went viral.   Angus King: Voting equipment could see ‘sophisticated cyberattacks’ from Russia   Wal-Mart accused of discriminating against thousands of pregnant women Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Polling Explorer Live: U.S. Politics Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Media Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Workers say Wal-Mart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Mon May 15, 2017 | 2:33pm EDT Workers say Wal-Mart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women A logo of Walmart is seen in one of the stores in Monterrey, Mexico November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Daniel Becerril/File Photo By Daniel Wiessner Two former Wal-Mart Stores Inc employees have filed a lawsuit accusing the retailer of treating thousands of pregnant workers as “second-class citizens” by rejecting their requests to limit heavy lifting, climbing on ladders and other potentially dangerous tasks. The proposed class action lawsuit was filed in federal court in Illinois on Friday by Talisa Borders and Otisha Woolbright, who say that until 2014, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart had a company-wide policy that denied pregnant women the same accommodations as workers with other disabilities. The class could include at least 20,000 women and possibly up to 50,000 who worked at Wal-Mart while pregnant before the policy change, according to the lawsuit. The company in a statement provided by spokesman Randy Hargrove denied the women's claims and said Wal-Mart's pregnancy policies "have always fully met or exceeded both state and federal law." The company said a separate anti-discrimination policy it maintains has long listed pregnancy as a protected status. "Walmart is a great place for women to work," the company said. Borders and Woolbright say that Wal-Mart's old policy violated a federal law requiring employers to treat pregnancy as a temporary disability and provide work accommodations to pregnant women. The U.S. Supreme Court, in a 2015 case involving United Parcel Service, said employers cannot treat pregnant workers differently from those with other disabilities or medical conditions. Wal-Mart, the largest private U.S. employer, changed its policy in 2014 to treat pregnancy as a disability. But lawyers for the plaintiffs in the lawsuit say the changes did not go far enough, and they were planning a separate lawsuit involving the new policy. Woolbright says her manager at a Florida Wal-Mart told her pregnancy was “no excuse” for not doing heavy lifting. She says she was fired from her job in the deli department after injuring herself lifting trays that weighed up to 50 pounds and inquiring further about the company’s pregnancy policies. Borders, who worked at an Illinois Wal-Mart, says she was reprimanded for asking coworkers to climb ladders and lift heavy boxes while she was pregnant, and forced to go on unpaid leave. When she returned, she says, she was paid $2.00 less per hour. The case is Borders v. Wal-Mart Stores Inc, U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Illinois, No. 3:17-cv-00506. (Reporting by Daniel Wiessner in Albany, New York, Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi, Dan Grebler and Jonathan Oatis) Our Standards: The Thomson Reuters Trust Principles Next In Business News Ford to cut North America, Asia salaried workers by 10 percent: source WASHINGTON/DETROIT Ford Motor Co plans to shrink its salaried workforce in North America and Asia by about 10 percent as it works to boost profits and its sliding stock price, a source familiar with the plan told Reuters on Monday. U.S. home appliances shipments rise 13.7 percent year-on-year in April STOCKHOLM Deliveries of the six biggest categories of white goods (AHAM 6) in the United States rose 13.7 percent year-on-year in April, data from industry body Association of Home Appliance Manufacturers (AHAM) showed late on Monday. Japan urges Toshiba, Western Digital to get along as chip spat flares TOKYO Japan's government said on Tuesday it wanted Toshiba Corp and partner Western Digital Corp to cooperate, expressing concern about an escalating dispute between the two that threatens to upend the sale of Toshiba's chip unit. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the WebPromoted by Revcontent Trending Stories Pictures Photos of the day Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines | Careers Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines Cookies Terms of Use Privacy Policy
Search the print archives This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com Business Judge approves $7.5M settlement in Walmart same-sex benefits lawsuit A proposed settlement of $7 million (U.S.) would pay for claims by current and former Walmart associates in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. Walmart associate Jacqueline Cote said the company denied medical insurance for her wife.  (Jeff Chiu / The Associated Press)   By The Associated Press Mon., May 15, 2017 BOSTON—A federal judge in Boston has approved a $7.5 million class-action settlement between Wal-Mart and a former employee who challenged the retail chain’s lack of health insurance benefits for her same-sex spouse. The settlement would pay for claims by current and former Wal-Mart associates in the U.S. and Puerto Rico that they were unable to obtain health insurance for their same-sex spouses from 2011 to 2013. About 380 people have submitted claims. U.S. District Judge William Young approved the settlement Monday after a brief hearing in federal court in Boston. The lawsuit was initially filed in 2015 by Jacqueline Cote, a Wal-Mart associate from Massachusetts who said the company denied medical insurance for her wife. Bentonville, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart began offering benefits for same-sex spouses in 2014. Read more about: Walmart Article Continued Below Delivered dailyThe Morning Headlines Newsletter Subscribe The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th Floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6. You can unsubscribe at any time. Please contact us or see our privacy policy for more information. More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 13°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Air Maile catching Blue Jays’ and opponents’ attention Luke Maile’s arm, if not his bat, impresses Jays skipper and the catcher he’s keeping the job warm for. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: Bombardier Donald Trump Canada 150 Panama Papers Deadly Streets Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter YouTube Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store StarAuctions Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions The Toronto Star and thestar.com, each property of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited, One Yonge Street, 4th floor, Toronto, ON, M5E 1E6
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Target Could Have Acquired Jet.com And Boxed, But Decided Not To Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Target Could Have Acquired Jet.com And Boxed, But Decided Not To Image courtesy of Mike Mozart May 15, 2017 11:32 am EDT By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup off target on target target e-commerce targets e-commerce Recognizing that it needed to work on its e-commerce business, Walmart went on an acquisition spree, buying Jet.com and other existing businesses to build its online operations up very quickly. Target, it turns out, had the same opportunities to acquire its way into more robust online operations, but instead is sticking to basics and building its own online operations up. Until 2011, Target’s e-commerce business was handled by Amazon. When the retailer finally took its website back, things went very, very poorly, resulting in the exit of Target.com’s top executive after only a few months. In the years since, Target has had the chance to bolster its online operations through acquisitions, but the Wall Street Journal reports that the big box store has thus far opted to not purchase a number of high-profile websites. For example, Target took a look at Jet.com, the online retailer that Walmart purchased last year for $3.3 billion. According to the Journal, Target thought that was too high a price to pay for Jet. And while Jet.com sells everything from cotton swabs to home furnishings, Target apparently felt the site’s large focus on household goods (which often have a low profit margin) didn’t mesh with its e-commerce desire to sell higher-profit clothing and decor products. “We aren’t going to add products to our website and stores just because they exist,” Target’s chief information and digital officer, Mike McNamara, told the Wall Street Journal, clearly giving a sidelong glance at competitors Amazon, Walmart, and Sears. Another possible takeover target for Target was Boxed.com, another website with a primary focus on items for your pantry, bathroom, and laundry room — but in bulk. It’s not known why those discussions fell apart, but it’s worth noting that Target recently announced a test program called Restock, which — if it goes national — would compete with Boxed, Jet, Amazon Prime Pantry, and many others for that market of people looking to buy paper towels, soap, detergent, and canned tomatoes online. Target has tried some digital innovation. It started, then killed a third-party online marketplace and a prototype store, ultimately opting to get back to basics. It even killed off a partnership with the startup Curbside, but is working on its own curbside pickup service instead. Though these and other deals — including the possible purchase of grocery chain Sprouts — did not happen, Target execs tell the Journal that the company isn’t writing off the idea of growth through acquisition. “Thinking about possible mergers and acquisitions is something we do every day as a regular course of business,” explains McNamara, who adds that while retail is definitely heading toward an online future, people will be shopping “in stores for a long, long time.” May 15, 2017 By Laura Northrup@lnorthrup off target on target target e-commerce targets e-commerce Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related the honeymoon is over What Should Walmart Do Now That It’s Landed Jet.com? creating a retail rival 6 Things We Learned About Walmart’s Love-Hate Relationship With Online Sales one way to boost sales Report: Walmart In Talks To Buy Jet.com the other kind of deal Walmart Officially Acquiring Jet.com For $3 Billion focusing online Walmart Shuffles Staff To Take Online Sales Seriously… For Real This Time Previous Supreme Court Throws Out State Rule Protecting Nursing Home Residents From Having Rights Signed Away Next Waymo And Lyft Teaming Up To Work On Self-Driving Cars Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Waymo And Lyft Teaming Up To Work On Self-Driving Cars Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
This website requires Javascript to run correctly. Click here for help enabling it The New Zealand Herald 5:35pm Tue 16 May Network   ° 0 / ° 0   Loading… Help & Support The New Zealand Herald Bay of Plenty Times Hawke's Bay Today The Rotorua Daily Post The Northern Advocate Wanganui Chronicle Manawatu Guardian Kapiti News Hamilton News The Aucklander The Northland Age Stratford Press Herald Rugby Viva Dream Team Bite True Commercial Newspix Driven The Country Chinese NZ Herald nzherald.co.nz submit Navigation Home National National Insights NZ Herald Focus Education Crime Environment Politics Weather Opinion Maori Employment Quizzes Health Local Focus Opinion Opinion Financial Your Views Media Blogs Cartoons Living in NZ Editorial Travel Political Business Business Personal Finance Small Business Work Life Around NZ Our Experts Economy Deloitte 200 Industries Toolbox Property Tech Tech ICT News Internet Science Computers Wired Mobile Space Gadgets Innovation World World South America Videos Europe Climate Middle East Australia Africa Pacific Disasters Asia Strange but True USA Photos Sport Sport Sailing Rugby Golf Cricket Motorsport League Racing Football More Sport Netball Live Scores Basketball Dream Team Entertainment Entertainment Music Spy Games Celebrity Culture Reviews Sideswipe Video Puzzles TV Horoscope Movies Lifestyle Lifestyle Parenting Health & Wellbeing Design & Garden Food & Drink Viva Fashion & Beauty Canvas Relationships Pets & Animals Travel Travel International New Zealand Cruises NZ Walks Tips Australia Accommodation Pacific Queensland Escapes Rural Motoring Motoring Driven Property Property Residential Property Herald Homes True Commercial Classifieds Classifieds Public Notices True Commercial Businesses for Sale Motoring Sub Navigation Business Small Business Around NZ Economy Global Trade Retail Trade Industries Property Property News Businesses for Sale Herald Commercial Property Personal Finance Work Life Our Experts Deloitte 200 Toolbox Hearing set in Wal-Mart same-sex benefits settlement 3:35 AM Tuesday May 16, 2017 SHARE: Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn Not saved Email Print World BOSTON (AP) " A federal judge in Boston has scheduled a hearing in a class-action lawsuit by Wal-Mart employees who sued the retail chain for denying health benefits to their same-sex spouses. A proposed settlement of $7.5 million would pay for claims by current and former Wal-Mart associates in the U.S, and Puerto Rico that they were unable to obtain health insurance coverage for their same-sex spouses from 2011 to 2013. The lawsuit was initially filed in 2015 by Jacqueline Cote, an employee at a Massachusetts Wal-Mart. The suit said the Bentonville, Arkansas, company denied medical insurance for her wife. Wal-Mart began offering benefits for same-sex spouses in 2014. A fairness hearing is scheduled for Monday. Judges hold such hearings to determine whether the settlement should be approved as fair, reasonable and adequate. AP This story has been automatically published from the Associated Press wire which uses US spellings Email Print Get the news delivered straight to your inbox Receive the day’s news, sport and entertainment in our daily email newsletter SIGN UP NOW Loading Currency Compare and convert world currencies. Discover more Loading Herald Services Book your ad Driven Photos for sale True Commercial Death Notices Public Notices Our Regional News Stories The Northern Advocate Northland news in brief News snippets from around Northland Hawke's Bay Today Eight new classrooms on way for Havelock North schools Education minister Nikki Kaye announced the development of an Area Strategy for schools… Bay of Plenty Times The road to dictatorship Bryan Gould discusses the road to dictatorship. Our Features' Top Stories Driven The 8 weirdest features on the Toyota C-HR reviewed and ranked Toyota's edgy new crossover goes under the microscope ahead of its full road test... Viva Last chance: Win a $1000 Huffer shopping spree To mark 20 years of Huffer, one lucky reader has the chance to win a $1000 shopping spree… True Commercial Floors in Christchurch Carlton Butchery Two floors in well-known Carlton Butchery building is for sale. More from us Social and Platforms Facebook Twitter Google+ Youtube Instagram RSS Email Mobile Contact the site Contact the newsroom - newspaper Contact the newsroom - digital Send pics, video and tips Help & Support Feedback Advertising Advertise with NZME. Print advertising Online Classified advertising Other Photo sales Subscriber services Promotions Sponsorship About us Our publications Search Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use Competition Terms & Conditions View on our: Mobile Site © Copyright 2017, NZME. Publishing Limited Assembled by: (static) on production bpcf04 at 16 May 2017 19:00:26 Processing Time: 48ms
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: A Foolish Take: The Chart That Defines Wal-Mart Here's what makes Wal-Mart unique. John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) May 15, 2017 at 12:00PM Every company has a chart that defines it. The chart for Apple (NASDAQ:AAPL), for instance, would show iPhone sales -- their trend or the evolving share of revenue they account for. After all, the iPhone has made Apple the most valuable company in the world. That's what a defining chart is. It reflects the core or unique quality that's most responsible for a company's success. Few are more striking than Wal-Mart's (NYSE:WMT) defining chart. It compares the annual revenue of Wal-Mart to other large companies -- say, those on the S&P 500, which tracks the leading companies in the United States. Data source: YCharts.com. Chart by author. Despite the enormous size of these other companies, most of which have higher market caps than Wal-Mart, their annual revenues pale in comparison to the Arkansas-based retailer's. Wal-Mart's revenue over the last 12 months adds up to $486 billion. That's more than twice Apple's total revenue -- which, not to belabor the point, is the most valuable company in America. It's this stark contrast between sales and value that reflects Wal-Mart's core business model: Selling lots of stuff at everyday low prices. Offer from The Motley Fool: The 10 best stocks to buy now Motley Fool co-founders Tom and David Gardner have spent more than a decade beating the market. In fact, the newsletter they run, Motley Fool Stock Advisor, has tripled the S&P 500!* Tom and David just revealed their ten top stock picks for investors to buy right now. Click here to get access to the full list! *Stock Advisor returns as of 5/1/2017. John Maxfield has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Apple. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author John Maxfield (JohnMaxfield37) John has written for The Motley Fool since 2011. If you like what you see, then you should follow him on Twitter. Follow @OneMarlandRoad Article Info May 15, 2017 at 12:00PM Consumer Goods Stocks Apple NASDAQ:AAPL $155.70 down $0.40 (-0.26%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $76.29 up $0.58 (0.77%) Read More Wal-Mart Tries Its Hand at Stunt Food With the Crotilla Wal-Mart Has Its Own Take on Amazon's Dash Button The Next Stock Warren Buffett May Sell 3 Dividend Aristocrats Worth a Closer Look Is Wal-Mart's New E-Commerce Acquisition Strategy Any Better Than Its Old One? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current A Foolish Take: The Chart That Defines Wal-Mart @themotleyfool #stocks $AAPL, $WMT
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out Kitchener-Waterloo LIVE K-W More Streams Radio One Listen Live CBC News Canada CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video Canada Kitchener-Waterloo Video Woman spotted trying to steal cart full of items from Fergus Walmart Staff at the store recognized woman from a theft days before, police say CBC News Posted: May 15, 2017 10:59 AM ET Last Updated: May 15, 2017 10:59 AM ET Surveillance tape from the Walmart caught the woman trying to make off with a shopping cart with $651.55 worth of stolen items before falling down and running off. (OPP West/Twitter) Police are searching for a woman who attempted to steal a shopping cart full of items from a Walmart in Fergus, but fell down and ran off empty handed. Wellington County OPP said the woman was caught on surveillance footage trying to make off with a shopping cart with $651.55 worth of stolen items on April 26. In the footage, she's seen in the parking lot when she falls down, then runs away. Staff at the store told police they recognized the woman from a theft days before, where a suspect with a similar description took more than $2,400 of product from the Walmart. Wellington Cty OPP-seeking female shoplifting suspect and accomplices. Fergus Wal-mart 26APR17. Call police. Media-Joshua.cunningham@opp.ca pic.twitter.com/RYfXBM2ZyC— @OPP_WR The woman is described as a white female between the ages of 40 and 50 years old with long black hair. The suspect wears glasses and has a tattoo on her back. Police said in both cases, the woman was assisted by others – two men and three women. The men are believed to be between 20 and 30 years old. One has short dark hair and the second was seen wearing a red and white ball cap. The women are also believed to be white and between 20 and 30 years old. One is described as wearing all black and prone to concealing her face. The second woman has long black hair, while the third has long blond hair. Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Weather Severe weather warnings or watches in effect for: Tuesday Chance of showers 19°C Wednesday Sunny 29°C Thursday Chance of showers 26°C Friday Sunny 24°C Saturday Chance of showers 19°C More Weather Latest Kitchener-Waterloo News Headlines Q&A: Supply management still works, says Ontario dairy farmer read comments City of Guelph to dig through 5,000 residential waste carts Maud Lewis painting found in thrift shop enters final week of auction Police still searching for missing Brantford man Andrew Osborne Should Canadian Hearing Society interpreters be deemed 'essential services?' read comments Top News Headlines Trump revealed classified info to Russians in Oval Office: U.S. officials read comments Trudeau violated conflict guidelines amid KPMG probe, ethics advocacy group says Jagmeet Singh jumps into federal NDP leadership race, aiming to be prime minister read comments Phil Kessel's late heroics help Penguins even East final with Sens read comments video The global ransomware attack: How to respond and what else you should know video Don't Miss Trump revealed classified info to Russians in Oval Office: U.S. officials The Fifth Estate Trudeau violated conflict guidelines amid KPMG probe, ethics advocacy group says Ontario MPP Jagmeet Singh launches bid for federal NDP leadership Recap Phil Kessel's late heroics help Penguins even East final with Sens WannaCry ransomware: What you need to know 1.9 million Bell customer email addresses stolen by 'anonymous hacker' 'We cannot look to mainstream Canada to support us': Indigenous writers urge communities to reclaim own voices Rona Ambrose set to leave federal politics As It Happens How an anonymous 'hero' stopped Friday's cyberattack — and why we're not out of the woods yet Passenger bill of rights coming Tuesday will set national standard for air travel Condo clash: Court battles, forgery allegations and questions over who controls Toronto highrises Mortal Kombat co-creator Ed Boon gives Batman, Superman the video game treatment with Injustice 2 APPROPRIATION 'I invited these Indigenous writers ... and then I insulted them:' Hal Niedzviecki on appropriation uproar 'We were feeling like the hunted:' Wounded Mountie recalls Moncton shootings Softwood lumber aid package likely to go to cabinet Tuesday Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Revealed: Free Stuff and Great Bargain Adventures for People Over 50 (Free Report) Home | Companies Tags: Wal-Mart | Amazon | retail | e commerce Wal-Mart Pushing Hard to Catch Amazon in E-commerce Monday, 15 May 2017 10:40 AM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Wal-Mart Stores, the 800-pound gorilla of retail, is running hard to catch up in an increasingly crucial segment where it is neither the biggest nor the best: e-commerce. The company, founded in 1962 by Sam Walton, has been gobbling up smaller and niche players in e-commerce in an effort to reach online shopping market leader Amazon. Whether those efforts are paying off will be a focal point when Wal-Mart Stores reports quarterly earnings on Thursday. A bit more than half of all funds spent online in the United States now goes to Amazon, according to the bank Macquarie. Part of Amazon's success stems from its breadth of offerings, which includes the Kindle that people use for reading and the Prime service that broadcasts popular television shows, said Krista Fabregas, e-commerce staff writer at FitSmallBusiness.com. "It's because Amazon has been doing such a great job at injecting itself into our everyday life," she told AFP. "Wal-Mart is not part of everyday life, nor is Macy's, nor is Gap, nor the other stores. We don't have a connection with any of them throughout the day." Wal-Mart has been doing some shopping of its own, in an effort to make up ground against Amazon. It spent $3.3 billion last year to buy Jet.com, which was started by e-commerce entrepreneur Marc Lore, whose previous company was sold to Amazon for $550 million. Lore is now chief executive of Walmart eCommerce US, where he oversees 15,000 employees split between Silicon Valley, Boston, Omaha and Bentonville, Arkansas, where Wal-Mart is based. His annual salary at $237 million is 10 times that of Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon. In less than five months, Lore has directed Wal-Mart to a number of acquisitions, including Shoebuy.com ($70 million), ModCloth ($45 million) and MooseJaw ($51 million). Wal-Mart is also in talks to acquire the menswear chain Bonobos for $300 million, according to a person close to the matter. Part of Wal-Mart's objective is to become a go-to place online for "essential" products, such as toilet paper, beauty products, groceries and holiday gifts and children's toys. "We are focusing on the type of products that customers buy most," said Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. "We want to make sure that we have the best prices, shipping to your home or offering a pickup discount." Wal-Mart in February scrapped a subscription delivery program that was a rival to Amazon Prime in favor of a guarantee of free two-day shipping for orders of more than $35. Under the program, customers can also pick up orders free if they go to one of Wal-Mart's 4,700 US stores. These efforts may cut into Amazon's lead in e-commerce, but overtaking Amazon appears unlikely anytime soon. "They have invested heavily on channels. It will restore growth that was necessary for survival," said Keith Anderson of e-commerce analytics firm Profitero. "I don't see anything that suggests that Wal-Mart would catch up to Amazon or beat Amazon, but it's still very early," he said. The vigor of Wal-Mart's online investments today contrasts with its initial reticence in e-commerce, which was due to worries that growth of online shopping would cut into sales at brick-and-mortar stores. Wal-Mart also was slow to introduce platforms for individual vendors who sought a venue for goods and did not introduce such an online marketplace until 2015, much after Amazon. Hannah Donoghue, director of advisory at Planet Retail RNG, said it is still relatively early in the game as far as e-commerce. Amazon is "the strongest right now, they are far ahead but there are a lot of innovations underway," Donoghue said. "I don't think Amazon will be the only one. There will be another strong player." For now, Wall Street is giving the edge to Amazon, valuing the technology giant at $453 million, compared with Wal-Mart's $230 million. That's in spite of Wal-Mart's far greater overall revenues, which were $485.9 billion in 2016, more than 11 times those of Amazon. © AFP 2017 Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Companies Wal-Mart Stores, the 800-pound gorilla of retail, is running hard to catch up in an increasingly crucial segment where it is neither the biggest nor the best: e-commerce.The company, founded in 1962 by Sam Walton, has been gobbling up smaller and niche players in e-commerce... Wal-Mart, Amazon, retail, e commerce 655 Monday, 15 May 2017 10:40 AM 2017-40-15 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented US, China Agree to First Trade Steps Under 100-day Plan Friday, 12 May 2017 | 24 comments I agree its time Bill Clinton went away and took the master crook Hillary... Employers Beware: About 63 Percent of U.S. Workers Are Open to Leaving Monday, 15 May 2017 | 18 comments And yet, we still have 36.7% of working age adults without jobs. Maybe we... Zell: 'Extraordinary Opportunity' for Trump to Revive Economy Obama Killed Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 14 comments Yes...if he can get the Republicans to focus on what's right for the... ACA Exchanges Grow Thinner with Aetna Leaving for 2018 Thursday, 11 May 2017 | 14 comments Where was any discussion of Medical Coverage before Muslim-Care (OK... More Price Hikes Likely for Obamacare Insurance Markets Saturday, 13 May 2017 | 12 comments Heh, Barack, Antsy Nancy, Dumb Chuck, did you notice this is just like one... Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Careers | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad You picked on the wrong kid! High school bully is body slammed and pummeled by his classmate after throwing the first punch Get it together! Top Republicans tell the White House to stop its 'downward spiral' as they demand a 'full explanation' over claims Trump leaked 'highly-classified' intel to the Russians about ISIS laptop threat during Oval Office meeting Bill Cosby says racism could be to blame for his sexual assault lawsuits as he gives his first interview on the allegations in two years Has Pirates been pirated? Hackers threaten to release stolen upcoming Disney blockbuster unless studio pays massive ransom Three 'burglars' are killed after crashing their car into a pond during a high-speed police chase after 'robbing a Sprint store' University of Miami theater student, 22, dies in an Everglades airboat crash just one day after graduating top of her class White and black female travel companions accuse American Airlines of racism after African American woman is downgraded from first class while her friend was allowed to stay United changes its secret cockpit-door access codes after they were accidentally leaked online Man, 36, 'drenched in blood walks into a grocery store carrying his mother's severed HEAD on Mother's Day before stabbing an employee' Latin Kings gang member is sentenced to 49 years after stabbing beating his transgender girlfriend to death with a hammer Teacher resigns after penning a letter to the school paper quoting a Bible verse saying gay people 'deserve to die Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, just nine months after the mother-of-three divorced her husband Wife 'hired a hitman who shot her husband dead for a $900K life insurance policy after her plot to poison him failed' Ruth Madoff's new life in a tiny New England community after losing $80m worth of mansions, jewelry, cars and art and both her sons following her husband's $65bn Ponzi scheme  Horrifying security footage shows the moment a private jet carrying two people crashed and exploded into flames near a New Jersey airport How simply looking at pictures can make you feel itchy cold tired or dizzy: If you don't believe us try staring at these 'You hesitate, you die': Oklahoma cop says her police training was running through her mind as she shot dead an unarmed black man Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten with a baseball bat and bound by masked robbers at his home What will the world be like in a BILLION years? Experts predict raceless humans speaking a new language will live on an Earth where oceans have evaporated 'Earth 2.0' COULD be habitable: Climate model suggests Proxima B is likely to have perfect conditions to host alien life Live TV broadcast unwittingly shows the moment police shoot dead a fleeing suspect after he appears to point a weapon at them Researchers discover how ladybugs fold their wings and say the intricate mechanism could revolutionize everything from the umbrella to satellites The mysterious flashes of light coming from earth even NASA can't explain: Satellite captures strange glints How did he survive? Horrifying footage emerges of the moment a Navy trainee was sucked into the engine of a fighter jet during the Gulf War Previous Next Police officer spends $139 on groceries for teenage mom, 18, after she stole food to feed her family Sheena Davenport, 18, stole food to feed herself, her fiance and their daughter She was caught and had a court hearing last week in Dothan, Alabama In court, Dothan Police Officer Katrina Culbreath head Davenport's story  Culbreath took Davenport shopping, spending $139 on groceries for the family  By Ann Schmidt For Dailymail.com Published: 09:57 EDT, 15 May 2017 | Updated: 12:31 EDT, 15 May 2017 e-mail 47 shares 40 View comments A police officer bought groceries for a teenage mom who stole food to feed her family and now the mom has had a 'change in heart'. Sheena Davenport, 18, shoplifted from a Wal Mart in Dothan, Alabama, for herself, her fiance and their 17-month-old daughter almost a year ago. She was caught and had a court hearing last week. Dothan Police Officer Katrina Culbreath was there in the courtroom with Davenport and overheard the teen mom telling another woman the circumstances that led to her stealing.  Dothan Police Officer Katrina Culbreath, left, bought $139 in groceries for teenage mom Sheena Davenport, 18, right after Davenport had a court hearing last week for stealing food to feed her family  Davenport, left, stole groceries from a Wal Mart in Dothan, Alabama for herself, her fiance Logan McPherson, right, and their young daughter. McPherson had just lost his job and Davenport was unable to get a job herself without her GED or high school diploma Culbreath, pictured, said: 'I wanted her to know, I know how sometimes things just overcome us and we feel like we have hit rock bottom. I wanted her to know I knew how she felt, but nothing is never worth stealing' The mom and her fiance Logan McPherson, had just moved to Dothan because McPherson's company asked him to relocate, but he lost his job. Davenport couldn't find a job herself because she didn't have a high school diploma or her GED. She had to drop out of school when she had her daughter, according to the Dothan Eagle. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Bizarre moment a shirtless man accused of attempting to rob... Really, how low can you go? The shocking moment a woman is... Share this article Share She told the paper: 'I had to feed my family. We literally only had $5 to our name. That wasn't going to buy enough for three people. This was the worst day of my life.' She ended up stealing food for a couple of dinners and some snacks.   Culbreath said: 'I sat there and listened to the entire conversation and it hit me: I have been there. No, I haven’t stolen, but I do know how hard it can get trying to feed your family.' After Davenport's hearing last Monday, Culbreath took her grocery shopping at a Winn Dixie, pictured After Davenport finished her court paperwork and paid $700 in restitution and fines, according to the Dothan Eagle, Culbreath asked her to meet outside and then follow her. Culbreath drove to a Winn Dixie and told the teen mom she wanted to buy her groceries and diapers for her daughter.  The officer said: 'I wanted her to know, I know how sometimes things just overcome us and we feel like we have hit rock bottom. I wanted her to know I knew how she felt, but nothing is never worth stealing. 'I made it clear that day if she ever needed any food or clothes not to steal, find me. I will help you as much as I can. If I can’t, I will help her find someone who will.'  Davenport posted a picture of the two on Facebook after the grocery trip saying she had a 'change in heart' after the experience.  She wrote: 'She told me to grab a buggy and let's go shopping. Officer Katrina spent $139 on food for me, Logan McPherson and Skylar.  'After me telling her she didn't have to do it she started telling me her struggle and how she made it through.'  The post has since gone viral, with more than 2,000 shares since it was posted last Monday. Davenport has said she now wants to get her GED and hopes to get her cosmetology license one day. Culbreath is even helping her find information on GED classes.   At the end of Davenport's Facebook post, she wrote: 'This world may be jacked up y'all but there are still people out there to make a difference. And when my time comes I will pay it forward. Thank you again officer Katrina at Dothan police department.' She added: 'I made it clear that day if she ever needed any food or clothes not to steal, find me. I will help you as much as I can. If I can’t, I will help her find someone who will'  Davenport thanked Culbreath on Facebook, pictured, saying she had a 'change in heart' after Culbreath was so kind to her  Read more: Dothan police officer buys groceries for teen mom caught stealing | Local | dothaneagle.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 47 shares Most watched News videos Angry woman goes on racist tirade against couple fishing in her area Golfers watch on as huge alligator chows down on fish Daring shirtless man steals police vehicle in Houston Heartwarming mother-daughter pit bull reunion at ASPCA A man accused of theft is shot by police live on television Police in Baltimore discover toddler in car of man shot dead Curious bear gets scared off by doll when trying to open trashcan How satisfied do you feel after watching silicone being rolled? Passenger has pizza delivered to stalled Amtrak train First Marine Corps recruitment ad with female fighters Flames engulf synagogue in New York's Lower East Side Houston Rockets' kiss cam fail: Man gets friend-zoned in viral video Supreme Court sides with cop who handcuffed a boy, 13,... The only person arrested after a horrific 70-man brawl... Hong Kong rejects asylum for seven refugees who sheltered... Mexican businessman and his friends laugh as they SHOOT... Bizarre moment a shirtless man accused of attempting to... Trump's chief of staff lays down the law after White... 'You hesitate, you die': Oklahoma cop says her police... How did he survive? Horrifying footage emerges of the... Not bombing Syria' required 'the most political courage'... Live TV broadcast unwittingly shows the moment police... Four New York frat brothers plead guilty to voluntary... Filet on the fairway! Enormous alligator chows down on... It's ssssstuck! Python trying to swallow a goat whole... Man, 32, is charged with stabbing to death a South... Coke adds life! Man, 97, celebrates 80 years of working... World War Two speed boats! Incredible photographs show... Registered sex offender dubbed 'Dragon Emmetts' 'broke... Chelsea Manning will continue to receive health care and... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 40 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, nine months after divorcing from her husband Tying the knot Having her for dinner! David Foster, 67, seen 'grabbing and kissing' Katharine McPhee, 33, while eating out at posh restaurant in Malibu He is a grandfather-of-seven  Good enough to eat! Johnny Manziel takes a bite out of fiancee Bre Tiesi's peachy posterior in vacation snap 'I'm addicted to you' the 26-year-old wrote  Bling it on! A smiling Emily VanCamp shows off her engagement ring on the red carpet... just days after longtime boyfriend Josh Bowman proposed McKayla Maroney proudly takes credit for posting a racy video that sees her dancing in a THONG after fans thought the Instagram footage was hacked Ma-NO-los! Megyn Kelly puts on a brave smile despite wearing painful-looking $785 silver stilettos in first appearance with NBC colleagues 'Men are designed to spread their seed': Goldie Hawn reveals how she has 'forgiven' overattentive men throughout her Hollywood career PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taylor Swift heads home to Nashville to see her mom after retreating from spotlight in wake of feuds and break-ups  Hasn't been seen for a while 'I've been hiding myself': US women's soccer star Lauren Holiday shares first bandaged-up selfie after surgery to remove brain tumor discovered during her pregnancy Pippa's $130,000 crystal palace: Kate's little sister has a HUGE 140ft-long glass marquee shipped in from Belgium ready for her wedding  Bill Cosby says racism could be to blame for his sexual assault lawsuits as he gives his first interview on the allegations in two years Speaking out What a sweetheart! Ben Affleck and daughter Seraphina indulge in some after school ice cream  Enjoyed some father-daughter time Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten and bound by masked robbers at his home 'None of the women wanted anything to do with her': Andy Cohen says Phaedra Parks lost support from RHOA co-stars after 'date rape' rumor 'She's disgusted and concerned': Zoe Kravitz says mom Lisa Bonet 'didn't seem incredibly surprised' about Bill Cosby rape scandal Played Denise Huxtable  'I went to work with my dad': Miley Cyrus blames raunchy twerking phase on spending her teen years shooting Hannah Montana with father Billy Ray Sweet tooth! Scott Disick takes his children Mason and Penelope out for frozen yogurt in Calabasas He wore sunglasses and a gold necklace The first couple of Gotham! Morena Baccarin turns heads in see-through gown as she cuddles up to fiance Ben McKenzie at Fox Upfront event 'Beautiful, amazing thing': Adam Levine talks babies with Jesse Larson on The Voice after pregnancy reveal The 38-year-old singer talked babies  Bombs away! Charlie Hunnam touches down in Brazil for King Arthur premiere as mega budget movie fizzles at box office On the red carpet Anna Kendrick rocks skinny jeans and white jacket as she wheels her luggage through LAX after Mexican vacation with Pitch Perfect co-stars 'I feel guilty': Dieter Khloe Kardashian ashamed for taking a bite of Kim's pizza...but her older sister is unfazed as she also indulges in ice cream 'I was not a good example': Elle Macpherson urges Rosie Huntington-Whiteley to lose post-baby weight slowly after shedding hers in just THREE WEEKS Wigging out! Jamie Chung debuts blonde locks as she joins curly-haired Rumer Willis at the Fox Upfronts in New York The pair hugged A 'Complicated' conspiracy! Absurd theory that singer Avril Lavigne is DEAD and has been replaced by a body-double sweeps the internet Khloe Kardashian's ex-James Harden is sued for allegedly masterminding a plan to assault and rob the son of NBA Hall of Famer Moses Malone at a strip club  Nothing Rotten about it! Sex Pistols legend John Lydon looks in high spirits in patriotic gear as he steps out in Malibu The 61-year-old London native  EXCLUSIVE: How Cary Grant was 'insecure,' sabotaged his five marriages, and took LSD to cope after learning his missing mom was in asylum Crown Princess Mary stuns in a very affordable $80 floral skirt from H&M as she presents speech at the Copenhagen Fashion Summit Priyanka Chopra will return for third and final season of Quantico as ABC renews it for 13 episodes It was previously-unclear as to whether it would return Promoting her Empire! Taraji P Henson sizzles in a mini-dress as she hits the carpet at the Fox Upfronts in New York City A leggy display 'He likes that we are tough enough to beat the boys': Sylvester Stallone's daughters reveal their actor dad drilled them in push ups and running from the age of four 'I love you!' Ashley Graham cannot hide her delight as she is surprised by modelling icon Kathy Ireland at her book signing At a Barnes & Noble Giving an arm and a leg! David Duchovny sports sling as X-Files co-star Gillian Anderson hobbles on crutches at Webby Awards in NYC The pair each showed off injuries Living the model life: Christie Brinkley lists her sprawling 20-acre estate in the Hamptons for a cool $29.5million It's been her home for almost 20 years  Western Walk This Way! New US ambassador to Israel randomly bumps into Aerosmith singer Steven Tyler while touring the old city of Jerusalem American Gods airs most explicit gay sex scene in TV history between two Muslim male characters Smashed some boundaries Sunday  Blake Lively reunites with Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants co-stars... as it's revealed she's set to play disgraced MMA fighter in new drama Slim Gal Gadot shows off her postbaby body in a plunging dress as she joins Chris Pine at Wonder Woman premiere in Shanghai Donned a slinky cobalt blue gown Thirsty work! Vanessa Hudgens oozes boho vibes as she slurps on an ice coffee during shopping outing Stepped out for coffee in West Hollywood  At least she kept her top on! Kim Zolciak poses in bikini for jet ski ride...after going topless for vow renewal ceremony in Turks and Caicos Leggy look! Lady Gaga highlights her curves in tight color-block mini dress after day of filming A Star Is Born The Poker Face hitmaker was in the Big Apple She blue them away! Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in figure-hugging navy dress as she stars at NBC Upfront event She stunned on the red carpet Penelope Cruz goes hell for leather as she sports long platinum wig on set of American Crime Story for her Donatella Versace role The 43-year-old actress No Blindspots! Jaimie Alexander squeezes her fabulous figure into skintight dress for TV network junket She slipped into a slinky dress  And the bride wore... nothing! Kim Zolciak strips down wedding gown to pose topless in  sea after renewing vows on beach with husband Kroy Biermann  Country music legend Loretta Lynn, 85, has begun rehabilitation after suffering stroke She had a stroke more than a week ago and is now starting recovery 'Note to self - a bride's train is NOT a real train': Pippa's top tips for wedding planning, as told to CRAIG BROWN  Her big day is fast approaching 'Hardly exaggerating when I say you saved my life these past few weeks': Actress Lena Dunham praises Australian music newbie Amy Shark A pip off the old block: Gwyneth Paltrow's daughter apple turns 13 - and doesn't she look like mum!  She posted a picture to her Instagram account Zac Efron to star as notorious serial rapist and killer Ted Bundy in drama Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile Former High School musical star  Singer Elle King reveals she married in secret last year BUT is now getting a divorce from 'best friend' The Ex's & Oh's hitmaker  'Heartbreaking given the circumstances': Documentary reveals Heath Ledger was working on directorial debut about chess prodigy who develops reliance on drugs Looking haute! Lara Bingle STUNS in black couture dress at Dior perfume event in France...after flaunting her amazing post baby body SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Ray Winstone suffering from a delusion? Tough guy actor thinks Brad Pitt would play him in a film about his life because 'he looks a bit like me' 'He would definitely need to be supervised': Stephen Belafonte's ex won't let him see their 12-year-old daughter alone after Melanie B alleged he had been violent towards her DWTS duo Peta Murgatroyd and Maksim Chmerkovskiy will have baby Shai Aleksander involved in summer wedding ceremony Set to wed Back on the case! Injured David Duchovny wears a sling as he reunites with X-Files castmate Gillian Anderson Return to their iconic roles as FBI agents Getting comfortable! Kim Kardashian swaps sexy superhero catsuit for cosy sweats as she steps out in New York Her straight, raven black locks were parted in the center Howe embarrassing! Playboy model Carla goes braless under extremely tight dress... and reveals slightly more than she intended to with wardrobe mishap My new joint with Bae': James Packer's ex Tziporah Malkah moves into beachfront property with her mystery lover after declaring her six-year sex drought is over Beverly Hills emergency! Lisa Vanderpump's restaurant Villa Blanca is evacuated due to fire scare Due to a faulty pizza oven Soaking up the sun! Priyanka Chopra relaxes in skimpy tie-dye bikini after attending world premiere of Baywatch in Miami Showing off her bikini body Mom's the word! Angelina Jolie enjoys a low key Mother's Day with her children as they walk their dog Actress enjoyed sunshine with kids SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: James Bond director Sam Mendes swaps stunts for nappies as he is prepares to become a father for the second time Double the fun! Madonna shares photo of twins Esther and Stella in matching polka-dot bathing suits Her four-year-old twins donned water wings 'I love you with all my heart': Bella Thorne wishes older sister Dani a Happy Mother's Day They are more than just sisters, they are best friends Angry conservatives call for boycott of ABC after network cancels highly rated sitcom Last Man Standing starring pro-Trump actor Tim Allen She's a wild one! Charlize Theron sports zebra printed top with skinny jeans for grocery store run The Oscar winner highlighted her long legs Chris Rock lists historic Brooklyn carriage house built in 1901 for sale at $3.85M The three bedroom, three bathroom residence  Michael Caine and British TV presenter Denise Welch strike up unlikely friendship as the pair enjoy a fun evening dining with loved ones at The Ivy 'I didn't get to hang out with my friends': Lewis Hamilton slams the racing industry for 'robbing' him of his life... after making a whopping $169M from the sport 'I can't do this forever!': Kylie Jenner hints at retiring from the spotlight as she shows off blonde hair in new extended trailer for Life Of Kylie Rivalry between Anna Wintour and former Vanity Fair editor Tina Brown will be laid bare in new scripted series by Bravo Bravo announced All That Glitters on Monday Edie Falco stars in bloody first look at Law & Order True Crime: The Menendez Murders NBC's L&O spinoff will take a fresh look at brothers Lyle and Erik Menendez  'It was f***ed...all of it': Lorde reveals what is was like skyrocketing to fame at just 16 and says the whole experience was 'insane' She is now 20 Sporty chic! Kourtney Kardashian flashes her toned tummy in gym gear and hoodie in Beverly Hills She is a busy mother-of-three  Runs in the family! Samantha Bond, 55, looks chic in black blazer as she enjoys theater trip with her lookalike actress daughter Molly, 25 Miss Moneypenny Nicole Scherzinger 'will return to the X Factor for another year'... and pop diva Mariah Carey could still be a judge The 14th series of the UK show The coolest kid in town: Fergie takes her son Axl to the Ice Cream Museum on Mother's Day The 42-year-old pop singer 'Thank you for giving me freedom to express myself': Tess Holliday posts throwback photo with her mom while offering compassion for anyone who finds Mother's Day painful Straight Outta Compton star who portrayed Suge Knight arrested in Miami in battery of resort security guard Refused to take his foot off a table Here comes the A-list bridesmaid! Margot Robbie wears ethereal frock and flowers in her hair for best friend's wedding in Hawaii She looked stunning Catch of the day! Power Ranger's star Ludi Lin joins cast of DC's Aquaman opposite Jason Mamoa His fame is quickly rising as he starred as the Black Ranger  Popular star Leslie Grossman joins American Horror Story for season seven as creator Ryan Murphy gushes about 'funny and talented' actress They've got the blues! After stars like Priyanka Chopra and Brie Larson stun in blue eye make-up, FEMAIL details five ways YOU can try the vibrant trend 'Pets are NOT children!' Oprah Winfrey prompts outrage on with Mother's Day post implying special day is for parents of 'fur children' as well 'Of course there is controversy!' 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford insists the mission of the show was to 'instigate discussion'  The Crown's Claire Foy 'is favorite to play Lisbeth Salander in reboot of The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo series'  Star of popular Netflix series Western vibes! Miley Cyrus highlights her slim frame in skinny jeans with a T-shirt and fedora while promoting new Malibu single Set to perform at the Billboard Music Awards The look of love: Bobby Cannavale and Rose Byrne gaze adoringly at each other during sweet family outing in the Big Apple  Took son Rocco out for a walk  'I need a banger!' Spencer Pratt reveals plans for a 'flashy' name for his and Heidi Montage's baby... and why he will never let his son watch The Hills All by myself! Caitlyn Jenner cuts a lonely figure in Malibu after being left out of Mother's Day tributes from Kris, Kim, Khloe, Kourtney and Kylie It's over! Bachelor couple Ben Higgins and Lauren Bushnell end their engagement  Got engaged last year, and announced their breakup on Monday 'You can all suck my d***!' Mo'Nique melts down on stage as she calls out Lee Daniels, Tyler Perry and Oprah Winfrey for her Hollywood 'shut out' 'I'm not suicidal': Brad Pitt opens up about moving on from Angelina Jolie... and figuring out his new family life Hunky actor is talking... Inside Lara Bingle's $2,248 per night luxury retreat at the sprawling 22-acre Hotel du Cap-Eden-Roc  Married to Avatar's Sam Worthington 'Waxworks or real?' Kim and Khloe Kardashian are living dolls as they pose together in plunging outfits The famous sisters Terry Richardson shares sexy photo of his partner Skinny in a lace thong on a TRACTOR - followed by a clothed image of her with their twins for Mother's Day So pretty in pink! Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo dress Dusty Rose in an outfit to match her name as they visit friends on Mother's Day 'It's a disaster': Guy Ritchie's 'plans for King Arthur franchise are dead' after the epic flops at the US box office on its opening weekend Released in the US on Friday Antonio Cromartie's wife is pregnant AGAIN and is set to give birth to the football star's 13th child despite having undergone a VASECTOMY Why the rush? Monochrome Natalie Imbruglia arrives in Dublin sporting on-trend mismatched earrings as she hurries to her concert 'This was a long time coming': Today's Hoda Kotb gushes about her first Mother's Day as new mom to three-month-old daughter Haley Lily-Rose Depp swaps her usual glamour for a simple grey jumper and sports trainers as she arrives in France ahead of the 70th Cannes Film Festival Reunited! La La and Carmelo Anthony keep their heads down as they take son out for frozen yogurt in NYC after scandal ended their marriage Upstaging the bride! Jessica Simpson lets her cleavage do the talking as she takes husband to friend's wedding in Palm Springs Sexy look for nuptials Let your shirt do the talking! Ditch your plain white tees in favor of slogan t-shirts that make a statement - as seen on Beyoncé and Karlie Kloss 'Everything happened for the right reason': Miley Cyrus reflects on what went wrong with Liam Hemsworth the first time Things seem good now Alex Rodriguez skips Derek Jeter's jersey retirement ceremony at Yankee Stadium to go out for a dinner date with girlfriend Jennifer Lopez David Hasselhoff's daughter Hayley arrested for DUI 'after PASSING OUT behind the wheel on Los Angeles freeway' Driving white Mercedes  PICTURED: Zoe Ball picks up a coffee as she is seen for the first time since boyfriend Billy Yates was found hanged at his home Ex wife of DJ Fatboy Slim Lady Gaga revives her unique fashion sense as she flashes skin in a quirky ruffled jump suit after spending weeks focused on serious new film role  'Can we watch something good?' Jenna Dewan and Channing Tatum's little girl Everly not a fan of Step Up even though her parents fell in love on set of the film  One hot mama! Lara Bingle flaunts slender post-baby body in high-cut swimsuit just six months after giving birth to son Racer Married to actor Sam Worthington Must have been a Hilaria-ous joke: Alec Baldwin and his wife laugh it up during morning stroll in New York City Pair looked very happy Right royal stitch-up: Bafta jury FULL of BBC loyalists is accused of bias after awards snub for The Crown The popular Netflix drama Former NBA player Drew Gooden graduates from the University of Kansas 15 years after he left to play professional basketball He earned his bachelor's degree Barron Trump 'took his entire fifth-grade class from his New York City school on a field trip to the White House where 80 students met the president and first lady' 'When you're playing a character, you can't play it from hate': Lorne Michaels on why he didn't cast Rosie O'Donnell as Steve Bannon Sibling rivalry! Beyonce leads the nominations for the 2017 BET Awards with seven nods... and will vie with sister Solange for Album of the Year Still got it! David Hasselhoff, 64, displays buff figure as he spends day at the beach with fiancée Hayley Roberts, 37... after his daughter is arrested for DUI in LA Pictured: Kylie Jenner's 'boyfriend' Travis Scott in mug shot after being arrested for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct at Arkansas concert Relaxed singer Ellie Goulding keeps comfortable and cool in grungy tracksuit and silver sneakers as she jets home to London  from Barcelona Mandy Moore dazzles in lacy skirt as she leads This Is Us cast at NBC event... and surprises delighted fans in emotional new promo for season two American Idol vet Chris Daughtry 'will join the ABC reboot as a judge'... after claims Katy Perry and Ryan Seacrest may come on board too Excitement buildin Prince William follows in his mother's footsteps by privately spending time at a homeless charity 23 years after visiting with Diana and Harry Thanks a bunch, Mom! Make-up free Dakota Johnson stops to collect flowers on Mother's Day Melanie Griffith 's daughter was spotted at an LA grocery store One big family! Megyn Kelly appears alongside NBC News team at upfront and reveals new show will premiere in June - and go up against '60 Minutes' First look: Penelope Cruz transforms into Donatella with a blonde wig and plenty of make-up on set of Gianni Versace biopic Stunning makeup  'That's what really freaks me out': Bella Hadid reveals she has sleepless nights worrying about when her modelling career will end 'Everything's as if we never said goodbye': Will & Grace make a real song and dance about show reboot in playful teaser released by NBC Went off the air in 2006 All that material and it barely covers her body! Jennifer Lopez flashes cleavage and a lot of leg in satin gown at NBC event after hot A-Rod date Former Paramount Pictures CEO Brad Grey dies of cancer aged 59, leaving behind a wife, three adult children and a toddler son Close to Brad and Jen Wladimir Klitschko spends time with daughter Kaya as he contemplates rematch with Anthony Joshua after boxing defeat... but where's Hayden? 'You almost feel like a war profiteer': SNL cast opens up about Trump administration helping drive show to the highest ratings in 23 years Lily Collins flashes a hint of leg in sheer leggings as she swamps model frame in stylish bomber jacket  Spotted visiting a wax salon in Beverly Hills Piling on the PDAs! Ashley Greene gives fiance Paul Khoury a sweet kiss as she models Swedish braids at LA street market Strolled hand-in-hand  'Never thought I could be this happy': Rob Kardashian shocks fans by posting gushy video for baby mama Blac Chyna after a series of public fights Antonio Sabato Jr's estranged wife Cheryl Marie claims he has a drug addiction... as he launches run for Congress She's talking about him Never-before-seen photograph of 15-year-old David Bowie playing saxophone in his first band is tipped to sell for just $100 as it's unearthed after 55 years Tiffany Trump treats mom Marla Maples to a day of prayer, brunch and golf for Mother's Day Jam packed day for the close-knit pair First photo: Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons shares image from his wedding to beau of 14 years Todd Spiewak at New York City's Rainbow Room As Elle Fanning shows off scarlet lipstick and mile-long lashes in a new campaign for L'Oréal Paris, we revisit her out-of-the-box beauty looks She's loved! Jessica Biel glows at NBC event in New York City after husband Justin Timberlake shared gushy Instagram post about her 'grace' Elon Musk's ex-wife, the actress Talulah Riley, slams feminist Harry Potter star Emma Watson over her 'confusing' campaign for gender equality Fired Sports Center anchor Sara Walsh opens up about her struggle to get pregnant and how she suffered three miscarriages - including one on air Kate Moss poses TOPLESS alongside a shirtless male model as she shows off items from her first ever jewelery line  Eeye-popping photos Ravishing in red! Nikki Bella stuns in sexy dress as she flashes new diamond engagement ring from fiance John Cena at NBC event Future wishes ex Ciara a happy Mother's Day after her husband Russell Wilson's controversial post Exes have stormy past but seem amicable now A new job! Bethenny Frankel, 46, looks youthful at NBC event as it's announced the RHONY vet will be joining Shark Tank Successful at business  Action man Tom Cruise waves at fans while rehearing high-octane Mission Impossible 6 stunt sequence in Paris Shooting speedboat scenes in French capital Rapper KRS-One apologizes after mistakenly paying tribute to the WRONG Beastie Boy in song about deceased hip-hop stars Hot mama! Kourtney Kardashian posts NUDE snap to Instagram as she celebrates Mother's Day She captioned the shot 'mother nature' 'She is unable to walk or get out of bed because the pain': Olivia Newton-John's said to be battling crippling sciatica... as she 'fears for wayward daughter'  Intergalactic Gigi! Hadid blasts off for futuristic photoshoot... as she opens up about 'nerve-wracking' runway work Modeling causes anxiety 'Time flies!': Ex-Spice Girl Geri Horner shares sweet throwback snap from her wedding day as she and husband Christian celebrate their second anniversary  Howard Stern is back on the air following a bout with the flu just days after fans grew worried when Sirius star took his first day off EVER EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez's fiancée reveals doubts about his suicide: She says his final note was 'a little odd' and the writing could be 'duplicated' Bumping along! Pregnant Heidi Montag shows off her burgeoning baby belly as she runs errands in Los Angeles Former The Hills star Mix 'n' Match! Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel rock stylish coats and shades as they head out to brunch in New York City on Mother's Day 'We now have five!' Game Of Thrones creator George R R Martin reveals multiple spin-offs are in development for the mega-successful show 'There's no one stronger, smarter, and more determined': Bristol Palin posts Mother's Day tribute to mom Sarah as she celebrates with family Andy Cohen adds Steve Harvey doorbell to his dressing room to mock comedian's memo telling employees to stop speaking to him at work Johnny Depp to play John McAfee in 'dark comedy' about antivirus software inventor's time hiding from a murder charge in the jungles of Belize 'It's all happening!': Katy Perry announces new album Witness will be released in early June followed by a US tour Also in talks for 'Idol' Sin City, Tombstone and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D star Powers Boothe dies aged 68 in Los Angeles Married for almost 50 years and had two kids Miss conservative! Nuclear chemist who 'doesn't like to call herself a feminist' and says health care is a 'privilege' is crowned Miss USA That's her boy! Angelina Jolie rocks chic LBD as she spends Mother's Day with 13-year-old son Pax  Spotted at LA's Beauty & Essex restaurant Monica Bellucci, 52, exudes timeless elegance in a plunging jumpsuit as she displays her amazing figure at Nice Airport ahead of the Cannes Film Festival Baby wipes made by Jessica Alba's Honest Company recalled over concerns about mold Actress' company makes move voluntarily out of 'abundance of caution' Playful Heidi Klum wears cute Minnie Mouse ears as she enjoys blissful Mother's Day outing to Disneyland with her children 'You take my breath away': Proud mom Kate Beckinsale posts gushing tribute to lookalike daughter Lily, 18, on her prom night Wore striking red dress Why The Cad is STILL haunted by Princess Diana: As James Hewitt fights for his life after a heart attack and stroke, the author he confided in reveals his secrets Kaya Scodelario wears sequin dress as she joins co-stars Johnny Depp, Orlando Bloom and Javier Bardem in Paris to promote new Pirates of Caribbean film 'We're so in love with you!' Zach and Tori Roloff welcome son Jackson Kyle Little People, Big World couple's baby weighed in at 9lbs 1oz  'We're still friends!' Jenna Dewan confirms she used to date her 'sexy' former boss Justin Timberlake Spilled beans on Watch What Happens Live     DON'T MISS 'I'm a f**ked up, horrible sex addict': Scott Disick admits he has a problem after being branded 'disrespectful' by his ex Kourtney Kardashian Très chic! As Cannes Film Festival kicks off on Wednesday, FEMAIL takes a look back at the most memorable red carpet ensembles from festivals past The $8million necklace nobody wants: New lawsuit in battle over Elizabeth Taylor's 'Taj Mahal' diamond pendant Christie's Auction House accused of botching sale Orlando Bloom's mother denies her son is racist as she admits phoning a gipsy association to apologize after he used offensive word on radio show Two good! Derek Jeter takes the field at Yankee Stadium with his pregnant wife to see his number retired three years after he left the game Their reign is over! Scream Queens with Emma Roberts and Lea Michele has been canceled by Fox The announcement was made on Monday  Kelly Rohrbach ditches her iconic red swimsuit for a chic white bandeau dress as she attends Baywatch photo call in Miami All white on the night Plastic fantastic! Instagram model Pia Muehlenbeck looks nothing like her old modelling photos as she flaunts VERY taut features  'Best Mother's Day EVER'! Friendly exes Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin enjoy a day out at the Museum Of Ice Cream in LA with Apple and Moses  Princess Anne's son-in-law Mike Tindall reveals how he and wife Zara were comforted by their three-year-old daughter as he talks about their miscarriage  Glee's Matthew Morrison reveals wife is very supportive when it comes to shooting sex scenes... as he talks about 'intimate moment' with Cara Delevingne 'Let's honor dad's too!' Drew Barrymore pays tribute to 'awesome' ex Will Kopelman on Mother's Day On good terms with former husband Pink-clad Katy Perry treats her mother Mary to the Museum of Ice Cream... after teasing new single The pop diva wore a baby-pink maxi-skirt Earning his Dad Points! Orlando Bloom reveals going back to Pirates Of The Caribbean franchise gained him some serious kudos with his six-year-old son Flynn Slim Kim Kardashian celebrates Mother's Day with Kris Jenner and grandma Mary Jo Campbell before jetting out of LA with sister Khloe 'You are our strength': Kim Kardashian shares gushing social media tribute to mother Kris Jenner in a series of sentimental Instagram posts on Mother's Day B**** better have my pants: Rihanna wears leotard with leather chap boots which reveal a glimpse of her derriere as she storms stage in Milan James Woods is slammed after posting homophobic tweet about Anderson Cooper rolling his eyes during interview with Kellyanne Conway Bikini face off! Emily Ratajkowski and her mother Kathleen pose side-by-side in two pieces as they hang out by the pool in Mother's Day post Billie Lourd endures first Mother's Day without mom Carrie Fisher as she shares touching snap from her childhood Died in December 'Please be kind to me!' Naked Diet chef Tess Ward pleads with Harry Styles' fans to go easy on her as relationship with pop heartthrob heats up Victoria Beckham flashes a rare smile in perfectly co-ordinated blue ensemble at airport as she labels herself a 'control freak' Full of the joys of spring Jennifer Lopez celebrates Mother's Day with her twins ...before heading out for date night with new beau Alex Rodriguez Ab-flashing Lady Gaga rocks two quirky eye-catching looks as she bonds with sartorially savvy mom Cynthia on Mother's Day in New York 'I am not ashamed of my body': Chloe Lattanzi breaks her silence after trainwreck TV interview... as she is trolled for 'looking like a porn star' 'There is no bigger love that I have ever experienced': Gisele Bundchen posts sweet tribute to her children and her mom for Mother's Day 'My life is too big': Phaedra Parks trash talks Kandi Burruss in RHOA: Secrets Revealed filmed before reported firing Drama on the show Mariah Carey displays her ample cleavage in plunging tuxedo mini dress as she celebrates Mother's Day with her ex Nick Cannon and children in Malibu Back in black! Ariel Winter looks fetching in strapless mini dress after celebrating her six month anniversary with Levi Meaden Alluring Instagram post 'She raised me to be the woman I am today': Ariel Winter pays homage to older sister on Mother's Day after infamous falling out with her mom Mega budget King Arthur flops with $14 million opening as Guardians Of The Galaxy continues to dominate the box office Not as expected Megan Fox dresses down in sweats for a Mother's Day lunch out in Malibu with husband Brian Austin Green and their nine-month-old son Journey 'I marvel at you': Justin Timberlake 'bows down' to Jessica Biel in heartfelt Mother's Day message They have been married since October 2012 WAGS Miami stunner Ashley Nicole Roberts and NFL veteran Philip Wheeler marry in Curacao Wed at sunset in front of 100 loved ones A sheer delight! Pamela Anderson, 49, looks half her age as she models see-through top and tiny shorts after Baywatch premiere in Miami 'She told me I was beautiful when we shaved my head': Shannen Doherty makes emotional Mother's Day post as she recovers from cancer Miss USA co-hosts Ashley Graham and Julianne Hough dazzle the pageant... before Kara McCullough's win Crowned Italian-born Kára McCullough, 25 They're having a baby! Comedian Kevin Hart reveals his wife Eniko Parrish is pregnant with a boy Made the announcement on social media Sunday Is that a French kiss? Amber Rose frolics with Montana in black lacy in a very sexy fishnet one-piece as they hit the beach in Miami Flirting friends Britney Spears cuddles sister Jaime Lynn and mom Lynne in heartwarming throwback snap for Mother's Day Touching post Crown Princess Mary 'BANNED from seeing her best friend' Caroline Fleming because her 'party lifestyle is a bad look for a future queen' 'Told she has to cut ties' Jennifer Lawrence offers up her heart in new poster for upcoming horror film Mother!...which was directed by her older beau Darren Aronofsky Miami heat! Bikini-clad Quantico star Priyanka Chopra spends Mother's Day with friends at the beach after Baywatch premiere Kept herself covered 'It's not too late to sue!' Will Ferrell remembers accidentally punching Ellen DeGeneres in the face during SNL rehearsal Bruising confession Practically perfect in every way! Lin-Manuel Miranda displays his vocal prowess on a bike as he and Emily Blunt resume filming for Mary Poppins sequel  Dark horse: Katy Perry 'set to become new American Idol anchor judge as deal is almost finalized' Been in negotiations as show set for comeback 'I don't have anything to protect myself': 50 Cent's caretaker begs police to hurry in panicked 911 call during raid on Connecticut mansion Undercover lunch! Jay Z sneaks out the back door with pregnant Beyonce and Blue Ivy after treating them to a meal on Mother's Day Low-key lunch 'I'm 50, and I'm working more than ever!': Ageless beauty Salma Hayek sizzles for photo shoot as she says roles are 'richer' now Looked gorgeous  'Feeling blessed': Jessica Alba gushes over Mother's Day party as she celebrates with her two kids and doting husband Cash Celebrated in style I 'would be lucky to be half as magical as you': Kesha pays warm Mother's Day tribute to mother Pebe Sebert Posted an essay detailing her upbringing Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa is seen wakeboarding in Arizona with Christina look-alike after he took a dig at ex on social media Passive aggressive post 'I'm just super anxious': Kim Kardashian testifies against robbers who were 'following' her on KUWTK Was a nervous wreck Brazilian bombshell Izabel Goulart suffers a Marilyn moment in pink mini dress with sexy cut-outs at the waist as she attends premiere in Miami Jaden and Willow Smith enjoy Mother's Day meal at Nobu in Malibu with their mom Jada Pinkett-Smith and grandmother Adrienne Banfield-Jones Shades of gray! Crown Princess Victoria is impeccably co-ordinated in head-to-toe neutrals as she visits Sweden's science academy Stylish mom-of-two is 39 'I was completely broken': Camila Cabello reveals 'dark time' 'full of pain' that led to split from Fifth Harmony as she announces first single Lena Dunham is working out to manage her anxiety and not to look like a sex symbol, says trainer Tracy Anderson Is practicing yoga  Honor thy mother! Jennifer Garner brings her children to church on Mother's Day... a month after divorce filing from Ben Affleck She was beaming Ciara shares sweet video of son Future smelling a rose with Russell Wilson...after quarterback was slammed for Mother's day note No Champagne, Papi! Drake chaperones his cousin and her date at high school prom and hosts afterparty for school friends Caring cousin 'I went to rehab': SNL star Pete Davidson playfully talks receiving treatment... two months after admitting he 'quit drugs' Gave the update on SNL 'Don't be jealous': Chrissy Teigen strips down to her underwear to get a lower back tattoo with a stranger after John Legend danced with a woman Fit for a princess! The Crown's Vanessa Kirby dazzles in ethereal Bardot evening gown at on red carpet in London... amid Tom Cruise romance rumors Clip it low! Christina Milian flaunts bountiful bust in unbuttoned blouse as she goes Mother's Day shopping Looked like she was having a great time Sealed with a kiss! Mustachioed David Hasselhoff, 64, is caught in a passionate embrace with fiancee Hayley Roberts, 37, in Miami Seven years together She's glowing! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley nails maternity chic in pretty Bardot dress as she steps out in Malibu Expecting her first child Khloe Kardashian gushes over Australian mother-of-two who has been named as the latest model in her denim line's 'Good Squad' Going strong! Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs have a laugh as they celebrate his 31st birthday with pals in LA Arrived to join friends at Akasha restaurant 'Everyone should just be who they want to be': Harry Styles reveals he has never labelled his sexuality... and teases friendship with ex Taylor Swift Hands-on mama! Anne Hathaway rings in Mother's Day with son Jonathan and husband Adam Shulman during flea market shopping trip What a relief! Twitter restaurant critic Cat Deeley is happy after Mother's Day meal with son Milo and Patrick Kielty She looked chuffed 'I'm blessed!': Katie Holmes poses alongside daughter Suri for Mother's Day... as rumors continue to swirl she's serious with Jamie Foxx 'The kind of talent that he has': Tom Cruise gushes over working with Russell Crowe in The Mummy before revealing he did his own stunts in ZERO gravity A heartbreaking Mother's Day! RHONJ star Teresa Giudice shares photo of late mom on Mother's Day... as her husband Joe sits in prison The Dark Knight rises to the occasion! Christian Bale celebrates Mother's Day by treating wife Sibi and kids to breakfast in Brentwood 'That's my baby!' Jon Voight wishes formerly estranged daughter Angelina Jolie a happy Mother's Day Oscar-winning father-daughter duo 'Happy Mother's Day to the Queen! The boss!': Khloe Kardashian shares touching note for Kris Jenner after play date with Dream Momager 'The classic tomboy became a mum': Naomi Watts shares childhood photo of herself alongside school snaps of her lookalike sons in Mother's Day post In no mood to smile! Hilaria Baldwin appears to be in gloomy spirits as she strolls in NYC with Alec and their three kids on Mother's Day Family day out 'No-one wants them crossing paths': Exes Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise face potential reunion with the pair scheduled to be Down Under at same time 'So happy we are back in touch': Elton John, 70, wishes mom Sheila, 92, a Happy Mother's Day after years of estrangement Famously reconciled Love and Hip Hop reality star Tommie Lee is kicked off Delta flight in Atlanta after she 'refused to give up her glass of wine' Headed to Miami  Kylie Jenner's rumored boyfriend Travis Scott is arrested after his Arkansas concert for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct Hauled off the stage  Night out! Alessandra Ambrosio slips on skintight leather bottoms with fringed poncho for dinner with her gal pals at Nobu in Malibu Model behavior! Gigi Hadid flashes toned tummy as she holds hands with boyfriend Zayn Malik before posting sweet Mother's Day tribute 'Always know how grateful I am to be your mom!': Reese Witherspoon shares rare photo with all three of her kids on Mother's Day Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in a silver flapper-inspired beaded gown at the opening of plush Bodrum Hotel in Turkey Showstopper 'Happy 13th birthday, you gorgeous human': Gwyneth Paltrow shares sweet message for daughter Apple as she becomes a teenager Praise on Mother's Day  Get me home A$AP! Kendall Jenner comes over all camera shy as she makes a solo exit after partying with her rapper beau Rocky at a birthday bash in LA 'They're EXCLUSIVE': Inseparable Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott 'seal the deal after she visits his family in Houston following whirlwind romance' Now Gwyneth Paltrow's site claims CUCUMBERS are dangerous: Goop faces backlash from nutritionists for claiming lectin causes dementia  Thandie Newton stuns in floor-length sequined lilac gown at the BAFTA TV Awards The 44-year-old sizzled as she attended the awards ceremony Cuba Gooding Jr mocks the Oscars mix-up when he announces Moonlight as a TV BAFTA winner... before handing the gong to Phoebe Waller-Bridge Leonardo DiCaprio spotted chatting with a mystery woman as he spends afternoon in Malibu without his supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal Jaclyn Smith, 71, looks incredibly youthful as she hits charity event celebrating her late Charlie's Angels co-star Farrah Fawcett The 1970s sex symbol Walking Dead star Christian Serratos announces on Instagram she has given birth to her first child with boyfriend David Boyd Happy Mother's Day from Hollywood! Cindy Crawford kicks off celebrity tributes Cindy Crawford, 51, was one of the first, who shared an image  'Nobody wears pairs anymore - it's SO old fashioned': Kate Moss says matching earrings are 'uncool' Unconventional fashion fad 'So excited to celebrate my first Mother's Day!': Pregnant Heidi Pratt posts photo of her baby bump as she's now 18 weeks along NY Yankee baseball player Derek Jeter enjoys date night with pregnant wife Hannah Davis as he readies to retire his famous jersey  Special weekend  Liam Payne posts sweet Mother's Day message to Cheryl and his own mum... after admitting he needed convincing about naming his son Bear  'It's getting painful to watch rape so frequently': Joseph Fiennes and Elisabeth Moss shock viewers with controversial scene in The Handmaid's Tale Get knotted: Game of Thrones actress Emilia Clarke flashes a hint of her abs in tied-up shirt and white jeans as she heads to the cinema with a pal  Switcheroo! This Is Us will be moving from Tuesdays to Thursdays as NBC unveils its autumn schedule Sophomore season begins in the fall Fab in florals! Michelle Williams looks radiant in ornate cocktail dress at Louis Vuitton Resort 2018 show in Miho Museum in Japan Elaborately designed 'The greatest accomplishment of my life': Madonna posts stunning close-up photo of daughter Lourdes while praising her six kids See inside the $15k-a-night, 700-year-old luxury VILLAGE that the Obamas are staying in as they continue their all-expenses-paid world tour  That's not very regal! The Crown star Claire Foy goes braless in dramatic dress as she competes for Best Actress prize at TV BAFTAs 2017 A big snub! Kris Jenner leaves ex Caitlyn OUT of her two Mother's Day tributes as she shares photo with her first husband instead Posted pic of Robert 'My Stormtrooper look': Gillian Anderson arrives at the TV BAFTAs on crutches in a floral gown after posting a picture of her foot in a cast The actress, 48, shone  Katy Perry SPITS OUT cherry pie she's fed on the Wango Tango red carpet ...but rewards herself with cake after sexy performance  Zooey Deschanel's TV show New Girl 'will be picked up for its seventh and final season' The show also stars Hannah Simone and Jake Johnson Engaged and pregnant! NFL star Robert Griffin III and girlfriend Grete Sadeiko break the news on Instagram as she flashes diamond ring Great news  Better luck next time! Model Nina Agdal cancels trip to Australia for Mercedes Benz Fashion Week due to issues with her working visa Flashing her tummy! Clint Eastwood's daughter Francesca wears crop top to hit disco-themed birthday party in West Hollywood Studio 54 theme 'I love you!': Heidi Klum, 43, shares rare flashback photo with her mom Erna on Mother's Day... and they look nearly identical Black-and-white photo  'Raising our kids': Russell Wilson posts sweet Mother's Day message to wife Ciara... but his choice of words causes controversy Are they the new One Direction? Boy band PRETTYMUCH leave Simon Cowell's Beverley Hills mansion following rumors they have been signed by the mogul Will the real CJ please stand up? Blonde bombshells Kelly Rohrbach and Pamela Anderson sizzle in sexy dresses at star-studded Baywatch premiere  Lady Louise Windsor, 13, looks every inch the young royal as she takes the reins (and she is growing more like mother Sophie every day) Payne in the neck! Liam 'christens' Niall Horan with bling by putting his favorite gold chain around pals neck after 1D boys poke fun at his jewelery choices Split! Fargo actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead announces she has separated from husband Riley Sterns after seven years of marriage Sad news  Jessica Gomes, 32, discusses her sex scene with Bruce Willis, 62... as she reveals her real-life romance with Xavier Samuel is getting serious Barry Manilow, 73, cancels two concerts on doctor's orders because of 'sprained vocal chords' 73-year-old singing legend Saturday Night Lively! Ryan Reynolds and wife Blake make surprise appearance on SNL... as host Melissa McCarthy gets her Five Timer jacket Relaxed Ellie Goulding indulges in a few glasses of champagne as she enjoys an al fresco lunch with friends in London Looked radiant  'I wear sunglasses and bucket loads of concealer because I'm up all night with the children': Victoria Beckham wears lip print line in Hong Kong Sequined sirens! Alexandra Daddario and Priyanka Chopra sizzle in shimmering dresses at Baywatch beachside premiere No swimsuits in sight David Beckham denies he is 'set to splash out $10 million on private island in the Caribbean to mark 20th anniversary of meeting wife Victoria' Crikey! The Irwin family swap khaki for glamour as they attend Beverly Hills Gala Dinner in honour of the late Crocodile Hunter Admirably continued Real housewife, great mom! Lisa Rinna attends Cindy Crawford's Best Buddies Mother's Day Malibu Brunch with daughters Delilah and Amelia Lady Louise Windsor, 13, follows in the footsteps of her grandfather Prince Philip as they both drive carriages at the Royal Windsor Horse Show Tess-ting the waters? Naked Diet chef Ward is seen leaving Harry Styles' secret gig in London... as rumors of their new romance continue to swirl Dream in tangerine: Sofia Richie showcases casual style in oversize orange hoodie while out in Hollywood Stepped out for a low-key outing with pals 'I wish I'd known': Harry Styles admits he was unaware of former bandmate Zayn Malik's eating disorder and regrets not being able to help him Beautiful in blue! Freida Pinto is elegant in dark navy midi gown as she attends LGBT charity event in LA Actress looked stunning in a navy  Spanx for the memories: Leggy Katherine Jenkins reveals a little too much in her dress following final performance of Carousel A real highlight: Katy Perry stands out in eye-catching yellow dress as she leads star-studded lineup at Wango Tango in LA Ready for summer 'I ate a T-bone steak every night!': Kelly Rohrbach did NOT DIET but instead loaded up on protein due to intense workouts for Baywatch The 27-year-old beauty  Today's headlines Most Read You picked on the wrong kid! High school bully is body slammed and pummeled by his classmate after throwing... Get it together! Top Republicans tell the White House to stop its 'downward spiral' as they demand a 'full... Bill Cosby says racism could be to blame for his sexual assault lawsuits as he gives his first interview on... Has Pirates been pirated? Hackers threaten to release stolen upcoming Disney blockbuster unless studio pays... Three 'burglars' are killed after crashing their car into a pond during a high-speed police chase after... University of Miami theater student, 22, dies in an Everglades airboat crash just one day after graduating... White and black female travel companions accuse American Airlines of racism after African American woman is... United changes its secret cockpit-door access codes after they were accidentally leaked online Man, 36, 'drenched in blood walks into a grocery store carrying his mother's severed HEAD on Mother's Day... Latin Kings gang member is sentenced to 49 years after stabbing beating his transgender girlfriend to death... Teacher resigns after penning a letter to the school paper quoting a Bible verse saying gay people 'deserve... Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, nine months after divorcing from her... Wife 'hired a hitman who shot her husband dead for a $900K life insurance policy after her plot to poison... Ruth Madoff's new life in a tiny New England community after losing $80m worth of mansions, jewelry, cars... Horrifying security footage shows the moment a private jet carrying two people crashed and exploded into... How simply looking at pictures can make you feel itchy, cold, tired or dizzy: If you don't believe us try... 'You hesitate, you die': Oklahoma cop says her police training was running through her mind as she shot dead... Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten with a... What will the world be like in a BILLION years? Experts predict raceless humans speaking a new language will... 'Earth 2.0' COULD be habitable: Climate model suggests Proxima B is likely to have perfect conditions to... Live TV broadcast unwittingly shows the moment police shoot dead a fleeing suspect after he appears to point... Researchers discover how ladybugs fold their wings and say the intricate mechanism could revolutionize... The mysterious flashes of light even NASA can't explain: Satellite captures strange glints coming from Earth How did he survive? Horrifying footage emerges of the moment a Navy trainee was sucked into the engine of a... Ohio police officer nearly dies after accidentally overdosing on fentanyl during drug-related traffic stop Rivalry between Anna Wintour and former Vanity Fair editor Tina Brown will be laid bare in new scripted... 'Men are designed to spread their seed': Goldie Hawn reveals how she has 'forgiven' overattentive men... Award-winning crime reporter Javier Valdez is gunned down in Mexico's violent Sinaloa state as wave of... Assad's murder machine: Syria has executed thousands of prisoners - mostly civilians opposed to the... MORE HEADLINES Thailand threatens to prosecute Facebook for running a video of the country's heavily tattooed king walking through a shopping mall in a tiny yellow crop-top  Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten with a baseball bat and bound by masked robbers at his home Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, nine months after divorcing from her husband National Security Advisor McMaster DENIES Trump leaked ‘highly classified’ information to the Russians about ISIS laptop threat during Oval Office meeting – the day after he fired FBI director Comey Student left with horrific scars after trying to remove tattoo by PEELING ink from her skin in laser-free method that left her in 'torturous pain' Ruth Madoff's new life in a tiny New England community after losing $80m worth of mansions, jewelry, cars and art and both her sons following her husband’s $65bn Ponzi scheme  'I need to take a shower': What President's counselor said after she had finished defending Trump, according to Morning Joe hosts who claim she secretly hates her boss and is just after the money  Jilted boyfriend gang-rapes ex-girlfriend with six other men then drives a car over her head to stop her being identified before leaving her for dogs to eat in India  EXCLUSIVE: How Hollywood's greatest leading man Cary Grant was 'insecure,' sabotaged his five marriages, and relied on 100 experimental LSD trips to cope after learning that his missing mother was in an insane asylum It pays to know the First Kid: Barron Trump 'took his entire fifth-grade class from his New York City school on a field trip to the White House where 80 students met the president and first lady' Assad's murder machine: Syria has executed thousands of prisoners - mostly civilians opposed to the government - and burned the dead bodies in a giant crematorium, US administration claims Mysterious sea creature that washed up on an Indonesian beach was a decomposing baleen whale, scientists reveal  Former Paramount Pictures CEO Brad Grey dies of cancer aged 59, leaving behind a wife, three adult children and a toddler son Man, 36, 'drenched in blood walks into a grocery store carrying his mother's severed HEAD on Mother's Day before stabbing an employee' Outraged conservatives on social media call for boycott of ABC after TV network cancels highly rated sitcom Last Man Standing starring pro-Trump actor Tim Allen Putin tells the West to ‘stop intimidating NORTH KOREA’: Astonishing comment just hours after Kim Jong-un launches ‘nuclear-capable’ missile  Tiffany Trump treats mom Marla Maples to a day of prayer, brunch and golf for Mother's Day North Korean hacking group is thought to be behind cyber attack which wreaked havoc across the globe You picked on the wrong kid! High school bully is body slammed and pummeled by his classmate after throwing the first punch British backpacker, 26, accidentally hanged herself in a Thai apartment to 'frighten' her boyfriend after a 'silly row', inquest told University of Miami theater student, 22, dies in an Everglades airboat crash just one day after graduating top of her class Heart-breaking moment a whimpering toddler is pulled from a scorching hot car over an hour after her father was shot dead in front of her, as homicide rates in Baltimore reach 'crisis point' The end of the Old West in color: Stunning images show people still traveling by horse and cart, water pulled from old wells and families enjoying county fairs as the 20th Century took grip Model home! Christie Brinkley lists her sprawling 20-acre estate in the Hamptons for a cool $29.5million Antonio Cromartie's wife is pregnant AGAIN and is set to give birth to the football star's 13th child despite having undergone a VASECTOMY Ohio police officer nearly dies after accidentally overdosing on fentanyl during drug-related traffic stop One big family! Megyn Kelly appears alongside NBC News team at upfront and reveals new show will premiere in June - and go up against '60 Minutes' 'This is the great negotiator?' Donald cheerleader Ann Coulter admits she's frightened that the Trump-haters were right after his 'joke' budget - and says his hiring Ivanka and Jared Kushner was 'fascist' White and black female travel companions accuse American Airlines of racism after African American woman is downgraded from first class while her friend was allowed to stay MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Search Home News Inside News Italy: Migrant exploiting mafia ring exposed Italian authorities have cracked open a major mafia operation involving exploitation of migrants through a catholic run asylum seekers center. Molefe dodges protesters to get to office Yemen suffers cholera outbreak Top SA News Molefe dodges protesters to get to office Van Breda: New set of witnesses to take stand Zuma: 'I'll step down if ANC wants me to' New charges emerge for Phahlane KZN SAPS receive tip-off on farmer killers Ramaphosa: 'Do not compromise the revolution' BFLF supports Molefe's return to Eskom Top World News Italy: Migrant exploiting mafia ring exposed Yemen suffers cholera outbreak Macron to meet Trump in Brussels Merkel faces tough state election Russia: 'N.Korean missile is no threat' Trump calls for more sanctions on N.Korea Russia and China raise concerns over N.Korea Business Inside Business Entrepreneurs' vital role in SA development People fail to differentiate between inventors and innovators. Misconception is held that successful entrepreneur creates something new. Strong residential rental demand: Rosebank G7 partners seek common ground with Trump Get Business Insurance Top SA Business News Entrepreneurs' vital role in SA development Strong residential rental demand: Rosebank Mine shafts at Lonmin remain closed SABC's worsening financial situation Gigaba denies US meeting claims Latest Property Market Stats Junk status and your retirement savings Top World Business News G7 partners seek common ground with Trump Employee abuse in Japan BT Group says to axe 4000 jobs worldwide Top Personal Finance News Petrol price to kick in at midnight Common myths about life insurance Men more likely to seek financial advice? Sport Inside Sport Nadal edges out for fifth Madrid Masters Nadal's flawless record on clay this season continued as he outgunned the impressive Dominic Thiem to win the Madrid Masters for a fifth time. Reds to stay focused over top four bid BlitzBoks seal series win with Paris gold Top Rugby Headlines BlitzBoks seal series win with Paris gold BlitzBoks are champions Ackermann expects 'fight' over cull Top Cricket Headlines Players' mediation call after pay threat Quinton de Kock bags five awards CA threaten to not pay players Top Football Headlines Reds to stay focused over top four bid Kane sinks United in Spurs' Lane farewell Coutinho lifts Reds back to third Other Sports Nadal edges out for fifth Madrid Masters Nadal crushes Djokovic Oosthuizen, Stanley share lead Motoring Inside Motoring Latest News New Models Road Tests Features Formula 1 Sign up for our Motoring Newsletter! Save on car Insurance 12 tips to avoid becoming a hijacking statistic1416 vehicles are hijacked in South Africa each month, don't become a statistic by following these tips. 'Uber is an ordinary taxi' - top EU lawyer New law on bakkie transport for school children UK car sales plunge... Entertain Inside Entertain Celeb News Movies Music Get More Sign up for our Entertain newsletter! Daring Kidman is the queen of Cannes Nicole Kidman the Australian actress is in two in the running for its top prize at Cannes film festival. Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott are exclusive Former Generations actor killed in Soweto Watch: Trailer for Kylie Jenner's new show Lifestyle Inside Lifestyle Food Love & Sex Wellness & Psychology His Life Her Life Fashion & Beauty Parenting Get Life Insurance Women's Health Month May 2017Research suggests The number one thing women can do to maintain their health and keep disease at bay is exercise daily. WOTW: Neil Ellis Stellenbosch Cabernet Sauvignon 2013 More sleep can lead to less chronic pain Hepatitis C nearly triples in US in 5 years Cooltech Inside Cooltech News Gadgets Games Features Apps of the Week Viral Videos Sign up for our Cooltech Newsletter! Simple steps to stay safe from ransomwareHere's how to keep your PC safe from the devilish and diabolical 'WannaCry'' malware spreading across the globe. Microsoft addressing 'WannaCry' crisis Mass-hacking halted by stroke of luck 17 mummies discovered in central Egypt Travel Inside Travel Travel News Flights Explore SA Beyond SA Accommodation Competitions Departure Lounge The week in pictures, 15/05Earth is a big place, and there's an endless supply of beauty out there. Take a quick glimpse of it all with these images of the week. Rwandan 'gorilla permits' double in price Ratanga Junction: A tribute Zim lion killings hurt conservation efforts Dating Win Tools Get more Weather Newsletters Lotto RSS Feeds Fax2Email Save on your insurance!Are you covered? Compare quotes for car, life and business insurance right now! Going somewhere? Search and book the cheapest flights right now  Need a place to stay? Find and book your accommodation online today What's in the stars for you today? Get your daily horoscope here Jobs Facebook Twitter   iafrica.com Only the good stuff Indicators $ R13.20   £ R17.02   € R14.47 Oil $52.44   Gold $1 233.84 Get Insurance Quotes Are you covered? Compare quotes for car, life and business insurance right now! Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch AmazonMon, 15 May 2017 2:25 PM Share Your Email Wal-Mart. Credit: AFP.     Wal-Mart Stores, the 800-pound gorilla of retail, is running hard to catch up in an increasingly crucial segment where it is neither the biggest nor the best: e-commerce. The company, founded in 1962 by Sam Walton, has been gobbling up smaller and niche players in e-commerce in an effort to reach online shopping market leader Amazon. Whether those efforts are paying off will be a focal point when Wal-Mart Stores reports quarterly earnings on Thursday.  A bit more than half of all funds spent online in the United States now goes to Amazon, according to the bank Macquarie. Part of Amazon's success stems from its breadth of offerings, which includes the Kindle that people use for reading and the Prime service that broadcasts popular television shows, said Krista Fabregas, e-commerce staff writer at FitSmallBusiness.com. "It's because Amazon has been doing such a great job at injecting itself into our everyday life," she told AFP.  "Wal-Mart is not part of everyday life, nor is Macy's, nor is Gap, nor the other stores. We don't have a connection with any of them throughout the day." - Shopping spree - Wal-Mart has been doing some shopping of its own, in an effort to make up ground against Amazon. It spent $3.3 billion last year to buy Jet.com, which was started by e-commerce entrepreneur Marc Lore, whose previous company was sold to Amazon for $550 million. Lore is now chief executive of Walmart eCommerce US, where he oversees 15,000 employees split between Silicon Valley, Boston, Omaha and Bentonville, Arkansas, where Wal-Mart is based.  His annual salary at $237 million is 10 times that of Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon.  In less than five months, Lore has directed Wal-Mart to a number of acquisitions, including Shoebuy.com ($70 million), ModCloth ($45 million) and MooseJaw ($51 million).  Wal-Mart is also in talks to acquire the menswear chain Bonobos for $300 million, according to a person close to the matter. Part of Wal-Mart's objective is to become a go-to place online for "essential" products, such as toilet paper, beauty products, groceries and holiday gifts and children's toys. "We are focusing on the type of products that customers buy most," said Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. "We want to make sure that we have the best prices, shipping to your home or offering a pickup discount." Wal-Mart in February scrapped a subscription delivery program that was a rival to Amazon Prime in favor of a guarantee of free two-day shipping for orders of more than $35.  Under the program, customers can also pick up orders free if they go to one of Wal-Mart's 4,700 US stores. - Amazon keeps edge - These efforts may cut into Amazon's lead in e-commerce, but overtaking Amazon appears unlikely anytime soon. "They have invested heavily on channels. It will restore growth that was necessary for survival," said Keith Anderson of e-commerce analytics firm Profitero. "I don't see anything that suggests that Wal-Mart would catch up to Amazon or beat Amazon, but it's still very early," he said. The vigor of Wal-Mart's online investments today contrasts with its initial reticence in e-commerce, which was due to worries that growth of online shopping would cut into sales at brick-and-mortar stores. Wal-Mart also was slow to introduce platforms for individual vendors who sought a venue for goods and did not introduce such an online marketplace until 2015, much after Amazon. Hannah Donoghue, director of advisory at Planet Retail RNG, said it is still relatively early in the game as far as e-commerce.  Amazon is "the strongest right now, they are far ahead but there are a lot of innovations underway," Donoghue said. "I don't think Amazon will be the only one. There will be another strong player." For now, Wall Street is giving the edge to Amazon, valuing the technology giant at $453 million, compared with Wal-Mart's $230 million. That's in spite of Wal-Mart's far greater overall revenues, which were $485.9 billion in 2016, more than 11 times those of Amazon. AFP Related Articles Amazon introduces free calling feature How the last 10 years of business changed Wal-Mart earnings dip Read More WAL-MART E-COMMERCE AMAZON FITSMALLBUSINESS.COM US INNOVATIONS PRODUCTS Comments Please Note By commenting on this article, you are agreeing to the Terms and Conditions of the iafrica.com comments system. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus In Focus Today News Business Sport Italy: Migrant exploiting mafia ring exposed Italian authorities have cracked open a major mafia operation involving exploitation of migrants through a catholic run asylum seekers center. Read more › Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon Wal-Mart Stores, the 800-pound gorilla of retail, is running hard to catch up in an increasingly crucial segment: e-commerce. Read more › Real and Barca set title showdown Fight for La Liga title will go down to the last day of season after wins for Real and Barca left them together on 87 points on the table. Read more › Sponsored Links Wine Of The Week Work Money Smarter Save on insurance Dating Women Men Search Find love now. Join for free! iafrica on Facebook Subscribe to our Newsletters Your Daily News Get daily local and international News, Sport and Business highlights to your inbox. The Tech Set Tech savvy geeks and normal peeps chomp at the bits (pun intended) for their weekly fix! The Spotlight All the hottest Entertainment News from around the globe in your inbox every week. The Good Life Get your weekly Lifestyle highlights sent straight to your inbox. Go Full Throttle! Rev those engines and subscribe to the Full Throttle weekly motoring newsletter. Travel Bug! All the latest Travel News in your inbox every week. Yes No Do you wish to receive promotions from our partners? Home Contact Feedback Advertising Services About us Newsletters Mobi site Privacy Policy Terms & Conditions DMMA ADTECH © Copyright 2002-2017 iafrica.com
Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS 2017 Dubai IPL 2017 Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports All Sections LIVE TV Home India Politics Movies Tech Auto Buzz iVideos Cricketnext Sports Travel Football Food Photos World Lifestyle Blogs Live TV TV Shows TV Videos Latest News Business Health And Fitness Podcast Immersive Gossip Latest NewsCompare IndiaLifestyleWorldBusinessPhotosFootballGIRS 2017 DubaiIPL 2017 Latest News Compare India Lifestyle World Business Photos Football GIRS 2017 Dubai IPL 2017 X DON'T SHARE NUISANCE. SHARE NEWS. Be a responsible citizen. Come, pledge to always check and share verified and vetted news. Submit Wal-Mart Rushing to Catch Amazon in E-Commerce Race HTC U11 Live: Watch the Launch of The Next HTC Flagship Phone Researchers See Possible North Korea Link to 'WannaCry' Ransomware Nokia 3310 Launched: Here's the Final Price, Specifications and More News18 » Tech 3-min read Wal-Mart Rushing to Catch Amazon in E-Commerce Race AFP Relaxnews Updated: May 15, 2017, 5:01 PM IST Wal-Mart is pushing hard to catch up with Amazon in the E-commerce race. (Image: AFPRelaxnews) Wal-Mart Stores, the 800-pound gorilla of retail, is running hard to catch up in an increasingly crucial segment where it is neither the biggest nor the best: e-commerce. The company, founded in 1962 by Sam Walton, has been gobbling up smaller and niche players in e-commerce in an effort to reach online shopping market leader Amazon. Whether those efforts are paying off will be a focal point when Wal-Mart Stores reports quarterly earnings on Thursday. sponsored Moto G5 (3 GB, Lunar... ₹ 11,999.00 Moto G5 (3 GB, Fine... ₹ 11,999.00 Moto G Play, 4th Gen... ₹ 7,999.00 A bit more than half of all funds spent online in the United States now goes to Amazon, according to the bank Macquarie. Part of Amazon's success stems from its breadth of offerings, which includes the Kindle that people use for reading and the Prime service that broadcasts popular television shows, said Krista Fabregas, e-commerce staff writer at FitSmallBusiness.com. "It's because Amazon has been doing such a great job at injecting itself into our everyday life," she told AFP. "Wal-Mart is not part of everyday life, nor is Macy's, nor is Gap, nor the other stores. We don't have a connection with any of them throughout the day." Also read: WannaCry Ransomware: Why You Should Worry And How to Fight The Cyber-Attack Shopping spree Wal-Mart has been doing some shopping of its own, in an effort to make up ground against Amazon. It spent $3.3 billion last year to buy Jet.com, which was started by e-commerce entrepreneur Marc Lore, whose previous company was sold to Amazon for $550 million. Lore is now chief executive of Walmart eCommerce US, where he oversees 15,000 employees split between Silicon Valley, Boston, Omaha and Bentonville, Arkansas, where Wal-Mart is based. His annual salary at $237 million is 10 times that of Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon. In less than five months, Lore has directed Wal-Mart to a number of acquisitions, including Shoebuy.com ($70 million), ModCloth ($45 million) and MooseJaw ($51 million). Wal-Mart is also in talks to acquire the menswear chain Bonobos for $300 million, according to a person close to the matter. Part of Wal-Mart's objective is to become a go-to place online for "essential" products, such as toilet paper, beauty products, groceries and holiday gifts and children's toys. "We are focusing on the type of products that customers buy most," said Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. "We want to make sure that we have the best prices, shipping to your home or offering a pickup discount." Wal-Mart in February scrapped a subscription delivery program that was a rival to Amazon Prime in favour of a guarantee of free two-day shipping for orders of more than $35. Under the program, customers can also pick up orders free if they go to one of Wal-Mart's 4,700 US stores. Also read: SpaceX Targets Launch of Its Heaviest Ever Communications Satellite on Monday Amazon keeps edge These efforts may cut into Amazon's lead in e-commerce, but overtaking Amazon appears unlikely anytime soon. "They have invested heavily on channels. It will restore growth that was necessary for survival," said Keith Anderson of e-commerce analytics firm Profitero. "I don't see anything that suggests that Wal-Mart would catch up to Amazon or beat Amazon, but it's still very early," he said. The vigour of Wal-Mart's online investments today contrasts with its initial reticence in e-commerce, which was due to worries that growth of online shopping would cut into sales at brick-and-mortar stores. Wal-Mart also was slow to introduce platforms for individual vendors who sought a venue for goods and did not introduce such an online marketplace until 2015, much after Amazon. Hannah Donoghue, director of advisory at Planet Retail RNG, said it is still relatively early in the game as far as e-commerce. Amazon is "the strongest right now, they are far ahead but there are a lot of innovations underway," Donoghue said. "I don't think Amazon will be the only one. There will be another strong player." For now, Wall Street is giving the edge to Amazon, valuing the technology giant at $453 million, compared with Wal-Mart's $230 million. That's in spite of Wal-Mart's far greater overall revenues, which were $485.9 billion in 2016, more than 11 times those of Amazon. Also read: Facebook Criticised For Censoring Anti-Islamic Content amazon e-commerce online shopping us First Published: May 15, 2017, 5:01 PM IST Read full article Next Story Recommended For You Honda Africa Twin Launched in India at Rs 12.9 Lakh, Bookings Commence Roger Federer to Skip French Open And Focus on Wimbledon WhatsApp Privacy Policy: Supreme Court to Decide If it Affects Users' Rights Cannes 2017: A Look At Aishwarya Rai's Red Carpet Outfits In The Last Decade IPL 2017: Dravid, Zaheer at War Over Delhi's Youngsters Popular Deals Coolpad Cool 1 (Gold, 3GB... 10,999.00 OnePlus 3T (Gunmetal, 6GB RAM... 29,999.00 Moto G5 (3 GB, Lunar... 11,999.00 About Us Privacy Policy Disclaimer Contact Us Sitemap Complaint Redressal Advertise With Us sections India Lifestyle States Tech Politics Auto Sports iVideos Football Power Circuit Latest News This Throwback Photo of Salman, Kareena is Breaking the Internet Germany Likely to Miss E-Car Target Stray Dog Feeds on Infant's Corpse Inside Hospital in Odisha Katama by Garrett Neff Show at Mercedes-Benz Fashion Week 2017 in Sydney Indian Women Post Record ODI Stand Of 320 Runs Against Ireland Watch LIVE From Network18 News18 India CricketNext News18 States Pradesh18 Bangla News Gujarati News Urdu News Marathi News Topper Moneycontrol Firstpost CompareIndia History India MTV India In.com Burrp E-Learning Franchise Opportunity CNN name, logo and all associated elements ® and © 2016 Cable News Network LP, LLLP. A Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. CNN and the CNN logo are registered marks of Cable News Network, LP LLLP, displayed with permission. Use of the CNN name and/or logo on or as part of NEWS18.com does not derogate from the intellectual property rights of Cable News Network in respect of them. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved. © Copyright Network18 Media and Investments Ltd 2016. All rights reserved.
Tech Apple Science Cars Samsung Nintendo Switch iPhone 7S & 8 Nintendo NES E3     Nintendo Switch Stock Information Updated For Monday, May 15 Posted: May 15 2017, 11:53am CDT | by Luigi Lugmayr, in News | Technology News     The latest Nintendo Switch stock tracking information for online and in stores for Monday, May 15th. The Nintendo Switch console is available online only as part of bundles. GameStop has replaced the three Switch bundles the video game retailer offered last week on the weekend with three completely new Nintendo Switch bundles.  Don't Miss: Find a Nintendo NES Classic in stock The GameStop Nintendo Switch bundles are the only option to buy a Nintendo Switch online on Monday.  Shoppers can track the availability of the three new Nintendo Switch bundles at GameStop with our new app The Tracker. Check the availability of the Nintendo Switch Neon Joy-Con Digital Bundle, Nintendo Switch Gray Joy-Con Bundle and Nintendo Switch Neon Joy-Con Physical Bundle. All three bundles are marked to ship May 26. This week the Nintendo Dock Set will ship and also new Nintendo Switch games will be released. Every new Switch game release is still a highlight as the catalog of available Switch games is still very limited.  Nintendo believes the Nintendo Switch will be as big as the extremely successful Nintendo Wii. Looking at the current shortage, the Japanese video game maker has a long road ahead of them to ship 101 million Nintendo Switch consoles. The positive reception and praise of the Nintendo Switch fuel the demand for the mobile and home console hybrid. Nintendo is also busy marketing the Nintendo Switch with hands-on events and at the E3 2017. Find below the latest Nintendo Switch online availability updates and stock tracking updates for stores. Nintendo Switch Stock at Online Stores On Monday the Nintendo Switch is available online as part of three new bundles starting at $484.99 online at gamestop.com.  The Nintendo Switch has been on sale on Friday, May 11 again at 5pm ET. Walmart's Nintendo Switch flash sale was over in minutes.  The Switch was available as a custom bundle. Through the Walmart app the $299 Switch consoles have been available too. To get an notification when Walmart is again selling the Nintendo Switch online try our new Tracker app. At this point no online retailer is selling the $299.99 Nintendo Switch consoles. The Nintendo Switch will continue to be hard to find for the foreseeable future. Nintendo plans to ship 10 million consoles world-wide in the time from April 2017 to April 2018. From the launch on Mach 3 to April 27, the Mario company sold 2.74 million Switch consoles. Online stores restocked the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and the $299.99 Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con in time for the launch of Mario Kart 8 Deluxe on April 28. Since then the Switch console was out of stock online, besides the TRU bundle offer, according to data from The Tracker. The Nintendo Switch reseller markups keep steady and range today between $90 to $110 for the Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con and $100 to $130 for the Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con on amazon.com. The Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con is more rare than the console with Gray controllers, resulting in considerable higher market value. Overall the Nintendo Switch market prices have risen slightly. To find Nintendo Switch in stock online, shoppers can use our new The Tracker app, available as free download for iOS and Android.  There are also several new accessories coming on the market from Nintendo in the next weeks. See the full list of new Nintendo Switch accessories. When is Nintendo Switch in stock online again? Nintendo is ramping up the production for the Nintendo Switch, but has not disclosed what the current production capacity per month is. The demand for the Nintendo Switch will spike during the Holiday Shopping season 2017. Nintendo will set aside a large part of the Switch production during the next months for November and December. This stock piling will keep the Nintendo Switch in short supply during the next 5 months. As Nintendo coordinated new Switch console shipment with the launch of Mario Kart 8, we expect the company to do the same for the next major Switch game launches. This means the next big wave of new Switch consoles comes in mid-June for the release of ARMS. The Nintendo Switch will likely be offered in special bundles in time for the Holidays. A Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Switch bundle has already surfaced in Russia. Because of the incredible demand for the Switch console, the monetary savings on these bundles will be limited. Usually bundles offer a way for consumers to get a free game. Nintendo can afford to just offer some savings, unless the demand is slowing down. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. How to find a Nintendo Switch in Stock Online We developed the The Tracker app to make finding stock of rare products online as easy and stress free as possible. Download the free app for Apple iPhone or Android phones. From the list products you select to be notified for the Switch with Grey Joy-Con and/or Neon Joy-Con. That is it. It is set and forget. At the moment we detect the Nintendo Switch console in stock at major online retailers, you receive a notification on your smartphone. Now you are just a tap away from buying a Nintendo Switch. You can also see the current availability of the Nintendo Switch consoles in the web version of The Tracker: Nintendo Switch with Gray Joy-Con, Nintendo Switch with Neon Joy-Con. Nintendo Switch in Stock at Stores GameStop is restocking the Nintendo Switch since Thursday in stores too. The Nintendo Switch is also only available as part of bundles at GameStop retail locations. The Nintendo Switch is available in 564 Walmart stores, 185 Target stores, 24 GameStop locations according to the Nintendo Switch inventory tracker iStockNow (6:30am ET). The number of Walmart stores stayed the same compared to Sunday. GameStop's in store availability dropped dramatically.  The Nintendo flagship store in New York said on April 28 in a tweet to have the Nintendo Switch in stock each morning. People in New York or visitors can give this purchase option a try. Social media posts from people who visited the flagship store confirm the availability of the Switch at the Nintendo store in New York. Some even report that they saw the Switch still on the shelves late afternoon. Read the latest Nintendo Switch news. Updated: 2017-05-16 01:40:15am Offers Nintendo Switch Neon Joy-Con Digital Bundle Store: Gamestop Price: $499.99 Availability: Browse all current Offers This story may contain affiliate links. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Latest News Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S8+ and S8 Available for Pre-order 26 minutes ago Nintendo Switch Back in Stock at Target Online in Attractive Bundle 54 minutes ago Nintendo Switch Dock Set Ships Friday 14 hours ago, 11:10am CDT Lego Marvel Super Heroes 2 Nintendo Switch Release Is Later than for Other Consoles 14 hours ago, 10:47am CDT Dinosaurs Could Still be Alive if Killer Asteroid Hit 30 Seconds Later, Scientists Claim 11 hours ago, 2:38pm CDT Sega to Return to Power Player Status 11 hours ago, 2:29pm CDT Medical Marijuana and Florida going through more ups and downs 13 hours ago, 11:41am CDT Amazon Extends Buy Two Deal from Echo Show to Echo 15 hours ago, 10:05am CDT E3 2017: All The Rumored Games 15 hours ago, 9:55am CDT Nintendo Switch Accessories on Sale in GameStop Accessories Sale 16 hours ago, 9:36am CDT Gilmore Girls May Get the Lego Treatment 16 hours ago, 8:55am CDT No Significant Tesla Model 3 Delivery is Possible in 2017 Says Analyst 16 hours ago, 8:50am CDT Summer 2017 Toy Recommendations Released by Amazon 16 hours ago, 8:47am CDT Kickstarter Hit Gravity Blanket Claims to Help You Sleep in Stress and Anxiety 17 hours ago, 8:39am CDT New Sonic Mania Trailer Reintroduces Knuckles 17 hours ago, 8:23am CDT Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Featured News Nintendo Switch Availability Completely Changed Again at GameStop Amazon Echo Show Is Available for Pre-Order Now   Echo Show is Most Popular Device on Amazon The Tracker App by I4U News App Finds Rare Products in Stock Online Technology News Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S8+ and S8 Available for Pre-order 26 minutes ago Nintendo Switch Back in Stock at Target Online in Attractive Bundle 54 minutes ago Nintendo Switch Dock Set Ships Friday 14 hours ago, 11:10am CDT Lego Marvel Super Heroes 2 Nintendo Switch Release Is Later than for Other Consoles 14 hours ago, 10:47am CDT More Technology News Stories Latest News Unlocked Samsung Galaxy S8+ and S8 Available for Pre-order 26 minutes ago Nintendo Switch Back in Stock at Target Online in Attractive Bundle 54 minutes ago Dinosaurs Could Still be Alive if Killer Asteroid Hit 30 Seconds Later, Scientists Claim 11 hours ago, 2:38pm CDT Sega to Return to Power Player Status 11 hours ago, 2:29pm CDT More Latest News News by Section Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Advertising News Black Friday 2017 Cyber Monday 2017 Holiday Gifts 2017 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. Trending Nintendo Switch Online Deals NES Classic in Stock Updates E3 2017 About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017 Follow Us Click to Receive I4U News via Email
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Amazon is now worth two Walmarts Recode Jason Del Rey 20 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL 14 insurance products that are a waste of money Incredible images of Los Angeles before it was a city © Provided by Vox Media, Inc. Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images Quotes in the article Amazon.com Inc AMZN ▼ 957.97 -3.38 -0.35% Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 76.29 +0.58 +0.77% On the 20th anniversary of its IPO, Amazon’s market cap stands at $459 billion. Walmart’s? $228 billion. It took Amazon 18 years as a public company to catch Walmart in market value. It took less than another two years for Amazon to be worth twice as much. On the 20th anniversary of Amazon’s IPO, Amazon’s market cap stands at $459 billion before the market opens for trading. Walmart’s? $228 billion. © Provided by Vox Media, Inc. Amazon versus Walmart market cap Walmart has well more than three times Amazon’s annual revenue, and five times its net income. But Jeff Bezos and Amazon have sold a vision of revenue growth over huge net income figures — and Wall Street has largely bought in. With that freedom, Amazon has continued to consistently grow its revenue north of 20 percent, while pumping cash into big new business areas like AWS — which some have estimated is already worth $160 billion — and the Alexa voice computing platform. For Amazon’s next act, it’s taking on Walmart on its own turf: Brick-and-mortar retail. More from recode.net: Load Error Jon Stewart came back on TV last night, and it was great The Peter Principle: Why Thiel’s GOP convention speech will be about him and not about Silicon Valley Peter Thiel spoke at the RNC and it was … fine? How many people are actually playing Pokémon Go? Here’s our best guess so far. Reddit is shaking up management in its latest reorganization Entrepreneur and investor Gary Vaynerchuk 'cannot wait' for the startup armageddon Roger Ailes created another big problem for Fox News — the average age of its audience is 68 Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Users rave about this lightweight PC, $249 Developers! Pre-order Mixed Reality Headset This airport-friendly bag is perfect for travel This Dell hits all the right angles (save $250) Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Search About Us Mere Log Phase I Phase II Phase III Phase IV Phase V Phase VI Phase VII Write for us Contact Us Newsletter Subscription Letter to Editor Career Opportunities Team PKKH Archive Facebook Twitter RSS Navigate Home News National World View Region Kashmir Business Sports Science & tech Health Achivements Editorial Blogs Articles Exclusive International Pakistan Multimedia Gallery Videos Heroes Our Heroes Need Their Identity Back Real Life Heroes Scientists of Pakistan Heroes from other fields of life اردو پی کے کے ایچ اردو اردو بلاگ Travelogue HomeNews Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce 0 By Web Desk on May 15, 2017 News Wal-Mart Stores, the 800-pound gorilla of retail, is running hard to catch up in an increasingly crucial segment where it is neither the biggest nor the best: e-commerce. The company, founded in 1962 by Sam Walton, has been gobbling up smaller and niche players in e-commerce in an effort to reach online shopping market leader Amazon. Whether those efforts are paying off will be a focal point when Wal-Mart Stores reports quarterly earnings on Thursday. A bit more than half of all funds spent online in the United States now goes to Amazon, according to the bank Macquarie. Part of Amazon’s success stems from its breadth of offerings, which includes the Kindle that people use for reading and the Prime service that broadcasts popular television shows, said Krista Fabregas, e-commerce staff writer at FitSmallBusiness.com. “It’s because Amazon has been doing such a great job at injecting itself into our everyday life,” she told AFP. “Wal-Mart is not part of everyday life, nor is Macy’s, nor is Gap, nor the other stores. We don’t have a connection with any of them throughout the day.” Shopping spree Wal-Mart has been doing some shopping of its own, in an effort to make up ground against Amazon. It spent $3.3 billion last year to buy Jet.com, which was started by e-commerce entrepreneur Marc Lore, whose previous company was sold to Amazon for $550 million. Lore is now chief executive of Walmart eCommerce US, where he oversees 15,000 employees split between Silicon Valley, Boston, Omaha and Bentonville, Arkansas, where Wal-Mart is based. His annual salary at $237 million is 10 times that of Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon. In less than five months, Lore has directed Wal-Mart to a number of acquisitions, including Shoebuy.com ($70 million), ModCloth ($45 million) and MooseJaw ($51 million). Wal-Mart is also in talks to acquire the menswear chain Bonobos for $300 million, according to a person close to the matter. Part of Wal-Mart’s objective is to become a go-to place online for “essential” products, such as toilet paper, beauty products, groceries and holiday gifts and children’s toys. “We are focusing on the type of products that customers buy most,” said Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. “We want to make sure that we have the best prices, shipping to your home or offering a pickup discount.” Wal-Mart in February scrapped a subscription delivery program that was a rival to Amazon Prime in favor of a guarantee of free two-day shipping for orders of more than $35. Under the program, customers can also pick up orders free if they go to one of Wal-Mart’s 4,700 US stores. Amazon keeps edge These efforts may cut into Amazon’s lead in e-commerce, but overtaking Amazon appears unlikely anytime soon. “They have invested heavily on channels. It will restore growth that was necessary for survival,” said Keith Anderson of e-commerce analytics firm Profitero. “I don’t see anything that suggests that Wal-Mart would catch up to Amazon or beat Amazon, but it’s still very early,” he said. The vigour of Wal-Mart’s online investments today contrasts with its initial reticence in e-commerce, which was due to worries that growth of online shopping would cut into sales at brick-and-mortar stores. Wal-Mart also was slow to introduce platforms for individual vendors who sought a venue for goods and did not introduce such an online marketplace until 2015, much after Amazon. Hannah Donoghue, director of advisory at Planet Retail RNG, said it is still relatively early in the game as far as e-commerce. Amazon is “the strongest right now, they are far ahead but there are a lot of innovations underway,” Donoghue said. “I don’t think Amazon will be the only one. There will be another strong player.” For now, Wall Street is giving the edge to Amazon, valuing the technology giant at $453 million, compared with Wal-Mart’s $230 million. That’s in spite of Wal-Mart’s far greater overall revenues, which were $485.9 billion in 2016, more than 11 times those of Amazon. Source Tags: Amazon | business | E-Commerce | Technology | wal-mart Web Desk Website Previous ArticleImran Khan pays tribute to Misbah and Younis for ‘retiring with grace’ Next Article Female swimmers win bronze medal for Pakistan in Islamic solidarity games Related Stories Indian border forces kill 60-year-old ‘Pakistani’ woman for ‘trespassing’ Female swimmers win bronze medal for Pakistan in Islamic solidarity games Imran Khan pays tribute to Misbah and Younis for ‘retiring with grace’ Leave A Reply Cancel Reply Your Name (required) Your Email (required) Your Website (optional) Connect with Us 3029followers 44834likes 43followers You Might Also Like You can now share pictures on Instagram without the app Photo sharing app Instagram just rolled out a massive update bring core features of the ...read more Pakistan, China to jointly oversee CPEC projects An agreement signed between the National Accountability Bureau (NAB) and China would see both Islamabad ...read more KPK unveils digital strategy at Digital Youth Summit 2017 Khyber Pakhtunkhwa on Friday unveiled its Digital Strategy during the fourth Digital Youth Summit (DYS) ...read more Recent Posts 0 May 15, 2017 Indian border forces kill 60-year-old ‘Pakistani’ woman for ‘trespassing’ 0 May 15, 2017 Female swimmers win bronze medal for Pakistan in Islamic solidarity games 0 May 15, 2017 Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce Popular Post August 18, 2013 Pakistan Cruise Missiles Vs India Ballistic Missile Defense July 15, 2014 Ajit Doval: The Indian who wants to ‘destroy’ Pakistan? February 5, 2014 How to End Insurgency in Kashmir December 15, 2013 ‘Gulf News’ Disgusting Attack on Pakistan Has No Place in Dubai’s 2020 Expo May 4, 2016 Kargil War – Pakistan’s Military Victory PKKH | Pakistan Ka Khuda Hafiz PKKH is Pakistan’s leading alternative policy institute and online news service – working towards creating awareness and highlighting the various global and regional security threats Pakistan faces. PKKH works with analysts, journalists and media personalities in Pakistan to encourage dialogue and action on policy matters as well as creating awareness within the populace about key security and defense issues, using mass media presence, talk shows, advertising, public events and road shows. RECENT POST May 15, 2017 Indian border forces kill 60-year-old ‘Pakistani’ woman for ‘trespassing’ May 15, 2017 Female swimmers win bronze medal for Pakistan in Islamic solidarity games May 15, 2017 Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce Subscribe to Newsletter Copyright © 2015 PakistankaKhudahafiz. All rights reserved. Facebook Twitter RSS
Close Skip to main content The Guardian - Back to home Become a Supporter news opinion sport arts life Menu news headlines US news world news science US politics business environment money tech obituaries opinion opinion home the guardian view columnists cartoons opinion videos Jill Abramson Jessica Valenti Steven W Thrasher Trevor Timm Rebecca Carroll Chelsea E Manning sport sport home soccer NFL tennis MLB MLS NBA NHL arts culture home film books music art & design tv & radio stage classical games life lifestyle home fashion food recipes love & sex home & garden health & fitness women family travel money What term do you want to search? become a supporter subscribe Sign in/up my account Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition jobs the guardian app podcasts video pictures newsletters crosswords Facebook Twitter environment climate change wildlife energy pollution more sign in Comment activity Edit profile Email preferences Change password Sign out become a supporter subscribe search jobs US edition switch to the UK edition switch to the Australia edition switch to the International edition The Guardian - Back to home home › environment › energy pollution climate change wildlife home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment browse all sections close Guardian sustainable business Let's hold Apple and Walmart to their big environmental promises Fred Pearce It’s easy to be cynical about the recent rush of bold corporate sustainability targets, but brands that buy into a green image may find it hard to deviate too far Apple has set a target of ending reliance on mining for metals, but admits it doesn’t know how to achieve it. Photograph: Eric Thayer/Getty Images Guardian sustainable business Let's hold Apple and Walmart to their big environmental promises Fred Pearce It’s easy to be cynical about the recent rush of bold corporate sustainability targets, but brands that buy into a green image may find it hard to deviate too far Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email View more sharing options Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Close Monday 15 May 2017 07.24 EDT Last modified on Monday 15 May 2017 11.58 EDT Call them the “moon shot” promises. The big, bold corporate sustainability targets that take your breath away, and may scramble your trust as well. Can Apple really cease to depend on mining for any of the metal in its products, a goal it announced (pdf) in April? Surely Walmart’s Project Gigaton to eliminate a billion tonnes of carbon dioxide from its supply chain by 2030 is a pipe-dream? And who is Unilever kidding when one of the world’s biggest purveyors of palm oil products says it will stop causing net deforestation by 2020? It is easy to be cynical. Apple admits it doesn’t yet know how to cut the mining cord. Unilever’s charismatic CEO Paul Polman has been caveating that deforestation promise (pdf) as 2020 approaches. Warnings over children's health as recycled e-waste comes back as plastic toys Read more And as for Walmart, since farmers, processors and manufacturers are responsible for most of the emissions in its supply chain, the retailer’s climate goal – the equivalent of eliminating the annual emissions of Germany – depends overwhelmingly on putting the squeeze on them. Glimpsing the future But we all need a star to steer by. Aspiration is good even when the route is unclear. The prospect of achieving these goals will be helped by the fact that many global megatrends are already moving in the same direction. Three-quarters of the world’s aluminium is already recycled, so Apple’s promise to reach 100% in its own operations is not so far-fetched. And in the past three years, the global economy has grown 9% without any rise in CO2 emissions. In 2015 the world invested twice as much (pdf) in renewables as in new coal and gas power generation. Whether corporations are the driving force, or simply hitching a ride, is open to question. But some at least have glimpsed a new future of low-carbon energy, resource-efficient agriculture and closed-loop recycling of resources. Ford reckons it can cut water used in vehicle manufacturing by 72% by 2020 without damaging the bottom line, by adopting water-saving technologies in tasks like vehicle painting. H&M claimed (pdf) recently to have cut carbon emissions from operating its 4,300 stores by 47% in just 12 months. Apple now claims to get 96% of its energy from renewable sources. Replicating Apple’s achievement would make Walmart’s gigatonne target very doable since, according to Elizabeth Sturcken from the Environmental Defense Fund in the US, electricity is the biggest activity that contributes to emissions in the US retail supply chain. Can H&M be “climate positive” by 2040 as it promises? Yes. With energy saving, renewable energy and some offsetting with forest protection, it could deliver negative emissions. Too much facile PR For companies to meet their pledges two key things need to happen. First, they must genuinely believe that they need to change their business model in order to succeed in future, by prioritising recycling and reduced resource use as well as the bottom line. And second, noisy activists must hold directors’ feet to the fire when they falter, so concerned consumers and shareholders can make informed choices. M&S and Unilever promise plastic redesign to cut waste Read more There is still too much facile PR and wishful thinking in boardrooms and press offices. One example from my in-tray: Swedish textile and furnishing brands, including suppliers to H&M and Ikea, boasted in March that they had “saved almost 7bn litres of water … enough for the daily needs of 134 million people.” Sorry to be picky, but that is nonsense. The water saving was made over four years; you can’t compare that with daily needs. The saving was equivalent to the basic water needs of just 92,000 people over that time. And Nestlé says it is “committed to being responsible stewards of water”, but has continued to pump water for bottling from beneath the California desert during the region’s worst drought for centuries. Even the largest companies will have problems meeting big promises that depend on their suppliers. Unilever is beholden to palm oil supplier Wilmar, whose promise to end deforestation in its supply chain by 2015 has been widely dismissed as unfulfilled. But their market position gives them a responsibility to drive up industry standards. And, in the end, the more brands that buy into a green image the better. Not least because defending the brand is a core activity for any corporation. Once they have started on this journey, it may be hard for them to deviate too far. Sign up to be a Guardian Sustainable Business member and get more stories like this direct to your inbox every week. You can also follow us on Twitter. This article was amended on 15 May. An earlier version said that Walmart is aiming to eliminate one billion tons of carbon dioxide from its supply chain per year by 2030. Topics Guardian sustainable business Energy Apple Walmart Unilever Corporate governance comment Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Google+ Share on WhatsApp Share on Messenger Reuse this content View all comments > Order by newest oldest recommendations Show 25 25 50 100 All Threads collapsed expanded unthreaded Loading comments… Trouble loading? View more comments most viewed The Guardian back to top home US politics world opinion sports soccer tech arts lifestyle fashion business travel environment all sections close home US politics world UK europe americas asia middle east africa australia cities development opinion sports soccer MLS NFL MLB NBA NHL soccer live scores tables competitions results fixtures clubs tech arts movies tv & radio music games books art & design stage classical lifestyle food recipes health & fitness love & sex family women home & garden fashion business economics sustainable business diversity & equality in business small business travel USA europe UK environment climate change wildlife energy pollution science media crosswords blog editor quick cryptic prize quiptic genius speedy everyman azed weekend video Environment › Water back to top environment climate change wildlife energy pollution more become a supporter make a contribution Facebook Twitter jobs guardian labs subscribe all topics all contributors solve technical issue about us advertise with us contact us work for us complaints & corrections terms & conditions privacy policy cookie policy securedrop © 2017 Guardian News and Media Limited or its affiliated companies. All rights reserved.
This ad will close in 20 seconds. Continue to site » Don't Miss: Excel 2016 cheat sheet Do IT certifications matter? Microsoft pulls plug on Win 10's debut version Newsletters Resources/White Papers Search computerworld Sign In | Register Hi! Here are the latest Insider stories. Read CW’s May digital magazine! How Veritas is getting its cloud on Buyers’ Guide: Prices dropping for data visualization software Windows Server 2016 Hyper-V: More secure, but not faster More Insider Sign Out Search for Suggestions for you Insider email Cloud Computing All Cloud Computing Cloud Security Cloud Storage Hybrid Cloud Private Cloud Public Cloud Computer Hardware All Computer Hardware Apple Mac Chromebooks Computer Peripherals Computer Processors Solid State Drives Windows PCs Consumerization of IT All Consumerization of IT Bring Your Own Device (BYOD) Home Tech Personal Technology Data Center All Data Center Data Storage Disaster Recovery High-Performance Computing (HPC) Infrastructure Management Sustainable IT Virtualization Emerging Technology All Emerging Technology 3D Printing Artificial Intelligence Car Tech Environment Internet of Things Robotics Space Technology Wearables Enterprise Applications All Enterprise Applications Application Development Big Data Business Intelligence (BI) CRM Collaboration Data Analytics Database Management Desktop Apps Enterprise Architecture Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Java Development Open Source Social Business Software as a Service (SaaS) Unified Communications (UC) IT Management All IT Management Digital Transformation H-1B IT Careers IT Industry IT Outsourcing IT Project Management IT Skills & Training Technology Law & Regulation Internet All Internet E-commerce Search Social Media Web Apps Web Browsers Mobile & Wireless All Mobile & Wireless Android Apple iOS Mobile Apps Mobile Device Management Mobile Payments Mobile Security Smartphones Tablets Windows 10 Mobile Wireless Carriers Networking All Networking Network Security Servers Wireless Networking Operating Systems All Operating Systems Chrome OS Linux MacOS Windows 10 Security All Security Application Security Cyberattacks Cybercrime & Hacking Data Privacy Data Security Encryption Endpoint Security Malware & Vulnerabilities Vertical IT All Vertical IT Financial Services IT Government IT Healthcare IT Retail IT Small Enterprise IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Digital Magazine Digital Downloads Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers × Close Home Vertical IT Retail IT IDG Contributor Network Want to Join? The Zen of Retail Tech By Evan Schuman, star Influencer, Contributing Columnist, Computerworld | May 15, 2017 4:00 AM PT Opinions expressed by ICN authors are their own. Opinion Walmart.com's transformation: Too little, much too late The biggest obstacle to Walmart.com being successful is Walmart itself Email a friend To Use commas to separate multiple email addresses From 
		     Privacy Policy Thank you Your message has been sent. Sorry There was an error emailing this page. Credit: Mike Mozart More like this Walmart's Jet move: Is IT magic enough on its own to take on Amazon? Amazon enjoys a very happy holiday season Chase's MCX tech buy will take time to pay off — time that it may never get Video Hoping for a raise in 2017? Here’s the outlook for IT pay This month, BusinessWeek took a look at how Jet.com is doing in its effort to transform Walmart.com. My conclusion: The biggest obstacle to Walmart.com being successful is Walmart itself. This is hardly news to readers of this blog, as we have been skeptical about Jet's odds against the Bentonville behemoth and have repeatedly pointed out Walmart getting in the way of its own online strategy. But as is typical for these BusinessWeek deep dives, it unearths quite a few behind-the-scenes moments. Consider this peek into how Walmart strategy on pricing and third-party sellers, which are ultra-critical to master if Walmart wants any chance of toppling Amazon. "One perennial source of tension involved prices. Amazon typically sets them using algorithms that scour the web to monitor and match the lowest number they find, which means prices can change constantly on the site. Wal-Mart sets a consistent 'everyday low price' inside its stores. It’s one of the most sacrosanct brand promises in retail, practically inscribed onto holy tablets by Walton himself as a way to assure customers they won’t have to comparison-shop. The philosophy created problems on the web, though," the story said. "Whenever the online price dropped below the in-store price, the merchants in Bentonville would balk. They were worried about siphoning away customers from their stores, which account for more than 97 percent of Wal-Mart’s sales. The company was also hesitant to let outside sellers list their wares on Walmart.com. This marketplace idea generates half of Amazon’s unit sales. It also creates a prodigious amount of unseen internal conflict, since Amazon employees have to compete with third-party sellers who are pursuing the same buyers. But the company tolerates and even encourages the tension because choice and price competition are good for customers. Wal-Mart, accustomed to dominating its relationship with brands and showing its entire assortment in its massive stores, was reluctant to foster such competition, and it didn’t have the technological chops to support an expansive marketplace." This is all very familiar terrain to anyone who has tracked Walmart over the years. Despite how impressive the technology and the thinking from Jet is — and it's indeed quite good — Walmart is attacking this problem tactically and not strategically. One of the top reasons Amazon has become so formidable is that it initially had zero physical stores to care about. And the handful of physical stores Amazon has today are there to service and reinforce the online operation. Amazon is an online company that is dabbling in in-store, while Walmart is the opposite. Walmart's brand attributes are all in-store and it's all about low prices. It's never been about selling high-quality items or providing world-class customer service, and it's certainly never been about delivering a fun and entertaining experience. In short, decades of market positioning has left the chain massively open to an online attack. There's nothing technologically that Jet can do now to reverse all of that. That's because Walmart will still prioritize its stores. Much has been made about Walmart's ability to cost-effectively ship SKUs to one of its stores, allowing for cost-effective pickup-in-store. But if shoppers don't want to deal with the parking headaches and the crowding and unpleasantness of going to a Walmart store, it's hardly a customer-centric advantage. The BusinessWeek story also offered this interesting too-little-too-late gesture from Jet CEO (and now Walmart e-commerce chief) Marc Lore: "Instead of evaluating [Walmart managers] entirely on quarterly profit and loss, as Wal-Mart managers have been judged in the past, Lore introduced five bellwethers related to the customer experience, such as whether products are in stock, how easily they can be found on the site, and how quickly they’re delivered." Without any context, this is a clever and desirable move. But within the context of the Walmart universe, it's unlikely to have any meaningful impact. This is about Walmart trying to be better, but it's not about it offering a better online experience than Amazon. At this stage, it needs to deliver a better interaction than does Amazon or it simply won't work. Indeed, as we approach the middle of 2017, I'm not even sure if that would work, but certainly anything shy of that goal is highly unlikely to do much. This article is published as part of the IDG Contributor Network. Want to Join? Related: Retail IT E-commerce IT Management Evan Schuman has covered IT issues for a lot longer than he'll ever admit. The founding editor of retail technology site StorefrontBacktalk, he's been a columnist for CBSNews.com, RetailWeek, Computerworld and eWeek. Evan can be reached at eschuman@thecontentfirm.com and he can be followed at twitter.com/eschuman. Follow Computerworld's IT Salary Survey 2017 results You Might Like Shop Tech Products at Amazon Sponsored Links Online Master of Science in Information Systems at Northwestern University INSTANTLY dtSearch® TERABYTES OF FILE+EMAIL+DB+WEB DATA; reviews/evals Computerworld The Voice of Business Technology Follow us Cloud Computing Computer Hardware Consumerization of IT Data Center Emerging Technology Enterprise Applications IT Management Internet Mobile & Wireless Networking Operating Systems Security Vertical IT All Topics News Features Reviews Blogs Opinions Insider Shark Tank Slideshows Video Newsletters Computerworld Events Resources/White Papers About Us Contact Privacy Policies Editorial Calendar Editorial Beats Advertising Careers at IDG Site Map Ad Choices E-commerce Affiliate Relationships Copyright © 2017 IDG Communications, Inc. Explore the IDG Network descend CIO Computerworld CSO GameStar Greenbot IDC IDG IDG Connect IDG Knowledge Hub IDG TechNetwork IDG.TV IDG Ventures Infoworld IT News ITwhitepapers ITworld JavaWorld LinuxWorld Macworld Network World PC World TechConnect TechHive
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Wal-Mart Up 120,000% Since IPO By Douglas A. McIntyre May 15, 2017 6:25 am EDT Print Email Tweet Wal-Mart’s Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT) has staggered over the past few years as e-commerce has eroded some of its presence as the largest retail company in America. However, from the time of its initial public offering in 1969 through the present, its shares are up 120,000%. Wal-Mart, founded by Sam Walton in 1950, had a small number of stores in 1969. Even as the company grew, Walton visited each store every year. Today, Wal-Mart’s store count in the United States is over 5,000 stores and clubs, according to the Wal-Mart. It employs 1.5 million people in the United States. Its global sales are just above $485 billion. One sign of Wal-Mart’s struggles is that its share price is only up 21% in the past five years, while the S&P 500 is higher by 84% over the same period. The company’s revenue growth has slowed significantly, from $469 billion in fiscal 2013 to the $485 billion in fiscal 2017. Most analysts believe the company that has siphoned off most of Wal-Mart’s growth potential is Amazon.com Inc. (NASDAQ: AMZN). The case is fair, as is the one that many other retailers have been hurt worse. Amazon’s e-commerce operation had revenue of $80 billion last year. The number likely will top $100 billion for full year 2017. Wal-Mart has been able to weather the change better than most. The rotation of the industry to e-commerce has ruined companies like Macy’s and J.C. Penney. Unlike smaller brick-and-mortar retailers, Wal-Mart has the capacity to expand via mergers and acquisitions. It bought large e-commerce retailer Jet.com for $3.3 billion in stock and cash in August 2016. More recently, it bought outdoor online retailer Moosejaw and footwear e-commerce company Shoebuy. The weakness of the Wal-Mart moves is that none, even Jet, is large enough to make a dent in the gap with Amazon, even when it combines with Walmart.com, which is generally considered the second largest e-commerce operation in America. Wal-Mart announces earnings this week. If it grows by even 2% it will be considered a victory. The very modest advance is a long way off from the rocket-like growth that took its shares up 120,000% over the past six decades. I'm interested in the Newsletter Get Newsletter terms and conditions   By Douglas A. McIntyre « Wal-Mart, Cisco and More Earnings Coming This Week Top Strategist Says Now’s the Time to Buy Stocks With International Exposure » Read more: Retail, Corporate Performance, featured, Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 11 Medical Conditions Aspirin Can Treat States With the Most (and Least) Identity Theft Retailers Closing the Most Stores States Investing the Most and Least in Children American Cities Where China Is Investing the Most Recent Warren Buffett’s Top Stock Holdings Keep Changing Monday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 J.C. Penney, Verizon Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club Johnson & Johnson, Cisco Systems Lift DJIA Monday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Answered! How Frequently Should I Pay Off My Credit Cards? 3 Key Takeaways From Cirrus Logic's Q4 Earnings FANG Stocks Are Absolutely Crushing It in 2017 -- Time to Buy, Sell, or Hold? Tribune's Tronc Inc. to buy Chicago Sun-Times owner Dow finishes up 0.4% Nasdaq Composite climbs 0.5% to finish at an all-time high Waymo's Relationship with Uber Has Reached Point of No Return Cisco (CSCO) to Report Q3 Earnings: What's in the Cards? U.S. Rig Count Rises for 17 Consecutive Weeks Anheuser-Busch announces $11 million brewery expansion AP Exclusive: Chinese spent $24B on US, other 'golden visas' Chinese stocks fall on weak data; other Asian markets rise Delta Wants To Replace Human Check-In Agents With Facial Recognition Kiosks Teacher Resigns After Sending Shockingly Anti-Gay Letter To Student Newspaper The Tech Giant Suing Uber Is Taking Its Technology To Lyft Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Trending Topics Writers Podcasts Events More Trending Topics Commerce Drones Enterprise Media Mobile Reviews Social Transportation Voices Writers Kara Swisher Dan Frommer Peter Kafka Edmund Lee Walt Mossberg Johana Bhuiyan Jason Del Rey April Glaser Eric Johnson Rani Molla Tony Romm Tess Townsend Kurt Wagner Podcasts Events ✕ Amazon E-commerce Charts Amazon is now worth two Walmarts On the 20th anniversary of its IPO, Amazon’s market cap stands at $459 billion. Walmart’s? $228 billion. by Jason Del Rey@DelRey May 15, 2017, 6:05am EDT tweet share Linkedin Drew Angerer / Getty It took Amazon 18 years as a public company to catch Walmart in market value. It took less than another two years for Amazon to be worth twice as much. On the 20th anniversary of Amazon’s IPO, Amazon’s market cap stands at $459 billion before the market opens for trading. Walmart’s? $228 billion. Walmart has well more than three times Amazon’s annual revenue, and five times its net income. But Jeff Bezos and Amazon have sold a vision of revenue growth over huge net income figures — and Wall Street has largely bought in. With that freedom, Amazon has continued to consistently grow its revenue north of 20 percent, while pumping cash into big new business areas like AWS — which some have estimated is already worth $160 billion — and the Alexa voice computing platform. For Amazon’s next act, it’s taking on Walmart on its own turf: Brick-and-mortar retail. Subscribe to the Recode newsletter Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. recode_divider More From Recode Watch live tonight as SpaceX launches a satellite the size of a double-decker bus into space Bill Gates tweeted some great advice for new grads U.S. officials will talk to Europe about expanding the in-flight laptop ban Snap’s new AR ads are for overlaying objects onto stuff that isn’t your face Uber won’t be forced to stop developing self-driving cars during its lawsuit with Alphabet Your data is probably safer with Facebook than with your hospital Trending Bill Gates tweeted some great advice for new grads You should probably follow the advice of the richest man in the world. Amazon’s epic 20-year run as a public company, explained in five charts Soaring revenue and cash flow, plus intentionally tiny profits. Watch this ‘SNL’ skit about an Amazon Echo Silver for senior citizens You can buy it with a check or money order. More in Trending Recode Daily Sign up for our Recode Daily newsletter to get the top tech and business news stories delivered to your inbox. Your email Go By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 8. The sidebar size is medium. The Latest Watch live tonight as SpaceX launches a satellite the size of a double-decker bus into space by April Glaser Bill Gates tweeted some great advice for new grads by Meghann Farnsworth U.S. officials will talk to Europe about expanding the in-flight laptop ban by Tony Romm Snap’s new AR ads are for overlaying objects onto stuff that isn’t your face by Kurt Wagner Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Send Us a Tip Masthead Sponsorships Podcasts Newsletters All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
null
MassLive.com Menu Home Mobile Apps News Sports High School Sports Entertainment Business Finder Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Business Insight Classifieds Find & Save Photos Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Download our News app for iPhone Download our News app for Android Download our HS Sports app for iPhone Download our HS Sports app for Android Download our Patriots App for iPhone Download our Patriots App for Android Sign up for Breaking News Alerts Back to Main Menu All Cities and Towns Springfield Worcester Boston Police & Fire Politics Marijuana news MGM Springfield Business Weather Opinion Traffic Everyday People El Pueblo Latino Back to Main Menu Red Sox Patriots Celtics Bruins Thunderbirds UMass Basketball UMass Football Valley Blue Sox NE Mutiny More Sports Back to Main Menu UMass Hoophall Classic MLB NBA NFL NHL Little League Baseball NCAA BB NCAA FB Back to Main Menu HS Athlete of the Week Baseball Softball Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Volleyball Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Girls Ice Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Football Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Field Hockey Girls Volleyball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Back to Main Menu Prom Weddings Best of Mass Food & Dining Living Events Music Television Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Dining Out Cooking Healthy Eating Drinks Back to Main Menu Everyday People Celebrations History Civil War series Cries & Whispers GSCVB Contests Back to Main Menu Today's obituaries Back to Main Menu House of the Week Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu MassLive on YouTube MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter Worcester News on Facebook Worcester News on Twitter Patriots on Facebook Boston News on Twitter MassLive Sports on Twitter High School Sports on Facebook High School Sports on Twitter Red Sox on Facebook MassLive on Instagram MassLive High School Sports on Instagram MassLive on Pinterest Back to Main Menu MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search MassLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to MassLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe MassLive's YouTube page Sign up for push notifications Custom breaking text alerts Custom traffic text alerts Download our apps The Republican Email newsletters comments $7.5 million settlement proposed between Walmart, employees over same-sex marriage benefits Walmart.png Print Email Michelle Williams | Michelle.Williams@MassLive.com By Michelle Williams | Michelle.Williams@MassLive.com The Republican Email the author | Follow on Twitter on May 15, 2017 at 6:10 AM comments A hearing has been scheduled in a class-action suit against Walmart, alleging the company denied health benefits to same-sex spouses of employees.  The lawsuit was brought against the company in 2015 by Jacqueline Cote, an employee at a Walmart in Swansea, Massachusetts. Cote worked as an associate in the store from 2006 through 2012 and attempted to add her wife, Diana Smithson, to her insurance during Walmart's open enrollment periods.  "When Cote entered her spouse's gender as 'female,' the online system would stop her from proceeding further," states case documents filed on her behalf by GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders. "When she called Walmart's home office to investigate, she was told that Walmart did not offer health insurance coverage to same-sex spouses." Same-sex marriage has been legally recognized in Massachusetts since 2004.  The retail chain changed its policy in 2013. By then Cote, whose wife lost a fight to ovarian cancer last year, was facing $150,000 in medical bills.  A settlement of $7.5 million between Walmart and current and former employees part of the class-action has been proposed.  A fairness hearing is scheduled for federal court in Boston on Monday. Such hearings are held to determine if proposed settlements are fair.  MASSLIVE ON SOCIAL MEDIA MassLive News on Facebook MassLive News on Twitter MassLive on YouTube Breaking News newsletter When the big stories break, we'll send you an alert. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you You are now signed up for our Breaking News newsletter. You will receive occasional emails from us as stories break. To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. MassLive on mobile See All » Sign up for custom notifications Sign up for custom traffic text alerts Sign up for breaking news text alerts MassLive Apps » Most Read The Republican Archives Search the historical archive (1844-1988) Newsbank article archives (1988-present) About Us About MassLive.com Advertise with us Contact Us Frequently Asked Questions Jobs at MassLive.com FAQ Community Rules Subscriptions The Republican Custom news, traffic & weather text alerts Receiving breaking news push alerts R Rewards E-edition Login Email Newsletters Subscriptions & Circulation Contact The Republican Searchable archive MassLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Springfield Worcester Boston All Towns Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on MassLive.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell Your Car Sell/Rent your home Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 MassLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of MassLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Stralem & Co. Inc. Has $25,458,000 Stake in Oracle Co. (ORCL) Capital Investment Advisors LLC Sells 828 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) Oracle Co. (ORCL) Position Increased by Washington Trust Bank Stralem & Co. Inc. Has $687,000 Stake in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Amedisys Inc (AMED) Shares Sold by Nisa Investment Advisors LLC Everence Capital Management Inc. Has $2,009,000 Position in Union Pacific Co. (UNP) Regent Investment Management LLC Sells 1,550 Shares of Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Reliance Trust Co. of Delaware Decreases Stake in Gilead Sciences, Inc. (GILD) Gentherm Inc (THRM) Shares Bought by Louisiana State Employees Retirement System 4,694 Shares in Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Acquired by Pinnacle Bank Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Has $587,000 Position in Kulicke and Soffa Industries Inc. (KLIC) Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Buys 300 Shares of Chesapeake Lodging Trust (CHSP) Pieris Pharmaceuticals Inc (PIRS) Expected to Earn Q1 2018 Earnings of ($0.22) Per Share Zacks Investment Research Downgrades VEON Ltd (VEON) to Sell Maxim Group Cuts Workhorse Group Inc (WKHS) Price Target to $5.00 Web.com Group Inc (WEB) Stock Rating Lowered by Zacks Investment Research VOXX International Corp (VOXX) Rating Increased to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Louisiana State Employees Retirement System Boosts Stake in Insight Enterprises, Inc. (NSIT) Agree Realty Co. (ADC) Position Decreased by Capstone Asset Management Co. Cullinan Associates Inc. Increases Position in Bristol-Myers Squibb Co (BMY) Capital Investment Advisors LLC Sells 828 Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT) May 15th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Trevor Kearing Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Capital Investment Advisors LLC reduced its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) by 4.4% during the first quarter, according to its most recent 13F filing with the SEC. The firm owned 17,886 shares of the retailer’s stock after selling 828 shares during the period. Capital Investment Advisors LLC’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $1,289,000 at the end of the most recent reporting period. A number of other hedge funds and other institutional investors also recently added to or reduced their stakes in WMT. Itau Unibanco Holding S.A. acquired a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $104,000. Asset Planning Services Ltd. raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 0.7% in the first quarter. Asset Planning Services Ltd. now owns 1,511 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $109,000 after buying an additional 11 shares during the period. BKS Advisors LLC acquired a new stake in Wal-Mart Stores during the third quarter valued at about $110,000. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 6,777.8% in the fourth quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 114,171 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $114,000 after buying an additional 112,511 shares during the period. Finally, Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC raised its stake in Wal-Mart Stores by 27.2% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,643 shares of the retailer’s stock valued at $118,000 after buying an additional 351 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 29.69% of the company’s stock. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT) opened at 75.71 on Monday. The firm’s 50-day moving average is $73.85 and its 200 day moving average is $70.63. The stock has a market cap of $229.63 billion, a PE ratio of 17.29 and a beta of 0.09. Wal-Mart Stores Inc has a 12 month low of $62.72 and a 12 month high of $77.05. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Tuesday, February 21st. The retailer reported $1.30 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Zacks’ consensus estimate of $1.29 by $0.01. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The business had revenue of $129.75 billion for the quarter, compared to analysts’ expectations of $130.22 billion. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $1.49 earnings per share. The business’s revenue was up .8% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores Inc will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. The company also recently disclosed a quarterly dividend, which will be paid on Tuesday, January 2nd. Shareholders of record on Friday, December 8th will be given a dividend of $0.51 per share. This represents a $2.04 dividend on an annualized basis and a yield of 2.69%. The ex-dividend date of this dividend is Wednesday, December 6th. Wal-Mart Stores’s dividend payout ratio (DPR) is 43.48%. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION NOTICE: This piece was posted by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this piece on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of United States & international copyright legislation. The legal version of this piece can be accessed at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/05/15/capital-investment-advisors-llc-sells-828-shares-of-wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt.html. WMT has been the topic of several research reports. Bank of America Corp reissued a “buy” rating and issued a $88.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Tuesday, March 14th. Stifel Nicolaus initiated coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Thursday, January 19th. They issued a “hold” rating and a $70.00 price target on the stock. Vetr raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.31 price target on the stock in a research report on Monday, March 27th. Wells Fargo & Co reissued a “market perform” rating on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a research report on Thursday, January 26th. Finally, Zacks Investment Research raised shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a research report on Tuesday, March 21st. Four analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, eighteen have given a hold rating and fourteen have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $76.51. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, major shareholder Alice L. Walton sold 4,542,361 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, March 2nd. The shares were sold at an average price of $70.54, for a total transaction of $320,418,144.94. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 6,748,580 shares in the company, valued at $476,044,833.20. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the Securities & Exchange Commission, which is available at this hyperlink. Also, major shareholder Jim C. Walton sold 3,667,343 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, February 27th. The shares were sold at an average price of $71.99, for a total transaction of $264,012,022.57. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 10,507,127 shares in the company, valued at approximately $756,408,072.73. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Insiders have sold 15,585,041 shares of company stock worth $1,110,035,611 in the last quarter. Company insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores Company Profile Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. The Walmart U.S. segment includes its mass merchant concept in the United States operating under the Walmart or Wal-Mart brands, as well as digital retail. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores Inc (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Ex-Congresswoman Facing Possible Life Behind Bars President Donald Trump Fires Director of the FBI White House Tells Republicans They Will be Rewarded for Vote Presidential Order Allows Churches to Participate Politically Group Founded by Betsy DeVos Lobbies for Voucher Program in D.C. © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Federal Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Construction Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Federal Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Federal Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Federal Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DATA Act: What agencies need to know•Civil service reform•Air Force cutting IT costs Headlines Get Email Alerts Online Chat Register for access to the transcript of our online chat with Col. Brandon Pearce, NGA's chief information security officer. Entertainment News Home » The Associated Press » Entertainment News » Update on the latest… Update on the latest in business: By The Associated Press May 15, 2017 5:09 am 9 min read Share FINANCIAL MARKETS Asian shares gain, shrug off cyberattack, NK missile launch TOKYO (AP) — Shares were higher in early trading today in Asia, despite worries of disruptions from the “WannaCry” ransomware cyberattack over the weekend. Yet another missile launch by North Korea also appeared to have little impact, while upbeat talk on trade and infrastructure investment at a top-level conference in China brightened sentiment. The global “ransomware” cyberattack, unprecedented in scale, has technicians scrambling to secure the computers that run factories, banks, government agencies and transport systems in many other nations. Fresh troubles were reported in Asia as businesses reopened, but the scale of the impact from the effort to extort cash from computer users was still unclear. Earn 1 CPE credit and learn about government’s data center optimization strategy with analysis from Justice and State departments. Register now for the free webinar. Advertisement Chinese President Xi Jinping pledged more than $100 billion in financing and called for closer cooperation across Asia and Europe in areas from anti-terrorism to investment as leaders from 29 countries gathered to promote the “Belt and Road Initiative” of developing ports, railways and other facilities in a vast arc of 65 countries. Shares of department stores sank Friday on Wall Street, hurt by more evidence that shoppers are turning away from them. The S&P 500 dipped 3.54 points, or 0.1 percent, to close at 2,390.90. The Dow Jones industrial average fell 22.81 points, or 0.1 percent, to 20,896.61, and the Nasdaq composite rose 5.27 points, or 0.1 percent, to 6,121.23. The Russell 2000 index of small cap stocks lost 7.43 points, or 0.5 percent, to 1,382.77. Benchmark U.S. crude oil rose above $48.50 a barrel. The dollar was steady against the yen and gained against the euro. WAL-MART-SAME-SEX BENEFITS Hearing set in Wal-Mart same-sex benefits settlement ‘If you’re a really good federal worker, you should welcome’ the reorganization plan, OMB says BOSTON (AP) — A federal judge in Boston has scheduled a hearing in a class-action lawsuit by Wal-Mart employees who sued the retail chain for denying health benefits to their same-sex spouses. A proposed settlement of $7.5 million would pay for claims by current and former Wal-Mart associates in the U.S, and Puerto Rico that they were unable to obtain health insurance coverage for their same-sex spouses from 2011 to 2013. The lawsuit was initially filed in 2015 by Jacqueline Cote, an employee at a Massachusetts Wal-Mart. The suit said the Bentonville, Arkansas, company denied medical insurance for her wife. Wal-Mart began offering benefits for same-sex spouses in 2014. A fairness hearing is scheduled for Monday. Judges hold such hearings to determine whether the settlement should be approved as fair, reasonable and adequate. NORTHEAST PEACH REBOUND Fans of fuzzy fruit, rejoice: Northeast in for peachy summer BOSTON (AP) — A year after the peach crop in the northeastern United States hit the pits, growers and agricultural experts are anticipating a healthy rebound in 2017. Peach orchards across the region have come alive with pink blossoms, and if the weather holds out, it could be a bumper harvest. Two weather anomalies combined to devastate last year’s Northeast harvest. First, the crops in Massachusetts, Connecticut and New York were pretty much wiped out by what growers have dubbed the Valentine’s Day Massacre, when temperatures dropped below zero in many areas on Feb. 14_unusally cold even by normal winter standards — killing the flower buds. Then, New Jersey and Pennsylvania were hit by an unexpected cold spell last April. But so far this season, the weather has aligned perfectly. Peaches are typically harvested starting in July and because they are the first money crop of the year, play a critical role in the financial health of any fruit grower. ECONOMICS-THE DAY AHEAD Business and economic reports scheduled for today WASHINGTON (AP) —The National Association of Home Builders will release May’s housing market index today. Also, the Treasury Department will release international money flows data for March. GLOBAL CYBERATTACK Experts warn of new cyber cases LONDON (AP) —An executive at a cybersecurity firm that helped block a global ransomware attack says new variations of the malicious worm are circulating and researchers expect one to develop that can’t be stopped. Ryan Kalember, senior vice president at Proofpoint Inc., says that millions of devices could be vulnerable if they haven’t applied security patches over the weekend. He says if a new variant without a so-called kill switch pops up, then organizations will be on their own to prevent it from taking over their computers. Proofpoint and a British cybersecurity researcher teamed up Friday to derail the attack that was said to strike at least 100,000 organizations in 150 countries. It is believed to be the biggest online extortion ever, hitting British hospitals, German rail and companies and government agencies. Meanwhile, former U.S. national intelligence director James Clapper says the global “ransomware” attack could grow much larger when people return to work. Clapper told ABC’s “This Week” that he expects similar attacks to become a growing problem in the future. JAPAN-GLOBAL CYBERATTACK Japan wakes up to global ‘ransomware’ cyberattack TOKYO (AP) — Japan has fallen victim of a global “ransomware” cyberattack that has created chaos in 150 countries. Nissan Motor Co. confirmed Monday some units had been targeted, but there was no major impact on its business. Hitachi spokeswoman Yuko Tainiuchi said emails were slow or not getting delivered, and files could not be opened. The company believe the problems are related to the ransomware attack, although no ransom is being demanded. They were installing software to fix the problems. The Japan Computer Emergency Response Team Coordination Center said 2,000 computers at 600 companies in Japan had been affected. The attack, known as “WannaCry,” paralyzed computers that run Britain’s hospital network, Germany’s national railway and other companies and government agencies worldwide in what may be the largest online extortion scheme ever. GLOBAL CYBERATTACK-MICROSOFT UNDATED (AP) —The worldwide cyber-extortion attack has prompted Microsoft to take the unusual step of making security fixes available for older Windows systems. Before this, Microsoft had made fixes for older systems, such as 2001’s Windows XP, available only to mostly larger organizations that pay extra for extended support. But millions of individuals and smaller businesses still had such systems. Microsoft says now it will make the fixes free for everyone. Friday’s extortion attack, which locked up computers and held users’ files for ransom, is believed to be the biggest of its kind ever recorded. The ransomware appeared to exploit a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows that was purportedly identified by the U.S. National Security Agency for its own purposes and was later leaked to the internet. Microsoft released fixes for the vulnerability in March, but computers that didn’t run the update were subject to the ransom attack. Once inside an organization’s network, the malware behind the attack spread rapidly using this vulnerability. GLOBAL CYBERATTACK-MICROSOFT LAWYER Microsoft partly blames US gov’t for cyberattack LONDON (AP) — Microsoft’s top lawyer is laying some of the blame for Friday’s massive cyberattack at the feet of the U.S. government. Brad Smith criticized U.S. intelligence agencies, including the CIA and National Security Agency, for “stockpiling” software code that can be used by hackers. Cybersecurity experts say the unknown hackers who launched this weekend’s “ransomware” attacks used a vulnerability that was exposed in NSA documents leaked online. In a post on Microsoft’s blog, Smith says: “An equivalent scenario with conventional weapons would be the U.S. military having some of its Tomahawk missiles stolen.” Microsoft’s lawyer says governments should “report vulnerabilities” that they discover to software companies, “rather than stockpile, sell, or exploit them.” CHINA-NEW SILK ROAD China’s leader offers billions for new Silk Road initiative BEIJING (AP) — Chinese President Xi Jinping says his country’s state banks will provide tens of billions of dollars for projects that are part of his signature foreign policy initiative linking China to much of Asia, Europe and Africa. Xi made the announcement in his opening address Sunday to a two-day “Belt and Road” conference in Beijing that brought together leaders from 29 countries. The gathering is the latest high-profile appearance for Xi that casts him as a global leader and chief advocate for free trade. Presidents Vladimir Putin of Russia and Recep Tayyip Erdogan of Turkey also spoke at the opening ceremony. Washington is being represented by a junior delegation led by Matt Pottinger, special assistant to the president and senior director for East Asia at the National Security Council. PRODUCT RECALL Mississippi business recalls meat, poultry frozen products PEARL, Miss. (AP) — A Mississippi-based business is voluntarily recalling about 130,000 pounds of meat and poultry frozen entree products due to potential listeria contamination. Listeriosis, the infection caused by the listeria bacteria, can cause fever and muscle aches, often with other gastrointestinal symptoms. The U.S. Department of Agriculture’s Food Safety and Inspection Service said Friday that Valley Innovative Services of Pearl produced and packaged “Traditions” chicken and waffle, turkey ham and waffle and oatmeal with waffle and sausage patty frozen items from May 2016 through this May. The products subject to recall bear “EST. 18350” on the packaging label. These items were shipped to institutions nationwide. There have been no confirmed reports of adverse reactions due to consumption of the products. FROZEN BURRITOS-LISTERIA Frozen burritos maker relocates after recall, listeria scare LAS CRUCES, N.M. (AP) — The New Mexico company that recalled more than 252,000 pounds of frozen burritos because of possible listeria contamination says it’s relocating. Green Chile Concepts LLC said it will start making food products at its new manufacturing plant starting Monday in a long-planned move. The U.S. Department of Agriculture on Saturday announced the Green Chile Food Company recall for various frozen burritos containing meat and poultry, after a routine sample of a beef and potato burrito found a problem. The Las Cruces, New Mexico-based company voluntarily recalled the burritos, which have been sold frozen, refrigerated or served hot at convenience stores, vending machines and stores through distributors in California, Illinois, Oregon and South Dakota. There have been no reports of people getting sick. Listeria can cause serious illness and even death. FILM-BOX OFFICE ‘King Arthur’ flops, ‘Guardians 2’ still rules at box office LOS ANGELES (AP) — The first major box office flop of the summer movie season has arrived. Studio estimates on Sunday say director Guy Ritchie’s “King Arthur: Legend of the Sword” opened to a bleak $14.7 million from more than 3,700 locations against a costly $175 million production budget. The action pic starring Charlie Hunnam as Arthur debuted in third place behind the raunchy, R-rated Amy Schumer and Goldie Hawn comedy “Snatched,” in second place with $17.5 million. “Guardians of the Galaxy Vol. 2” continued its first place reign with $63 million. The “Guardians” sequel has earned $246.2 million domestically in just two weeks. Neither “King Arthur” nor “Snatched” were well-received by critics. “Snatched” fell behind Schumer’s “Trainwreck,” which opened to $30.6 million in July 2015. Related Topics All News Business News Defense News Entertainment News Government News Health News Technology News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Entertainment News » Update on the latest… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Today in History 1800: Washington, D.C. made official capital of United States Fed Photo of the Day Nuclear Regulatory Commission scientist crowned Miss USA Top Stories Air Force asks airmen to help revitalize squadrons Top Story Civil service reform at top of the agenda for Senate subcommittee this year Workforce USDA reorg plan spares major cuts despite Trump budget proposal Workforce Good gov’t groups ask House committee to rescind recent FOIA guidance to Treasury Congress Obituary: NSF CIO Amy Northcutt Reporter's Notebook THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN TICKER May 15, 2017 Close Change YTD L Income 18.8819 0.0217 2.24% L 2020 25.5183 0.0534 3.69% L 2030 28.4667 0.0912 5.24% L 2040 30.6687 0.1148 6.00% L 2050 17.5953 0.0748 6.69% G Fund 15.3203 0.0029 0.78% F Fund 17.7544 0.0019 1.75% C Fund 33.3771 0.1625 7.16% S Fund 43.2694 0.3181 5.78% I Fund 27.8087 0.1143 10.16% Closing price updated at approx 6pm EST. each business day. More at tsp.gov. Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Events, Partnerships, Conferences Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2017 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Connecting Iowans Join the conversation here Website Facebook Twitter Most Popular Most Recent ‘The Price is Right’ for Central City man NFL rookie George Kittle 'stuns' a pro wrestling crowd Hiking trails, observation deck work underway for top of Mount Trashmore Landon Cassill back in a Late Model at Hawkeye Downs Indianapolis Colts waive former Hawkeyes center Austin Blythe Kernels split double-header with Peoria Overflow shelter hopes to open every night this winter in Cedar Rapids Hiking trails, observation deck work underway for top of Mount Trashmore Podcast: 'Inside Track' welcomes Kyle Strickler to talk Super Weekend win Cedar Rapids sisters both head to National History Day final competition The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Sears It once was the Amazon of its day Video Photo A bird perches in the sign for Sears at Lindale Mall in Cedar Rapids on Tuesday, May 9, 2017. (Liz Martin/The Gazette) By Bloomberg News May 13, 2017 at 5:25 pm | Print View In 1989, Sears Roebuck & Co. ruled America as its biggest retailer. It loomed over rivals from a perch high above Chicago, inside what was once the world’s tallest building — one bearing the company’s name. The fall from that height may finally be nearing an end. Read the sidebar on Corridor Sears statistics here. Over the course of almost three decades, the company experienced what industry observers described as one of the most monumental collapses in business history. Despite its union with Kmart — the second-largest retailer from that era — and a stated belief that it still can turn things around, Sears is teetering on the edge of disaster. The latest bad news was revealed in March, when Sears acknowledged “substantial doubt” about its future, sending the stock plummeting, its worst decline in more than two years. S&P Global Market Intelligence declared Sears the retailer most vulnerable to defaulting in the next year. A Fitch Ratings study of retail bankruptcies also listed it as a company with a high risk of failure. The combined decline of Sears and Kmart, in terms of sales, is unprecedented, said Greg Portell, an analyst at A.T. Kearney. The seeds were planted by poor decision-making in the 1980s, during which time the company made a real estate play instead of focusing on selling. No senior executive over the next 28 years was able to put stops in place to prevent the slide. “The management mistake that Sears made, in retrospect, was that they never got to a spot where they could stop the free fall,” Portell said. It has been a slow, painful drop for these once-dominant brands. Sears, in particular, was synonymous with suburban American consumerism. It dominated retail and changed the way people shopped through its revolutionary catalog business — the Amazon.com of its era. Kmart accomplished a lot as well, rising to a spot right behind Sears by peppering the nation with its Super Center big-box shops and luring droves of shoppers with the promise of deep discounts, including, of course, the Blue Light Special. In the 1980s the company became acquisitive and made moves to diversify. In 1981, for example, Sears purchased Dean Witter Reynolds Inc. in a $607 million deal. The brokerage house was spun off in 1993. Also in 1981 it bought real estate business Coldwell Banker. The retailer sold it a dozen years later, for $230 million, to a California investment group. In 1993, the chain spun off Allstate Corp., the insurance company it had founded way back in 1931. By 1994, Sears and Kmart raked in a combined $111.4 billion, compared with powerhouse discounter Arkansas-based Wal-Mart Stores Inc.’s haul of $111.9 billion. All three retailers ranked in the top 15 in revenue, among companies in all industries, in 1995. Since then, they’ve gone in different directions. Sears and Kmart have watched their customer bases shrink amid a never-ending string of store closures. Wal-Mart’s sales grew almost fourfold over the next decade, as the behemoth tripled its locations and embarked on mass international expansion. Sears and Kmart each chose to trudge along, with little change in strategy. In 2002, Kmart filed for bankruptcy protection after years of weak sales and stiff competition from Wal-Mart. The chain and its 2,100 or so stores were in dire shape, gasping under a pile of debt while unable to get enough shoppers through the doors. At one point, Kmart’s biggest food distributor stopped shipments after the retailer was unable to make payments. Kmart would emerge from bankruptcy under the control of hedge fund billionaire Eddie S. Lampert and his business, ESL Investments. Then came the merger, then the biggest tie-up in the annals of retail. Since then, Sears and Kmart slowly have been dismantled by Lampert. Implementing a culture of warring tribes, one in which divisions would battle it out for resources, little cash was funneled back into reviving physical stores. Chunks of the business were sold to keep the lights on. In January, the company sold the famous tool brand Craftsman to Stanley Black and Decker Inc. for about $900 million. “He did nothing to maintain the stores — nothing to spiff them up and make them a nice place to go shopping,” said Robin Lewis, a longtime industry analyst and chief executive of the Robin Report. “You’ve got young people today that don’t even recognize Sears as a place where they would go. “I think people will just forget about it.” The Sears catalog Once, Sears was the disrupter, not the disrupted. When the Sears catalog first appeared on doorsteps in the 1890s, it fundamentally changed how Americans shopped. Back then, much of the population lived in rural areas, and they bought almost everything from little shops at rural junctions. These general stores had limited selection and charged exorbitant prices. They were the only game in town. “The Sears catalog had an even bigger impact in 1900 than Amazon has had today,” said Robert Gordon, a professor at Northwestern University and author of “The Rise and Fall of American Growth.” As with today’s e-commerce powerhouse, the Sears catalog provided shoppers more choice than ever, and at lower prices. Sears freed shoppers from the tyranny of the local general merchant and improved their living standards. “The cost of living went down the minute Sears became available,” Gordon said. ‘Decisive actions’ Searching for parallels of Sears’s fall through business history, Gordon could find none. “There is nothing like the decline of Sears and Kmart,” he said. Howard Riefs, a spokesman for Sears, said the company has made strides in combining physical stores with digital initiatives, such as allowing consumers to purchase online items they can later pick up in person. As for the risk disclosed in the March filing, Riefs said that while historical performance prompted that statement, Sears’s financial plans and forecast “do not reflect the continuation of that performance.” Sears is focused on improving and has made “decisive actions” in recent months, he said. “Despite the risks outlined, we are confident in our financial position and remain focused on executing our transformation plan.” The focus of that plan is “how we can make shopping easier,” Riefs said. “We believe the key is to truly integrate the shopping channels. It’s a combination of store and online and mobile. It’s not just one thing anymore.” Still in business in the Corridor, but down from four stores in the Corridor to two By George C. Ford, correspondent In the Corridor, Sears operates a store in Cedar Rapids and Kmart has a store at 901 Hollywood Blvd. in Iowa City. That represents a sharp reduction from Sears stores in Coralville and in Cedar Rapids as well as two Kmart stores in Cedar Rapids. In 2012, Sears sold its 98,000-square-foot store in Coral Ridge Mall to General Growth Properties, the owner of the mall, after it closed the anchor store. General Growth has gutted the building, added 6,000 square feet, and repurposed the building for multiple tenants including Home Goods and Marshall’s. Sears sold its 129,000-square-foot store at Lindale Mall to Seritage SRC Finance LLC, a publicly traded real estate investment trust that it created but does not control. The anchor store, constructed in 1960, was remodeled in 1994 and gained additional retail sales area in 1999 when 15,000 square feet of storage space was converted. Kmart closed its 127,000-square-foot store at 2727 16th Ave. SW in Cedar Rapids in 2012. MidAmerican Aerospace, a supplier of aircraft parts, bought the building and remodeled it. In December 2013, Kmart closed its store at 180 Collins Rd. NE, ending a 43-year presence in Cedar Rapids. That building was remodeled in connection with the redevelopment of the surrounding 146,000-square-foot retail complex by RCG Ventures of Atlanta. Tenants of the rebranded Collins Crossing include Firehouse Subs, Great Clips, Hobby Lobby, Home Goods, Shoe Carnival, Versona and Wendy’s. Specialty grocer Fresh Market operated a 24,000-square-foot anchor store from October 2014 to May 2016, when the Greensboro, N.C.-based chain closed 13 stores across four states. Read the sidebar on Corridor Sears statistics here. Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps Your next Business articles Flexsteel plans to keep factory in Dubuq ... Anheuser-Busch will invest $2 billion The Ground Floor: Marion consignment sho ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
International Business Times UK UK World Business Politics Fintech Technology Science Sport Entertainment Opinion Video Pictures Log out Newsletter Signup Movies Celebrity TV Music WWE Entertainment Travis Scott arrested for inciting a riot, endangering welfare of a minor in Arkansas Scott was arrested at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion, where he held his concert on 13 May. By Jigmey Bhutia May 15, 2017 07:50 BST Travis Scott was arrested after he allegedly called on fans to jump the barricades at Lollapalooza in 2015.Dave Kotinsky/Getty Images Rapper Travis Scott was reportedly arrested from his concert at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion in Rogers, Arkansas, on Saturday night (13 May). According to TMZ, law enforcement officials hauled the La Flame hitmaker immediately after he exited the stage and transported him to the Benton County Sheriff's Office, where he was booked for inciting a riot, endangering welfare of a minor and disorderly conduct. Scott was released without bail the same night. However, he will have to return to Arkansas for a court date. Rogers Police Department told the news website that Scott, whose real name is Jacques Webster, was arrested as several people were injured including a security guard and a police officer after the 25-year-old rapper "encouraged" fans to rush to the stage and bypass normal security protocols. The injured were treated by members of the Rogers Fire Department and Mercy Medical, according to reports. A source close to Scott has said that the singer's intention was not to create chaos and cause harm to anyone at the venue but was just to fill up the available space at the front in the general admission. This isn't the first time that Scott has been arrested for causing trouble at his concerts. He was arrested after he allegedly called on fans to jump the barricades at Lollapalooza in 2015. Scott was issued a misdemeanour charge for reckless conduct and was released from custody after posting bail, Chicago Police Department spokesperson had said. More from IBTimes UK Sir Elton John wishes his mum a Happy Mother's Day after years of estrangement Zoe Ball 'raised the alarm to his friend' hours before her boyfriend Billy Yates was found dead Eurovision 2017: Lucie Jones says she will 'never give up' on her fans after 'flawless' performance Share More Stay up to date with our daily newsletter YOU MIGHT LIKE THISSponsored Content by Taboola IBT Video Close Portugal wins Eurovision Song Contest for first time in 53 years Columnists Nazir Afzal “I prosecuted the Rochdale child grooming gang. It wasn't about race READ MORE Taylor Swift sent the sweetest note and flowers to fan who invited her to graduation party Singer made surprise gesture by way of apology after being unable to attend. Kristen Stewart's girlfriend Stella Maxwell strips naked Rumours mills have been abuzz with talks of Maxwell and Stewart 'moving in together'. Harry Styles reveals regret over former One Direction bandmate Zayn Malik's eating disorder Carolina singer was unaware of pal's struggle and admits he 'wishes' he had known. Steve Harvey confirms leaked 'diva' email to staff: 'I didn't want to be in this prison anymore' TV host accused of being on a power trip after sending memo ordering colleagues not to... Naomi Watts vows to 'do no harm' in steamy first trailer for Netflix thriller series Gypsy Mulholland Drive actor plays an amoral therapist who embarks on sexual relationships with... Ivanka Trump's ambition to be US president revealed in Channel 4 documentary It runs in the family... Watch heartwarming moment young WWE fan battling cancer meets his wrestling idols Wrestlers AJ Styles and Randy Orton met 12-year-old Jake Smith at... Which characters will appear in the Game Of Thrones spin-off? George R R Martin reveals all Martin, who wrote the GOT books, shared new details of the prequel... SMTV Live comeback: Ant and Dec bring 'the team back together' as Cat Deeley expected to return Popular weekend morning show set to return in 2018. Instagram erupts at Mark Wright's very well-endowed underwear clip – 'Michelle is a lucky woman' Former Towie star is promoting his ITV2 show The Gossip. Deadmau5 countersues e-commerce website over cat Prof. Meowingtons' name Meowingtons.com had filed a case against the DJ in March after he... Miss USA 2017 winner Kara McCullough slammed for comments on 'man-hating' feminism During the beauty contest, McCullough also addressed healthcare in... Fintech Focus weekly Keep up with the latest in blockchain, cryptocurrency and other fintech news. Straight to your inbox every Friday. Sign up now Win an iPhone 7 About IBT Leadership Meet the team Advertise Brand Terms of service Privacy Permission Syndication Contact Editions: Australia China India Italy Japan U.K. U.S. © Copyright 2017 IBTimes Co., Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Facebook Twitter Linkedin Google Plus RSS
Tech News Home > Tech > Tech News < Back to SMG 45 Monday, 15 May 2017 | MYT 12:46 PM Wal-Mart pushing hard to catch Amazon in e-commerce Packages moving along a conveyor belt inside a Wal-Mart fulfilment centre in Pennsylvania. The vigour of Wal-Mart’s online investments today contrasts with its initial reticence in e-commerce, which was due to worries that growth of online shopping would cut into sales at brick-and-mortar stores. — Bloomberg NEW YORK: Wal-Mart Stores, the 800-pound gorilla of retail, is running hard to catch up in an increasingly crucial segment where it is neither the biggest nor the best: e-commerce.  The company, founded in 1962 by Sam Walton, has been gobbling up smaller and niche players in e-commerce in an effort to reach online shopping market leader Amazon.  Whether those efforts are paying off will be a focal point when Wal-Mart Stores reports quarterly earnings on May 18.  A bit more than half of all funds spent online in the United States now goes to Amazon, according to the bank Macquarie.  Part of Amazon’s success stems from its breadth of offerings, which includes the Kindle that people use for reading and the Prime service that broadcasts popular television shows, said Krista Fabregas, e-commerce staff writer at FitSmallBusiness.com.  ”It’s because Amazon has been doing such a great job at injecting itself into our everyday life,” she told AFP.  ”Wal-Mart is not part of everyday life, nor is Macy’s, nor is Gap, nor the other stores. We don’t have a connection with any of them throughout the day.”  Shopping spree  Wal-Mart has been doing some shopping of its own, in an effort to make up ground against Amazon.  It spent US$3.3bil (RM14.31bil) last year to buy Jet.com, which was started by e-commerce entrepreneur Marc Lore, whose previous company was sold to Amazon for US$550mil (RM2.38bil).  Lore is now chief executive of Walmart eCommerce US, where he oversees 15,000 employees split between Silicon Valley, Boston, Omaha and Bentonville, Arkansas, where Wal-Mart is based.  His annual salary at US$237mil (RM1.02bil) is 10 times that of Wal-Mart chief executive Doug McMillon.   In less than five months, Lore has directed Wal-Mart to a number of acquisitions, including Shoebuy.com (US$70mil/RM303.55mil), ModCloth (US$45mil/RM195.14mil) and MooseJaw (US$51mil/RM221.16mil).   Wal-Mart is also in talks to acquire the menswear chain Bonobos for US$300mil (RM1.30bil), according to a person close to the matter.  Part of Wal-Mart’s objective is to become a go-to place online for “essential” products, such as toilet paper, beauty products, groceries and holiday gifts and children’s toys.  ”We are focusing on the type of products that customers buy most,” said Wal-Mart spokesman Ravi Jariwala. “We want to make sure that we have the best prices, shipping to your home or offering a pickup discount.”  Wal-Mart in February scrapped a subscription delivery program that was a rival to Amazon Prime in favour of a guarantee of free two-day shipping for orders of more than US$35 (RM151).   Under the programme, customers can also pick up orders free if they go to one of Wal-Mart’s 4,700 US stores.   Amazon keeps edge  These efforts may cut into Amazon’s lead in e-commerce, but overtaking Amazon appears unlikely anytime soon.  ”They have invested heavily on channels. It will restore growth that was necessary for survival,” said Keith Anderson of e-commerce analytics firm Profitero.  ”I don’t see anything that suggests that Wal-Mart would catch up to Amazon or beat Amazon, but it’s still very early,” he said.  The vigor of Wal-Mart’s online investments today contrasts with its initial reticence in e-commerce, which was due to worries that growth of online shopping would cut into sales at brick-and-mortar stores.  Wal-Mart also was slow to introduce platforms for individual vendors who sought a venue for goods and did not introduce such an online marketplace until 2015, much after Amazon.  Hannah Donoghue, director of advisory at Planet Retail RNG, said it is still relatively early in the game as far as e-commerce.   Amazon is “the strongest right now, they are far ahead but there are a lot of innovations underway,” Donoghue said. “I don’t think Amazon will be the only one. There will be another strong player.”  For now, Wall Street is giving the edge to Amazon, valuing the technology giant at US$453mil (RM1.96bil), compared with Wal-Mart’s US$230mil (RM997.39mil).  That’s in spite of Wal-Mart’s far greater overall revenues, which were US$485.9bil (RM2.10bil) in 2016, more than 11 times those of Amazon. — AFP Tags / Keywords: Foreign News , Corporate News , Life & Style , Technology Related Stories You May Be Interested Brace for chaos if US expands airline laptop ban Google takes Owlchemy Labs under its wing Ransomware attack again thrusts US spy agency into unwanted spotlight Cyberattack hits China government, schools, but spread slows Corporates, governments fight back as cyberattack spreads 10 after work habits for personal success Others Also Read Teachers known for their tough love Food to satisfy all tastebuds Alonso swaps notes with Andretti at Indy 500 practice advertisement Latest News Eversendai secures contracts worth RM1.3bil in 2017 Matrix Concepts records stronger FY17 earnings, unbilled sales of RM859mil Sime Darby Motors sells PSA business in Australia, NZ Uber must return stolen Waymo files, can continue self-driving work China central bank injects net 170bil yuan, the most in nearly 4 months Most Viewed in Tech Don’t WannaCry? Protect yourself from ransomware (Updated) New WannaCry variant surfaces Researchers see possible North Korea link to global cyber attack West Bengal state power company's computers hit by ransomware attack Cyberattack could spark lawsuits but not against Microsoft Uber must return stolen Waymo files, can continue self-driving work For some ransomware victims, hard lessons Facebook still accessible in Thailand as government deadline passes Ransomware attack again thrusts US spy agency into unwanted spotlight Malaysia’s mapping communities switch gears Powered by advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds AP $7.5M settlement approved in Wal-Mart same-sex benefits case May 15, 2017 Updated 6 hrs ago BOSTON (AP) — A $7.5 million class action settlement between Wal-Mart and a former employee who challenged the retail chain's lack of health insurance benefits for her same-sex spouse was approved by a federal judge on Monday. The settlement will pay for claims by current and former Wal-Mart associates in the U.S. and Puerto Rico that they were unable to obtain health insurance for their same-sex spouses from 2011 to 2013. About 380 claims have been submitted. U.S. District Judge William Young approved the settlement after a brief hearing in federal court in Boston. The lawsuit was filed in 2015 by Jacqueline Cote, a Wal-Mart associate from Massachusetts who said the company denied medical insurance for her wife. Bentonville, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart Stores Inc. began offering benefits for same-sex spouses in 2014. Cote, whose wife died of ovarian cancer in 2016, said she was pleased Wal-Mart was willing to resolve the issue for her and other associates who are married to someone of the same sex. "It's a relief to bring this chapter of my life to a close," she said in a statement. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Wal-Mart's senior vice president for global benefits, Sally Welborn, said the company was happy to resolve the case. "We will continue to not distinguish between same and opposite sex spouses when it comes to the benefits we offer under our health insurance plan," Welborn said in a statement. Cote was represented by the Boston-based group GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders, the Washington Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights & Urban Affairs and private law firms. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business General News Access To Health Care Health Legal Settlements Legal Proceedings Law And Order National Courts Courts Judiciary Government And Politics National Governments Class Action Lawsuits Lawsuits Gays And Lesbians Retail Industry Retail And Wholesale Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Latest in section China's chase of the 'golden visa' abroad, by the numbers Maine Democrat proposes internet privacy regulations AP Exclusive: Chinese spent $24B on US, other 'golden visas' Ski areas planning a variety of summer activities Fidget spinners, the hit toy that spun out of nowhere More on this topic China's chase of the 'golden visa' abroad, by the numbers Maine Democrat proposes internet privacy regulations AP Exclusive: Chinese spent $24B on US, other 'golden visas' Ski areas planning a variety of summer activities Fidget spinners, the hit toy that spun out of nowhere Most Popular on nwi.com Strack & Van Til owner $225 million in debt, eyes three more closings Jewel attempting to buy Strack & Van Til for $100 million Centier Bank robbed in Merrillville 25-year-old St. John woman killed in car crash One night in East Chicago, 2 kids killed Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents 219 The best whiskeys under $100 Entertainment Slideshow: Best-selling books National News A timeline of recent airline controversies Former smokers' rights advocate: Let's raise the cigarette tax $1.50 a pack Rhode Island could ban lingering in leftmost highway lane Penguins knot series with 1-0 Game 2 victory over Senators Celtics power past Wizards in Game 7, 115-105 Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Scan Studio 817 Broadway, 5th Floor, New York, NY 10003 Albert's Diamond Jewelers 711 Main St, Schererville, IN 46375 Ads Angelo's Prime Market 1542 US Highway 41, Schererville, IN 46375 NWI Generator 1131 Breuckman Dr., Crown Point, IN 46307 Ads Business Directory Latest Local Offers Chesterton Toys Offering kid-powered entertainment to kids of all ages! Check out www.chestertontoys.com today! May 4, 2017 J & J Coins & Stamps We also offer appraisal and jewelry repair services. Call or stop in today! Apr 25, 2017 K's Construction & Roofing Inc Your Home Is Your Castle. Protect It & Everything Under It. Call K's Construction & Roofing @ 219-405-5146 for an Estimate Today. May 4, 2017 Andy's Home Inspection Andy's Home Inspection service serves Northwest Indiana and Southwest Michigan May 4, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Wal-Mart, Home Depot, TJX could reverse retail's earnings disaster CNBC Patti Domm 1 day ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL Bets on OPEC rally are gone, and that may be good for crude In cashless Sweden, even God now takes collection via an app Click to expand Replay Video Massive global cyberattack is bigger than experts thought The worldwide cyberattack that crippled England's health organization and disrupted Germany's rail service could still get worse. Newsy Department stores see bigger job losses than coal mines For decades, Americans have loved to shop at malls. But now, the industry as a whole is taking a bit hit. Veuer's Nick Cardona (@nickcardona93) has that story. Veuer China's new 'Silk Road': Big plan, big challenges? Chinese President Xi Jinping urges backing for his new Silk Road Initiative while addressing world leaders at a summit in Beijing, stressing the importance of rejecting protectionism in seeking global economic growth. As David Pollard reports, China ihas pledged $124 billion to make the plan a reality. Reuters SETTINGS OFF HD HQ SD LO The Week Ahead: New Google gadgets on tap CNBC See more videos SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL What to watch next Massive global cyberattack is bigger than experts thought Newsy1:08 Department stores see bigger job losses than coal mines Veuer0:44 China's new 'Silk Road': Big plan, big challenges? Reuters1:53 Disney faces tough questions about ESPN The Wall Street Journal.0:37 These states have the highest cost of living in the US CNBC0:59 HTC unveils 'squeezy' phone for selfies BBC News1:23 Explore the shipwrecked Titanic for $105,000 The Wall Street Journal.0:58 Could worldwide cyber attack lead to crackdown on bitcoin? Fox Business5:03 Tesla's solar roof may be stylish, but is it affordable? Newsy0:42 This mom launched a business to save daughter from bullies; it's now worth $65M CNBC1:52 Do fidget spinners really help with ADHD? Nope, experts say Money1:40 Trump is reportedly selling his Caribbean estate for $28 million — take a look inside Business Insider1:36 Fewer Chinese buy overseas property Reuters1:28 Facebook is as addictive as chocolate and nicotine Veuer0:35 Cracks in the TI-84 calculator monopoly? CNN Money1:57 This paramedic built a 7-figure company CNBC0:49 UP NEXT Earnings season saved the worst for last with a major retail bombshell, but now it will be up to Wal-Mart, TJX, Home Depot and others to change the industry's tone in the week ahead. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 76.29 +0.58 +0.77% TJX Companies Inc TJX ▼ 76.90 -0.41 -0.53% Rexnord Corp RXN ▲ 23.32 +0.34 +1.48% Cisco Systems Inc CSCO ▲ 34.23 +0.78 +2.33% AdChoices Retailers always bring up the rear in earnings season, with more than 450 S&P 500 companies already reporting as of Friday. Feeling the continued pressure from online sales, department stores Macy's, Kohl's, Nordstrom and Dillard's soured what has been a strong earnings season. Their stocks continued to get slammed Friday, with Macy's down 18 percent for the week and Nordstrom down 16 percent. The big chains are being crushed by too much floor space, in a world where consumers are increasingly going online instead of to the mall. April's 0.4 percent gain in retail sales, while below estimates, still signaled that consumers are reasonably healthy but may have changed spending patterns. April online sales rose 1.4 percent. One bright spot was that March headline retail sales were revised higher to show a slight 0.1 percent gain, from a decline. Wal-Mart (WMT) reports earnings this Thursday, and TJX (TJX) and Home Depot (HD)report Tuesday in another week dominated by retailers' earnings. Of those three, only Wal-Mart is expected to see lower profits, with earnings per share down about 2 percent, according to Thomson Reuters. Off-price retailer TJX, down less than 2 percent for the week, may be a winner as the slide in department stores deepens. Retailer earnings/sales expectations for week of May 15 © Provided by CNBC Source: Thomson Reuters Reports are also expected from discount chain Target, which has been struggling of late, and Gap (GPS) and Urban Outfitters (GPS), both in the weak apparel space. Earnings for the S&P 500 companies so far are up nearly 15 percent, thanks in part to an outsized pop in energy earnings based on favorable comparisons for oil in the first quarter, according to Thomson Reuters. That's the best earnings growth since 2011. Load Error The afterglow of a strong earnings season could help support stocks in a week with little economic data. "You have to look at what's happening in the retail sector as an anomaly in the context of overall S&P 500 earnings," said Dan Suzuki, equity strategist at Bank of America Merrill Lynch. He said companies are more confident in their earnings outlooks, though he believes this is the peak quarter for earnings gains, in part based on the energy bounce. "For the last two months in a row, you've seen more instances of companies guiding above expectations than below," he said. "That ratio of above versus below is almost double the historical average." The ratio of above-vs.-below consensus earnings guidance rose above 1.0 in both March and April, the highest levels since late 2014 and well above the long-term average of 0.6. BofA also studied earnings comments on conference calls to gauge the attitude of companies and finds that they are more upbeat than they've been in a long while. The use of the word "better," compared with uses of "worse" or "weaker," was at the highest level since 2010. © Provided by CNBC Stocks managed to suffer relatively small losses in the past week even as retailers were ripped; social media stock Snap got whacked, and the big expected rebound in economic data was less significant than many hoped for. On top of that, there was one of the biggest ruckuses out of Washington since President Donald Trump entered the White House. Sideshow on the 'showboat' Washington in the past week put on one of the biggest sideshows yet over the president's firing of FBI Director James Comey, who was investigating the Trump campaign's ties to Russia. Trump said he'd been itching to fire him all along and that he was a "showboat" and "grandstander." But though the ill-timed firing created an explosion of criticism, lots of finger-pointing, and calls for a special prosecutor, stocks showed little impact. There was little fallout in markets. But the big risk is that the bipartisan and in some cases partisan squabbling over Comey could slow down efforts to move forward on a new health-care plan and tax reform. The prospect of tax reform has been supporting stock prices, though investors have been lowering their expectations for when it might be approved. Suzuki said investors are split over whether tax reform could happen this year or whether it will now be into next year. "It's 50-50 in terms of people who think it's going to get done this year," he said. If it starts looking like it will be later, rather than sooner, that's when the market could get hurt. "That's why we think, even though we have such a stellar first-quarter earnings season, the risk/rewards turn negative over the next several months. We think the market will turn higher at the end of the year, but between now and then there will be a lot of chop," he said. The VIX, (.VIX) CBOE's Volatility index, dipped to a decade low below 10 just before Comey's firing. By the end of the week it was just up to 10.40, still a very low level signaling lots of market complacency. It's not just stocks, as the low volatility has crept into currencies and bonds. The S&P 500 (.SPX) was down 0.3 percent for the week, at 2,390. The Nasdaq was positive, up 0.3 at 6,121. Treasury yields, which move inversely to prices, were lower on the week. The 2-year (US2Y) yield, which most reflects the activity of the Fed on interest rates, edged down to 1.28 percent. Suzuki said he expects stocks to end the year higher but he would not be surprised to see a 6 to 7 percent decline in the S&P, down to about 2,200. "You had the political support for optimism around tax reform. That's likely to fade in the coming months. You had the backdrop of improving global growth and confidence over the last couple of months. You've seen some of the major PMIs globally start to roll over," he said. Suzuki, like other analysts, is watching China to see if signs of slowing there increase. Industrial production and retail sales for China will be reported Sunday night, well ahead of the U.S. open Monday. In the U.S., there is Empire State manufacturing data Monday and the Philadelphia Fed survey Thursday. Both are important early indicators of the state of business activity in the second quarter. © Provided by CNBC What to Watch Monday Earnings: Trivago, (TRVG) Nippon Telegraph, Noah Holdings, DXP Enterprises (DXPE) 8:30 a.m. Empire State manufacturing 10:00 a.m. NAHB survey 4:00 p.m. TIC data Tuesday Earnings: Home Depot, TJX Cos, Dick's Sporting Goods (DKS), Weibo, Red Robin Gourmet Burgers (RRGB), Urban Outfitters, Jack in the Box, Vodafone, Staples, (SPLS) Manchester United 8:30 a.m. Housing starts 8:30 a.m. Business leaders survey 9:15 a.m. Industrial production Wednesday Earnings: Target, L Brands (LB), Cisco System, (CSCO) Tencent, American Eagle Outfitters, Flower Foods, ZTO Express, Rexnord (RXN) 7:00 a.m. Mortgage applications Thursday Earnings: Wal-Mart, Alibaba (BABA), Applied Materials, Autodesk, Salesforce.com, (CRM) Gap, Burberry, Ralph Lauren, McKesson, Ross Stores (ROST), Buckle, Eagle Materials 8:30 a.m. Initial claims 8:30 a.m. Philadelphia Fed survey 1:00 p.m. Cleveland Fed President Loretta Mester Friday Earnings: Campbell Soup (CPB), Deere, Foot Locker (FL) 9:15 a.m. St. Louis Fed President James Bullard Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from CNBC Cheniere Energy stock pops 4% on talks to boost LNG exports to China CNBC Economy rebounding but maybe more muted after retail sales, consumer inflation CNBC US rises to the top of the list of major markets with big political risk CNBC CNBC View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Skip to content Menu Local News Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Health Data Northwest Times Watchdog Business & Tech Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Nation & World Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars Mariners Sounders Storm High School Sports Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Food & Drink Travel & Outdoors Wellness Pets Rant & Rave Pacific NW Magazine Homes & Real Estate Opinion Editorials Letters to the Editor Video Photography Obituaries News Obituaries Paid Obituaries Jobs Shop Autos Log In Subscribe Search Business Local Biz/Tech Sports Entertainment Life Travel Homes Opinion | Jobs Autos Shop Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Boeing & Aerospace Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate All Sections Local Traffic Lab Crime Local Politics Education Education Lab Eastside Northwest Data Health Times Watchdog News Obituaries Photo & Video Nation & World Politics Oddities Photos of the Day Business Boeing Amazon Microsoft Technology Economy Real Estate Sports Seahawks Huskies Cougars High Schools Mariners Sounders Snow Sports Geoff Baker Matt Calkins Larry Stone Bob Condotta Forums On TV/Radio Entertainment Movies Books Music Theater Classical Music Television Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Life Pacific NW Magazine Food & Drink Happy Hour Wellness Home & Decor Pets Rant & Rave Bethany Jean Clement Travel Outdoors Northwest Hikes Washington Oregon B.C. Hawaii Opinion Editorials Letters Op-Eds Kate Riley Mark Higgins Brier Dudley Jonathan Martin Thanh Tan Blanca Torres Columnists Nicole Brodeur FYI Guy Mary Ann Gwinn Ron Judd Jerry Large Seattle Sketcher Jon Talton Danny Westneat Jobs Autos Homes Listings Classifieds Paid Obituaries NWshowcase Sponsored Posts ShopNW Seattle Times Store Contact FAQs Subscriber Services Print Replica iOS App Android App Business Log In Subscribe Business Nation & World $7.5M settlement approved in Wal-Mart same-sex benefits case Originally published May 14, 2017 at 9:21 pm Updated May 15, 2017 at 2:51 pm Share story By The Associated Press The Associated Press BOSTON (AP) — A $7.5 million class action settlement between Wal-Mart and a former employee who challenged the retail chain’s lack of health insurance benefits for her same-sex spouse was approved by a federal judge on Monday. The settlement will pay for claims by current and former Wal-Mart associates in the U.S. and Puerto Rico that they were unable to obtain health insurance for their same-sex spouses from 2011 to 2013. About 380 claims have been submitted. U.S. District Judge William Young approved the settlement after a brief hearing in federal court in Boston. The lawsuit was filed in 2015 by Jacqueline Cote, a Wal-Mart associate from Massachusetts who said the company denied medical insurance for her wife. Bentonville, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart Stores Inc. began offering benefits for same-sex spouses in 2014. Most Read Stories 'Love and Trouble': Claire Dederer's midlife take on sex and self-perception | Nicole & Co. U2 at CenturyLink: Political, passionate, larger than life  VIEW Sinclair requires stations, including KOMO, to air segments tilting to the right Receiver Kenny Lawler a standout as Seahawks conclude rookie mini-camp Pioneer Square's F.X. McRory's is movingUnlimited Digital Access. $1 for 4 weeks. Cote, whose wife died of ovarian cancer in 2016, said she was pleased Wal-Mart was willing to resolve the issue for her and other associates who are married to someone of the same sex. “It’s a relief to bring this chapter of my life to a close,” she said in a statement. Wal-Mart’s senior vice president for global benefits, Sally Welborn, said the company was happy to resolve the case. “We will continue to not distinguish between same and opposite sex spouses when it comes to the benefits we offer under our health insurance plan,” Welborn said in a statement. Cote was represented by the Boston-based group GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders, the Washington Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights & Urban Affairs and private law firms. The Associated Press View Comments No personal attacks or insults, no hate speech, no profanity. Please keep the conversation civil and help us moderate this thread by reporting any abuse. See our Commenting FAQ. Powered by Livefyre The opinions expressed in reader comments are those of the author only, and do not reflect the opinions of The Seattle Times. Next Story Town coffers crumble along with a region’s home foundations Previous Story Study: Tanglewood generates $103M economic impact Contact Newsroom staff list FAQ Contact form About the company Seattle Restaurant Week Newspapers in Education Fund for the Needy Employment Historical Archives Pulitzers Company information Permissions Seattle Times Store Advertise Classifieds Autos Homes Obituary Jobs Media Kit Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Subscribe Activate Account Manage Subscription Place Temporary Hold Report Delivery Issue Make a Payment Print Replica Today’s Front Page Facebook Twitter RSS Feeds Newsletters Mobile Apps Subscribe Copyright © 2017 The Seattle Times Company | Privacy statement | Terms of service Get our Morning Brief delivered to your inbox. Custom-curated news highlights, delivered weekday mornings. Email address By signing up you are agreeing to our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service. Thanks for signing up! Your Morning Brief will arrive every weekday morning. Back to the story
News Sports Business Real Estate 79° Full Menu 79° Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com Walmart sells more than $1 billion of merchandise per day. In the week ahead the company is scheduled to release its first quarter financial results on Thursday. Jae C. Hong AP File/May 9, 2013 Business Monday May 12, 2017 7:00 AM In the week ahead, watch Walmart’s strategy to combat the Amazon effect BY TOM HUDSON Special to the Miami Herald LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story If the rumors of the death of retail are true, don’t tell it to the customers and shareholders of Walmart. Names like hhgregg, Limited Stores and Wet Seal have declared bankruptcy, setting a record pace this year for retailers going broke. Others, such as Macy’s, JCPenney’s and Urban Outfitters, are closing some stores. But wait. Unemployment is low. Consumer confidence is strong and credit card debt is as high as it has been since the end of the Great Recession. Shoppers clearly are buyers. And we are still buying the same stuff — furniture, clothes, toys — but how and where we are buying is changing. This is the Amazon effect. While it is hurting some retailers, it isn’t killing retail. Monthly retail sales were up 5 percent in March. That includes in-store and online, including mobile. Sure, e-commerce is growing faster, but retailers keep stocking their shelves and we keep consuming. It’s relevancy and price competition that injure and kill retailers. Just ask Sears or RadioShack. Related content Walmart sells more than $1 billion of merchandise per day. In the week ahead, the company is scheduled to release its first quarter financial results on Thursday. This is the first quarter since Walmart canceled the effort to compete directly against Amazon Prime’s free two-day shipping service. Instead, Walmart’s newest strategy to battle the Amazon effect is just a few weeks old. In April, Walmart began discounting items shoppers buy online and pick up in stores. Investors will want to hear about any early results and plans to expand the service this quarter. This year, Walmart stock has been a better investment than the S&P 500 Stock Index. It also has performed better than more than half of the stocks in the Dow Jones Industrial Average. Investors think Walmart and its customers are up to the challenge presented by the Amazon effect. Financial journalist Tom Hudson hosts “The Sunshine Economy” on WLRN-FM in Miami. Follow him on Twitter @HudsonsView. LinkedIn Google+ Pinterest Reddit Print Order Reprint of this Story Suggested for you   Comments   Videos facebook twitter email Share More Videos Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email a month ago WOW takes flight from Miami 0:54 a month ago WOW takes flight from Miami 0:41 4 months ago Pollo Tropical looks to get back on top 1:39 9 months ago Historic Overtown Visitor Center tries to redefine the perception of Overtown View More Video Business Monday Senior-level hires and promotions for the week of May 15, 2017 Live at the Metrorail station — and bid horrible South Dixie traffic goodbye? Real estate buyers from China, elsewhere in Asia increasingly eye Miami Dorothy Terrell reflects on a life of achievement in the corporate world Ex-Marine’s security company serves the public — and celebs like Queen Latifah, Betty Wright Business Monday Editor's Choice Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
Jump to navigation Register / Sign in Sign Up Recipes Food Home Garden Wellbeing Shop By Maria Rodale Video #myorganiclife About Us Submission Guidelines Promotions Contact Us Manage Email Preferences Media Kit Rodale Inc. Brands Copyright Notice Terms of Use Amazon Affiliate Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017 Rodale Inc. No reproduction, transmission or display is permitted without the written permissions of Rodale Inc. Privacy Policy.   About Us. Enter the terms you wish to search for. Organic Gardening 101 Food Wellbeing Eco Fashion Shop Food news Two Huge Cases Of Organic Food Fraud Have Been Exposed This Month—Here's What You Should Know First dairy, now corn and soybeans—how far does the deception go? By Stephanie Eckelkamp May 15, 2017 marykan/ Getty When you shell out the extra bucks for certified organic fruits, veggies, dairy, and packaged foods, you should feel confident that you’re getting a cleaner, higher quality product, and that your money benefits farmers engaged in ethical, sustainable practices.  But according to two recent exposés by the Washington Post, that’s not always the case. Get ready to be pissed off. Advertisement Advertisement Free Newsletter Keep this field blank Enter your email address You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy | About Us (Whether you're starting your first garden or switching to organic, Rodale’s Basic Organic Gardening has all the answers and advice you need.) The Largest U.S. Producer Of Organic Milk Isn't Following The Rules Tony C French/ Getty Earlier this month, the Washington Post broke a story claiming that Aurora Organic Dairy, a large, U.S.-based organic milk producer that supplies store-brand organic milk to retailers like Walmart, Costco, and Target, has been operating illegally by failing to graze their cattle according to USDA organic standards.   In order for dairy to be certified organic, cows are supposed to graze daily throughout the growing season. But when reporters visited Aurora’s enormous High Plains dairy complex in Colorado (home to 15,000 cows) on eight separate occasions, “signs of grazing were sparse, at best.” Reporters cited seeing only a few hundred cows on pasture, and a satellite photo taken in mid-July—peak grazing time—backed up their claim. Related: This New Study Shows That Eating Organic Food Can Actually Prevent Weight Gain Of course, a spokesperson for Aurora denied any wrongdoing. But the article goes on to further dismantle their defense, providing evidence that the nutritional profile of Aurora’s milk suggests that their cows were eating very little grass. Testing by Virginia Tech scientists showed that on key indicators of grass-feeding—levels of two healthy fats, conjugated linoleic acid (CLA) and alpha-linolenic acid (a type of omega-3)—Aurora’s milk more closely resembled conventional milk than organic.  One big problem, according to the article, is inadequate inspections—for one, the last annual inspection for Aurora’s High Plains dairy was in November, well after grazing season, meaning inspectors would have no idea if they were following grazing rules. Plus, farmers hire their own inspectors from lists of private companies and organizations licensed by the USDA, and inspections are often set up days or weeks in advance—rarely are they unannounced.  Clearly, this is a blow to small farms that are following USDA organic guidelines and rely on the label to boost sales.  Read the full story here: Why your ‘organic’ milk may not be organic  Imported 'Organics'—Especially Corn And Soy—Carry Added Risk Of Fraud studio2013/ Getty Just days ago, the Washington Post published another organic exposé on imported corn and soybeans. According to the article, reporters examined records for a shipment of 36 million pounds of soybeans from Ukraine to Turkey to California. At the beginning of their journey, these were ordinary, pesticide-treated soybeans; but by the time they reached California, they had been labeled “organic”—and their value increased by about $4 million.  Examination of two more shipments of corn and soybeans—also from Eastern Europe—by reporters revealed similar findings. Even worse, the corn and soybeans were largely destined to become animal feed in the U.S., allowing them to enter the supply chain via a variety of foods, including like organic eggs, organic milk, organic beef, and organic chicken. Related: Your Guide To Growing Organic, Non-GMO Soybeans At Home Clearly, the USDA has a big problem verifying what’s actually organic regardless of where it comes from, but according to the article, these problems are amplified with imported products that involve middlemen, some of whom are looking to make a profit by purposely mislabeling foods “organic.”  The article goes on to state that Agriculture Department officials claim to be investigating fraudulent grain shipments. How far those investigations will go remains unclear, but since this article was published, the department is facing increased pressure from groups like The Organic Trade Association, which is calling for a thorough and immediate investigation of any reports of fraudulent imported organic livestock feed alleged in the Washington Post’s story and otherwise reported. Read the full story here: The labels said ‘organic.’ But these massive imports of corn and soybeans weren’t. How Do You Avoid The Organic Imposters? Unfortunately, we don’t have all the answers at this point. But there are a few tips for reducing your exposure to mislabeled foods.  As far as dairy goes, you may be better off buying your organic milk from name brand producers (as opposed to buying the store brand), such as Organic Valley, that are more scrupulous with their sourcing and vet each individual farmer supplying them with milk. Organic producers that source their milk from a variety of different farms—and not one massive farm—are also better able to ensure that cows have plenty of grass to feed on during grazing season. Even better, if you have a local organic dairy in your area where you can buy your organic (and ideally grass-fed) milk and talk directly to the farmer about their practices, do that. (Here's why why grass-fed dairy is better for you, and how to avoid the fake stuff.) With the soy and corn, it’s a bit trickier. Ditching most packaged snack foods—many of which contain corn- and soy-derived ingredients—and focusing on whole foods is a great place to start. And if you do buy organic packaged foods, see if you can find products where most of the ingredients were grown in the U.S. Of course, not all products will make this clear. (Here are 6 processed foods you should always buy organic.) Opting, when possible, for grass-fed meats and pasture-raised chicken, eggs, and pork from a local farmers' market may also minimize your exposure to foods sourced from animals that were fed mislabeled ‘organic’ grain.   Tags: newsdairysoycornorganic agricultureorganic food Comments Show comments View the discussion thread. Privacy Policy  |  About Us Copyright © 2017 Rodale Inc. Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from... {* loginWidget *} With a traditional account... {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} By logging in, you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In Welcome back! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Use another account Deactivated Account Your account has been deactivated. Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} By clicking "Sign in", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| rendered_existing_provider_photo |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. Sign in Change password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Edit Your Account Profile Photo {* photoManager *} Linked Accounts {* linkedAccounts *} {* #linkAccountContainer *} Link your accounts Allows you to sign in to your account using that provider in the future. {* loginWidget *} {* /linkAccountContainer *} Password Change Password Deactivate Account Deactivate Account Account Info {* #editProfileForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* gender *} {* birthdate *} {* displayName *} {* emailAddress *} {* resendLink *} {* phone *} {* addressStreetAddress1 *} {* addressStreetAddress2 *} {* addressCity *} {* addressPostalCode *} {* addressState *} {* addressCountry *} {* savedProfileMessage *} {* /editProfileForm *} Change password {* #changePasswordForm *} {* currentPassword *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordForm *} Deactivate your Account Are you sure you want to deactivate your account? You will no longer have access to your profile. {* deactivateAccountForm *} No {* /deactivateAccountForm *} Almost Done! Please provide the information below before signing in. {* #requiredFieldsForm *} {* displayName *} {* backButton *} {* /requiredFieldsForm *} NEXT Ad Blocker Detected Advertising helps us deliver the articles you love at no charge to you Please enter your email or disable your adblocker to access all content on Keep this field blank You may unsubscribe at any time. Privacy Policy | About Us
Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Subscriber Services Legal Ads Homes Autos Jobs Classified The Register-Guard Navigation News Home Local News Tips Obituaries Weather For the Record Latest Seven Days Celebrate 150 Community E-mail Newsletter Associated Press Top Stories Northwest Now Business Oregon Business Oregon Sports Sports Technology Entertainment Politics Weather National International Health Science Oddities Lotteries Podcasts Maps Eugene police call log Springfield police call log Lane County gas prices Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Sports Preps Oregon Ducks Football Columnist Austin Meek Oregon Ducks Basketball Track & Field Outdoors Latest Seven Days Associated Press Sports Oregon Sports Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @rgduckfootball @rgsports Business Local Latest Seven Days Blue Chip Oregon Business Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Opinion Editorials Letters Latest Seven Days Guest Viewpoint Contribute your Opinion Endorsements Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Life Lifestyles Food Tastings Healthy Families Weekend Home & Garden Outdoors Discovery Cannabis Culture Destination: Retirement Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Entertainment Entertainment Arts Movie Listings Go Entertainment Submit an event E-mail Newsletter Readers' Choice Things to do Follow us on Facebook fb.com/registerguard Follow us on Twitter @registerguard Video Videos Photo galleries Obits Obituaries Obituary search Recent obituaries and guest books Purchase a tribute obituary Advertising Advertising General Advertising Information Print Advertising Digital Advertising Contact Advertising Digital Marketing Services Digital Services Information Web Design & Development Video Production Search Engine Marketing Client Portfolio Contact Classified Place a Print/Online Classified Ad All Classifieds Homes Autos Jobs Jobs at The Register-Guard   Classified Search Search The Register-Guard Google Search Proquest Newspaper Archives (back to 2001) Keywords: Google News Archive Search (back to 1867) Search Help Business Home   Business Investing in tech to tackle an awful annoyance: lost luggage     Jessica Sweet, who recalls landing in New York around the holidays last year with no winter coat because it was in her now missing checked luggage, at the Charlotte Douglas Airport in Charlotte, N.C., April 26, 2017. The airline industry says its rate of mishandled baggage is lower than ever, which the the air transport technology company SITA attributes largely to investments by airlines and airports in technology improvements. (Travis Dove/The New York Times)   By Martha White The New York Times May 16, 2017   Today’s Business stories Judge tells Uber to return Waymo files taken by engineer Investing in tech to tackle an awful annoyance: lost luggage As their clout wanes, Saudi Arabia and Russia extend oil production cuts Oil’s well: Rising energy stocks help send S&P 500 to record China’s Xi outlines plans for wide cooperation in trade plan More Business »   Sleep versus clean clothes: This was the dilemma faced by Bill Corbett Jr., a public relations firm owner who, after a four-hour flight delay, arrived in Denver around 3:30 in the morning last summer, only to discover that his suitcase had not made it onto the flight. “I had an important meeting with a client that started at 7:30,” he said. “I had a choice — I probably could’ve gone to an all-night Wal-Mart, but that would’ve taken me another hour.” In the end, sleep won. The missing bag, he said, “just caused a whole level of stress you don’t want to have when you’re in a business situation.” The airline industry says its rate of mishandled baggage is lower than ever. In fact, earlier this month, the air transport technology company SITA said the rate of mishandled bags worldwide was 5.73 per thousand last year, down more than 12 percent from 2015 and the lowest ever recorded. SITA attributed much of the reduction to investments by airlines and airports in technology improvements. Still, that is small comfort to the lone traveler waiting by a deserted carousel with a sinking feeling. Passenger aviation experts say there are myriad reasons a bag can go missing. (They prefer the terms “delayed” or “mishandled.”) “Weather and missed connections are by far the largest proportion” of causes for bags not arriving on time, said Gareth Joyce, senior vice president of airport customer service and cargo at Delta Air Lines. Mark Matthews, director of customer planning operations at American Airlines, agreed. “When you’re talking about hub-and-spoke carriers, there’s a lot of complexity about transferring bags to connecting flights,” he said. Shorter connection times also play a role. While passengers might be able to sprint to the next gate, their checked bags might not make it there as quickly. Damaged or torn-off tags, along with human error, are also contributors. “The human element can always throw a wrench into the works,” said George Hobica, founder of AirfareWatchdog.com, recalling a trip where he realized the agent checking him in had affixed the wrong luggage tag to his suitcase. “If I hadn’t caught it, it would’ve gone to God knows where,” he said. Jessica Sweet, a resident of Charlotte, North Carolina, recalled landing in New York around the holidays last year after a business trip without her checked bag — and a winter coat, which she had packed in her checked luggage. Her suitcase arrived about 24 hours later, but when it did, Sweet said her makeup bag and a pair of prescription sunglasses were missing. “It’s almost worth spending the extra money if I have a higher guarantee my bags will be there with me,” she said. Peter Drummond, baggage portfolio director at SITA, pointed to the new bag-handling data as evidence that investment in new technology and better baggage handling procedures had paid off. But, he said, the drop also coincided with the major carriers beginning to charge passenger fees for checking a bag. Those fees reduced the number of travelers checking bags. “When airlines started charging for checked baggage, that more than likely had an effect on the mishandled rate,” Dummond said. “But over that same time period, what we had is a vast increase in the use of technology for tracking bags as well.” The new bag tags are embedded with RFID chips (for radio-frequency identification), which means the location of bags is tracked and electronically cross-checked against a database to make sure that they are in the right place at the right time. Airline and airport management say this increases security, since each bag is linked to a ticketed passenger. It also speeds up the discovery of a bag in the wrong place so the process of reconnecting a bag to its owner can begin sooner. “RFID, from a customer experience point of view, has brought transparency to the customer,” Joyce, of Delta Air Lines, said. “We’ve invested about $50 million in deploying this tech across our organization,” he said. That investment includes integrating this data into the Delta mobile app. “If you’re traveling and you check a bag, you get a push notification when your bag is loaded,” Joyce said. Representatives from American, United and Southwest also said they were building similar systems with advanced bag-tracking capabilities. At most airports in the United States, the airlines have operational control of their terminals, so it is incumbent on them to add new technology. But Drummond said airports also had a stake in making sure their airlines were doing their job. “If an airport had a lot of mishandled bags and passengers see that, that reputation will precede that airport,” he said. “So the incentive there is with the airport as well.” That is one of the reasons the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates a portion of Newark Liberty International Airport’s Terminal B, has spent $2.3 million installing a more sophisticated, RFID-based tracking system. “As terminal operator, we have a responsibility to ensure a certain level of service in that terminal,” said Diane Papaianni, the airport’s general manager. That kind of tracking is going to become more the norm. By June of next year, the International Air Transport Association has stipulated that all airlines must maintain an accurate inventory of passenger baggage by tracking when each piece of checked luggage moves on, off or between planes. “It should help primarily with inter-carrier handoffs,” said Dan McKone, head of the travel and transport practice at L.E.K. Consulting. “Inter-carrier handoffs have the largest degree of mishandling.” “The knowledge that an airline has your bag, even if it’s being mishandled, creates peace of mind for the customer,” he said. Travelers say, though, that while they appreciate updates about where their errant luggage is, that is good only if the information is accurate. “While that’s great to know where it is, getting it back was probably a bigger issue for me,” said Rebecca Cohen, whose bag went astray on the Miami-to-New York leg of an extended trip. “Trying to contact people to resolve this was nearly impossible,” she said. Cohen said it took days for her bag to be returned, and the updates she received in the interim were inconsistent and even contradictory. “They did tell me it was in Miami and I could track it,” she said. “It didn’t show up. I called and they said it was actually still in Miami and the tracker was incorrect.” More Business articles »     RG Business Local business news sent to your inbox every Thursday.         Today’s Business stories Business Judge tells Uber to return Waymo files taken by engineer Business Investing in tech to tackle an awful annoyance: lost luggage Business As their clout wanes, Saudi Arabia and Russia extend oil production cuts Business Keystone XL operator reassessing interest of U.S. producers Business Oil’s well: Rising energy stocks help send S&P 500 to record Business China’s Xi outlines plans for wide cooperation in trade plan Business SpaceX successfully launches commercial satellite Business Rates rise at weekly U.S. Treasury auction to new 8-year highs Business Business Highlights     Sports Oregon Track & Field Oregon women sprint to Pac-12 track crown Stevens keys three of six event wins, leading a sweep in the 100 for Ducks The Ducks brought the boom and the broom to Hayward Field Sunday afternoon. Led by its sprinters, sparked by its throwers and jumpers, and cheered on by a partisan crowd of 6,778, Oregon wrapped up … Related King’s big day keys Oregon’s 11th straight men’s title | Sports Speed is Oregon’s latest killer app | Sports King’s big day keys Oregon’s 11th straight men’s title Speed is Oregon’s latest killer app Ducks earn No. 3 overall seed in NCAA tournament More Sports » Outdoors Hiking A path of refuge For most of its history, Siletz Bay National Wildlife Refuge hasn’t offered much access for humans. Birds, bugs and fish have been happy in the 568-acre refuge of marshland and mudflats where river and ocean … Memories are best measure of success Things to remember for fishing season Buzzworthy More Outdoors » Home & Garden Interior Decorating Key decorating rule? Do what you love Sharpen your eye for detail and create beauty out of common items, say voices of experience So you visit a thrift store and see a set of clear drinking glasses, those dollar-a-dozen crystal knockoffs. But then you get to thinking: Well, they could look pretty on the kitchen countertop, arranged like … Rustic mid-century makeover Lifeblood of an ornamental garden Scratch that, just a myth More Home & Garden »   Quick links Submit News tips Letters to the editor Births / Weddings / Obituaries Entertainment event Education Extra Volunteer of the month Contact the newsroom Connect Promotions / Contests Email newsletters Facebook Twitter Mobile Apps Volunteer Support Services About The Register-Guard Give us feedback Contact The Register-Guard Marketplace Homes Autos Jobs General Classifieds Digital Services Advertising Info Contact Advertising Classified Advertising Info Place a Classified ad Jobs at The Register-Guard Buy a photo Subscriber Services Today's front page Subscribe E-Edition Manage your account Archive Back issues Contact Subscriber Services Newspapers in Education Become a newspaper carrier The Register-Guard • 3500 Chad Drive • Eugene, OR • 97408 / (541) 485-1234 / Feedback Copyright © 1996–2017 / Terms / Privacy / Copyright
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2776 comments Featured Guns U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 New 1911 Pistols For 2017 6:01 PM 04/28/2017 Gun Test: SIG Sauer P225-A1 5:58 PM 04/27/2017 Gun Test: Smith & Wesson M&P45 Shield 5:34 PM 04/21/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home News New England U.S. & World Weather Health Tech Weird Making the Grade Making a Difference Suffolk In The City Weather Forecast Weather New England Maps & Radar School Closing Alerts Weather Alerts Weather Stories StormRanger Business CEO Corner Chief Execs Club Does It Work? TWIB On the Lookout Money Saving Mondays Politics The Take DC Dialogue Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us TV Listings LIVE TV ON NOW 55° Connect Social Media Our Apps Newsletters Send us Videos and Pictures Send Tips Submit Tips Send Feedback Terms of Service Privacy Policy Visit our partner sites Connecticut|Maine|Massachusetts|New Hampshire|Rhode Island|Vermont Police: Man Tries Enticing Minor on 'Yik Yak' App By Matt Austin and Staff NEWSLETTERS Receive the latest new-england updates in your inbox Email Privacy policy | More Newsletters UP NEXT X West Hartford Man Accused of Enticing Minor Online Link Embed Copy Close Link to this video http://www.necn.com/news/new-england/West-Hartford-Man-Tries-Enticing-Minor-to-Meet-at-Walmart-PD-422395113.html Copy Close Embed this video <script type="text/javascript" charset="UTF-8" src="http://www.necn.com/portableplayer/?cmsID=422439403&videoID=7CUU7jaM4P2Z&origin=necn.com&sec=news&subsec=new-england&width=600&height=360"></script> Replay More videos (1 of 9) «» (Published 4 hours ago) A West Hartford man is accused of trying to sexually entice on the messenger app called Yik Yak, police said.  Scott Backer attempted to meet with a minor at a Walmart in Cromwell after enticing the apparently 15-year-old for sex on the popular messaging app, according to a complaint reported to police in February.  Computer Expert Who Foiled Cyberattack Says He's 'No Hero' The minor Backer was chatting with was actually an adult man posing as a 15-year-old girl on the app.  The man confronted Backer on Jan. 12 at the Walmart and started asking him questions, like why he was there to have sex with a teenager. The meeting was video recorded, West Hartford Police said.  US: Syria Is Burning Bodies to Hide Proof of Mass Killings The video was uploaded to website called, POP Squad, which claims to protect children by exposing online predators. Evidence was collected and Backer was arrested on Monday. Caffeine Overdose Killed South Carolina Teen: Coroner Another video featured on POP Squad prompted an investigation into a Plainville High School teacher. The teacher has not been charged but has resigned. Police are concerned about the potential danger with these types of encounters. More Hate Speech Found on UNH Campus “If they think they’re seeing any type of predator online that maybe preying on kids to notify your local police department immediately. Don’t take these measures into your own hands,” Sgt. Tony Anderle, West Hartford Police, said. While no child was actually involved in the West Hartford case, police said it still serves as a reminder of who might be out there and for parents to know what their kids are doing online. Hernandez's Fiancée: 'I Don't Think This Was a Suicide' “See who they’re talking to, see what conversations are going on, and what kind of apps they might be utilizing,” Anderle said. Backer has been charged with use of computer to entice a minor to engage in sexual activity. His bond was set at $150,000. Trump Revealed Classified Information to Russians: Report Published at 8:54 PM EDT on May 15, 2017 | Updated 4 hours ago Leave Comments TV Listings News Weather Politics Business Entertainment Sports Traffic Contact Us Connect With Us FCC Independent Programming Report FCC News and Information Programming Report NBC Non-Profit News Partnership Reports Send Feedback Terms of service Privacy policy © 2017 NBCUniversal Media, LLC. All rights reserved. AdChoices
News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers News Conference Index TQ Deals Answers Tech5 Expand to Asia Contact Jobs Advertise Team About Categories Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers STARTS IN · : · : · : · Learn More Have a cookie TNW uses cookies to personalize content and ads to make our site easier for you to use. We do also share that information with third parties for advertising & analytics. Got it! or More info TNW Conference starts soon. Learn more > Sections Apps Gear Tech Creative Contributors Insights Launch World Distract Offers About TNW About Team Advertise Jobs Contact TNW Sites News Conference TNW NYC Index TQ Deals Answers Cyberspace Culture 5 innovative ways to improve your retail business by Valeriia Timokhina — in Contributors 51 shares Retail and e-commerce is one of the most competitive industries. Besides some of the more major players such as eBay, Amazon, Walmart, and Target, thousands of smaller eCommerce products have flooded the market. In order to stand out among your competitors, win more customers, and, as a result, increase your revenue, you should keep an eye on the latest technological advancements. By adopting new technologies within your retail business, you will be able to grow your sales, increase brand awareness and customer loyalty, and improve your customer service. This is only the tip of the iceberg. Technological innovations are at the core of any future-ready, successful business. “We're hunting for awesome startups” Run an early-stage company? We're inviting 250 to exhibit at TNW Conference and pitch on stage! CHECK IT OUT Based on our hands-on experience and vast domain knowledge, the following innovative tools and solutions have proven to be the most beneficial in retail. Mobile capabilities Most of the leading global retail brands are already using apps to tap the full potential of their mobile audience. According to a recent report, 57 percent of all purchases on eBay involved mobile touch point in the 2nd quarter of 2016. However, mobile apps in retail can do much more than simply show product listings and allow you to make a purchase right from your smartphone. By using mobile technologies, retailers can gain the following competitive advantages: Access to mobile analytics and customer data including geolocation, shopping behavior, preferences, activity (more on that later). Advanced customer experience: with an app, your customers can access their personal accounts, track their orders on the go, redeem digital coupons, and collect loyalty points.   Push notifications allow you to target your customers with personalized offers and timely discounts. In addition, you can use Beacons, small Bluetooth devices that use proximity sensors to detect nearby people and send promotional messages. Mobile payments (Apple Pay, Android Pay, Samsung Pay, etc.) One of the most prominent examples of the usage of mobile capabilities in retail is Starbucks. Focusing primarily on mobile users, the global coffee shop chain has introduced a set of innovative products featuring Mobile Order & Pay, Starbucks Rewards program, mobile payments capabilities (using debit/credit card, Visa Checkout, PayPal or Apple Pay), and its recent collaboration with Spotify – Starbucks Music. Personal shopping assistants and chat bots Smart concierge solutions and chat bots, powered by artificial intelligence, are gaining a wide adoption in customer-centric industries, including retail. Personal mobile shopper assistants can be implemented as a valuable addition to any retail app or as a stand-alone product. Depending on the underlying mechanics, personal shopper apps can be operated by a human or AI-based. While the first type of shopper assistant services is typically easier to implement, the latter has proven to be more efficient in terms of operation costs and performance. The North Face, a clothing brand specializing in outerwear and equipment, has such a tool integrated directly within the company website. Chat bots use popular chat apps as a basis, providing on-demand personal shopper services within a convenient and familiar conversational interface. Besides that, a chat bot can be used for customer service, automatically handling simple requests and reallocating the more serious ones to professional agents. H&M, Sephora, Tommy Hilfiger, and eBay are already successfully using the chat bot potential to increase customer satisfaction and loyalty. Data analytics and machine learning Vector illustration concept of SEO optimization, data analysis and storage, cloud computing, social media and program coding isolated on blue background with long shadow. Customer data is another significant area of opportunity in retail. With the help of your web and mobile products, you can get access to a huge amount of customer information, from location and demographics to shopping habits and personal preferences. Using this information, retail companies can improve their shopping experience, providing more customized, relevant product suggestions and deals. There are multiple ways data analytics and machine learning can contribute to a better customer experience. An algorithm can use your shopping history to make assumptions for your future purchases, or it can suggest relevant products, based on your latest searches. For example, if you have been looking for skis, it might offer you some great deals on skiwear or accessories. Advanced payment options Similar to Starbucks, many retail companies are actively adopting innovative payment methods. From mobile points of sale, such as Square, to contactless NFC payments and products like Apple Pay, there are plenty of ways to offer more convenient and secure payment options. Mobile apps can use a wide variety of third-party payment gateways that provide a simple and effortless checkout experience such as PayPal, Stripe, and Braintree. A noteworthy example of innovation is Amazon Go. The concept offers a checkout-free shopping experience, allowing you to take what you need and simply leave the store. The system uses computer vision, sensor fusion, and deep learning technologies to automatically track your purchases through a virtual shopping cart and charge the customer’s account soon after the shopping. Virtual and augmented reality Besides gaming and entertainment, virtual and augmented reality can be used in retail, providing an advanced shopper experience. IKEA, a global furniture retailer, was one of the first to adopt augmented reality as a part of its digital strategy. By using their IKEA Catalog app, you can see how a certain piece of furniture will fit your interior. The app allows you to take a photo of a room, add different items from the catalog to it, and move them around to see if they look good in your home. Sephora, a cosmetics store chain, uses virtual reality to allow customers to “try on” different products, experiment with looks, or view virtual tutorials within its Virtual Artist app. A more advanced application of the technology might require specialized hardware such as wearables, AR-enabled devices (interactive mirrors, fitting rooms, shop windows). Conclusion Regardless of the tools and approaches you choose, it’s important to remember that customers play the most important role in your business. In order to achieve great results, you should focus on providing superior customer experience across all of your retail channels, be it a physical store, a website or an app. Is your retail business future-ready? Don’t miss out on the opportunity to increase your exposure, recognition, and grow your business with the help of modern technologies. Read next: Disney film held for Bitcoin ransom by hackers Contributors Share on Facebook (19) Share on Twitter (0) Valeriia Timokhina Valeriia Timokhina is a blog editor at Eastern Peak, a top-ranked European software development company focused on helping startups and mid­size businesses reach their full potential by building great websites and intuitive mobile apps. Contact Mail   All posts by Valeriia > Here's some more distraction Disney film held for Bitcoin ransom by hackers Rachel Kaser Shady online diamond dealer proves ‘conflict-free’ is no guarantee Bryan Clark 2017 predictions for Big Data, IoT, and AI Jamie Tolentino 5 strategies to manage unexpected business growth William Watterson FCC chairman who voted to sell your browsing history won’t release his Rachel Kaser Licensing issue leads to 90-percent discount on popular video game Rachel Kaser Comments Recommended 7 interesting laws blockchain will force to change Lauren Gilmore Most popular 1 Doxing the hero who stopped WannaCry was irresponsible and dumb Matthew Hughes 2 The MP3 format is officially dead Abhimanyu Ghoshal 3 Master big data analytics with this essential data training for only 39 TNW Deals 4 Netflix is blocking rooted Android phones from downloading its app Abhimanyu Ghoshal 5 How one guy stopped the WannaCry ransomware in its tracks after it spread to 150 countries Abhimanyu Ghoshal Never miss out Stay tuned with our weekly recap of what’s hot & cool by our CEO Boris. Thank you! Do it Join over 260,000 subscribers! Latest 1 4 reasons you should create long-form blog content Sabih Javed 2 Why your recruiters should think more like marketers Katie Burke 3 7 keys to mobile success in high growth markets Barron Ernst 4 So, you want a job in venture capital? Ilan Regenbaum 5 YouTube TV gets a boost with seven new channels Rachel Kaser Tony Hsieh Don't be cocky. Don't be flashy. There's always someone better than you. Share Upcoming Events TNW Conference May 18, 2017 Popular Companies Amazon eBay Facebook Google Yahoo Trending Topics iPhone MacBook Playstation Samsung Galaxy YouTube Events About Team Advertise Jobs Contact © 2006–2017 The Next Web B.V. Made with ♥ in Amsterdam. Powered by Stay tuned Treat yourself Sit back and let the hottest tech news come to you by the magic of electronic mail. Thank you! Sign up Prefer to get the news as it happens? Follow us on social media. 1.76M followers 1M likes Help us out Who are you? Got two minutes to spare? We'd love to know a bit more about our readers. Start! All data collected in the survey is anonymous. ↑ ↓ Navigate up/down Enter Go to article / Search new term Esc Close search
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: nwitimes.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $14.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Now! Products Customer Service Calendar Home News Crime News Latest Updates Lake County News Porter County News LaPorte County News State and Regional News South Suburban News National News World News Government and Politics History E-Edition Sports NWI Preps Columnists Business Northwest Indiana Business Headlines Jobs and Employment Transportation News Healthcare News Business Columnists Opinion Letters to the Editor NWI.com Blogs Editorials Forum Columnists Entertainment Comics Games Horoscopes Northwest Indiana Calendar People Lifestyles Inspired Living Health & Fitness Food and Cooking Home and Garden Celebrations Photos Buy Photos Obituaries Area Deaths/Tributes Cars Jobs Homes For Sale Ads Rental Ads Rental Showcase Classifieds Buy Local Deals Coupons Newspaper Ads Buy Photos Business Directory Weekly Ads Contact Us Customer Service Toggle navigation Menu Search Subscribe Now! Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout News Sports Business Photos Obits Classifieds Breaking Report: Trump shared secret info with Russians about IS AP $7.5M settlement approved in Wal-Mart same-sex benefits case May 15, 2017 Updated 1 hr ago BOSTON (AP) — A $7.5 million class action settlement between Wal-Mart and a former employee who challenged the retail chain's lack of health insurance benefits for her same-sex spouse was approved by a federal judge on Monday. The settlement will pay for claims by current and former Wal-Mart associates in the U.S. and Puerto Rico that they were unable to obtain health insurance for their same-sex spouses from 2011 to 2013. About 380 claims have been submitted. U.S. District Judge William Young approved the settlement after a brief hearing in federal court in Boston. The lawsuit was filed in 2015 by Jacqueline Cote, a Wal-Mart associate from Massachusetts who said the company denied medical insurance for her wife. Bentonville, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart Stores Inc. began offering benefits for same-sex spouses in 2014. Cote, whose wife died of ovarian cancer in 2016, said she was pleased Wal-Mart was willing to resolve the issue for her and other associates who are married to someone of the same sex. "It's a relief to bring this chapter of my life to a close," she said in a statement. Get breaking news sent instantly to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Wal-Mart's senior vice president for global benefits, Sally Welborn, said the company was happy to resolve the case. "We will continue to not distinguish between same and opposite sex spouses when it comes to the benefits we offer under our health insurance plan," Welborn said in a statement. Cote was represented by the Boston-based group GLBTQ Legal Advocates & Defenders, the Washington Lawyers' Committee for Civil Rights & Urban Affairs and private law firms. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Angry 0 Sad 0 Funny 0 Wow 0 Love 0 Tags Wire Business General News Access To Health Care Health Legal Settlements Legal Proceedings Law And Order National Courts Courts Judiciary Government And Politics National Governments Class Action Lawsuits Lawsuits Gays And Lesbians Retail Industry Retail And Wholesale Consumer Services Consumer Products And Services Latest in section Strong opening weekend on Twitter and FanDuel for WNBA Learjet crash near New York City kills 2 crew members The Latest: IT expert modest about stopping cyberattack Netflix Won't Have to Crash Cannes This Year Buffett's firm buys more airline stock in first quarter More on this topic Strong opening weekend on Twitter and FanDuel for WNBA Learjet crash near New York City kills 2 crew members The Latest: IT expert modest about stopping cyberattack Netflix Won't Have to Crash Cannes This Year Buffett's firm buys more airline stock in first quarter Most Popular on nwi.com Local Companies | FindTheCompany Currents +4 National News A look at the political activities of education secretary Betsy DeVos +6 National News Here's why huge sinkholes are becoming a big problem in the US National News A timeline of recent airline controversies Loretta Lynn starting rehabilitation after stroke Falcons waive former UGa track star trying to make it to NFL Pelicans owner: Club sticking with GM Demps, coach Gentry Jose Altuve back in lineup after switching to shoes that fit Find local businesses View local offers Local Businesses Duneland YMCA 215 Roosevelt, Chesterton, IN 46304 Neurology Consultants Of Nwi 5521 W Lincoln Hwy, Crown Point, IN 46307 Justin's Tree Service 801 South Babcock Road, Porter, IN 46304 Ads Wild Birds Unlimited 138 Us Hwy 41, Schererville, IN 46375 Business Directory Latest Local Offers Wever's Tree Service Service Northwest Indiana, contact Wever's Tree Service for all your tree removal and stump grinding needs! May 4, 2017 Andy's Home Inspection Andy's Home Inspection service serves Northwest Indiana and Southwest Michigan May 4, 2017 Tim's Landscaping Tim's Landscape Services is celebrating 35 years in business! Call the experienced professionals for all your landscaping needs, Call today! May 4, 2017 Chesterton Toys Chesterton Toys carries Green Toys -- environmentally friendly games and toys! May 4, 2017 E-edition Inspired Living Get Healthy Your Family Featured Sections Best of the Region Buy Local Deals Regional Crime Report CrimeTimes Northwest Indiana Calendar Online Features Contact The Times About Us Subscribe Manage Your Subscription Send a News Tip Newspapers In Education Donation Request Work At The Times RSS Feeds E-newsletter Sign-Up © Copyright 2017 NWI Times, 601 W. 45th Ave. Munster, IN | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/several-major-advertisers-remain-wary-of-youtube-1494871059 Hot Stocks Several Major Advertisers Remain Wary of YouTube After advertisers fled in March, Google said it had the situation under control, but some big companies have stayed away. By Avi Salzman May 15, 2017 1:57 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large YouTube is still working to regain the trust of advertisers who fled after reports that their ads were seen with inappropriate content. Photo: Getty Images About two months ago, several major companies pulled their ads from Google-owned YouTube after reports that the ads were being shown alongside extremist content from hate groups and terrorists. Among the companies that stopped advertising were behemoths like General Motors, Wal-Mart, and Pepsico. Some also pulled ads from the Google Display Network, which places ads on millions of other websites. Investors worried about the issue for a few days and then moved on, assuaged by comments from Google CEO Sundar Pichai that the company had the issue under control. He said Google is using improved technologies, including machine learning, to better enforce its policies for keeping ads away from problematic content: “advertisers have clearly noticed all the improvements we have made.” Analysts signalled the all-clear -- “we believe large brand advertisers are increasingly coming back to the platform, suggesting minimal disruption to monetization growth at YouTube, in our view,” JMP Securities analyst Ronald Josey wrote in April. The stock has also shrugged it off. Alphabet, the company that owns Google, has risen 14% in just the past month. But Barron’s Next reached out to a dozen companies that had reportedly pulled their ads from YouTube and/or the Google Display Network and found that several major advertisers have yet to return: Wal-Mart still won’t run ads on YouTube, a Wal-Mart spokesperson wrote, but declined to explain further. Verizon continues to suspend its ads as it works with its digital ad partners to “understand the weak links.” Nestle has also “pause[d] our media buying with Google/YouTube pending reassurances from them on actions to address the problem of brand advertising appearing on inappropriate websites.” Toyota will only run ads on channels where they can direct placement, such as Buzzfeed and Discovery, although they remain in “active discussions to reach an acceptable resolution” for further advertising, Toyota said in a statement. Some big companies have been convinced that Google is on top of it, or are working with ad agencies to make sure they’re protected. Johnson & Johnson has resumed advertising “in a number of select countries,” including the U.S. after Google instituted “brand protections.” Enterprise Holdings, which owns Enterprise, Alamo, and National car-rental companies, last week said it plans to resume advertising “in the next week or so” following talks with Google. Its media agency Omnicom is also working on a program called Supply Accreditation through Filtering and Evaluation (SAFE) where it will “score” videos to determine if they’re advertiser-friendly. Enterprise will be helping test the program, the spokesperson wrote. Google hasn’t quantified how many advertisers left, and didn’t answer our question about how many have returned. “Many advertisers never left and many have decided to come back,” a spokesperson wrote. “While they know that no system can be perfect, they appreciate the actions we’ve taken and know we are taking this seriously and are committed to getting better and better.” More from Barron’s Next Facebook, Tesla Realize Technology Can’t Solve Everything Google’s Latest Foe: The U.S. Government This YouTube Meltdown Comes at a Particularly Bad Time Text Size Regular Medium Large Avi Salzman avi.salzman@barrons.com • @avibarrons Most Popular Lulu’s Problem Is Black and White The Best Day to Buy Airline Tickets Is Starbucks Ready to Heat Up Again? What if Apple Becomes Tesla Before Tesla Becomes Apple? Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Latest In Barrons Next Hot Stocks Barrons Next Hot Stocks For Netflix, It’s a Big World Out There For Netflix, It’s a Big World Out There Netflix’s U.S. subscriber numbers could be soft in the first quarter, but investors might not care.Netflix’s U.S. subscriber numbers could be soft in the first quarter, but investors might not care. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts Electronic Arts Scores Again as Business Shifts The video game company is selling more digital downloads. Barrons Next Hot Stocks Test Apple story Test Apple story This is a test dek in QA. Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
Variety Editions: U.S Global Asia Subscribe Today! Navigation Menu Film TV Digital Music Contenders Video Dirt Scene More Biz Legit Jobs Conferences Insight Archives Directory Choose Edition: U.S Global Asia Russia | My Account Sign In Subscribe Home Film Festivals Bentonville Film Festival Announces 2017 Competition Winner Malina Saval Associate Editor, Features @MalinaSaval Share This Article LinkedIn Email Print Talk Courtesy: Red Bull Media House May 15, 2017 | 02:03PM PT The third annual Bentonville Film Festival (BFF) which champions women and diverse voices in media, announced the winners of its film competition Saturday, May 6 at their awards ceremony hosted by Terry Crews, star of “Brooklyn Nine-Nine.” BFF is the only festival to offer guaranteed distribution to the winning festival films in three categories: Best Narrative, Best Family Film and Audience Award winners. Hosted in Bentonville, Arkansas, 2017’s festival attracted a record-breaking number of attendees committed to ensuring development and promotion of media that represents the world we live in – 51% women and highly diverse. Festival attendees interacted with filmmakers, actors and key industry leaders including Meg Ryan, William H. Macy, Judy Greer, Rachel Winter, Marilu Henner, Jane Seymour, Jeanne Tripplehorn, Stephanie Beatriz, Melissa Fumero, Amy Jo Johnson, Aisha Tyler, Nely Galan, Olivia Washington, Joey Travolta (Inclusion Films), Patty Jenkins (Director, Wonder Woman), Stephen Quinn (Chairman, AFE), Gil Robertson (AAFCA), Chevonne O’Shaughnessy (ACI), Karen Bailey (SVP Original Programming, Starz), and representatives from Walmart, Coca- Cola, MARS, AMC Theaters, Starz and Lifetime delivered insights to develop actionable plans to accelerate the depiction of diversity in all forms of media. “I am beyond excited at the support of my colleagues in the industry, from returning talent like Meg (Ryan) to our first time ‘BFFs’ like Judy Greer and William H. Macy who have embraced the mission of the festival,” says Geena Davis, Academy Award Winning actor and Co-Founder of the Bentonville Film Festival. “The films at BFF have inspired and provoked change that we hope will continue for years to come.” The awards ceremony also featured performances by Siedah Garrett (original songwriter of “Man in the Mirror”), STEP team from the Baltimore Leadership School for Young Women, Cowboy Troy, and Grammy Award-Winning musician Jewel. Presenters included Meg Ryan, Aisha Tyler, DJ Henri, Juan Pablo Raba, Mo McRae, Snapchat guru CyreneQ, Brooklyn 99’s Melissa Fumero and Stephanie Beatriz, and Festival Co-Founder Trevor Drinkwater. The Bentonville Film Festival, presented by founding sponsor Walmart and presenting sponsor Coca-Cola, featured 70 competition films with 33 competition features, 14 spotlights, 19 shorts and 4 episodic. The Bentonville Film Festival is able to help almost 90 percent of its competition films obtain distribution. The award winners selected from the jury, Festival audience and BFF Foundation are as follows: Best of the Fest – “Blood Road” Audience favorite Showcase Film. Determined by Audience ballot. “Blood Road” – Austria Director: Nicholas Shrunk To gain closure over the death of her father, a fighter pilot who was shot down during the Vietnam War, professional mountain bike athlete Rebecca Rusch and her Vietnamese riding partner pedal 1,200 miles of the Ho Chi Minh Trail to locate her father’s crash site while experiencing the impact war leaves on families, countries and cultures. Cast: Huyen Nguyen, Rebecca Rusch Audience Spotlight – “A Happening of Monumental Proportions” Audience favorite Spotlight Film. Determined by Audience ballot. “A Happening of Monumental Proportions” – (USA) Director: Judy Greer; Screenwriter: Gary Lundy During the course of one day, a group of students at a school in Los Angeles find themselves caught up in a plot of sex, lies and dead bodies. Audience Short – “Deep Storage” Audience Favorite Short Film. Determined by Audience ballot. Deep Storage – (Australia) US Premiere Director & Screenwriter: Susan Earl In the film, two loners find love in the most unromantic of places. Cast: Miles O’Neil, Alice Ansara, James Lawson, Dawn Klingberg Audience Episodic – “Lost and Found” Audience Favorite Episodic Film. Determined by Audience ballot. Lost and Found — (USA) Director & Screenwriter: Haroula Rose When Stella and Ian host their “unwedding,” all kinds of uncomfortable truths are unearthed for this group of friends. What is intended to be a healthy way of breaking up in fact raises all kinds of issues for this group of thirty-something’s in their own relationships, especially when Stella’s unruly mother Lourdes appears unexpectedly. Cast: Melonie Diaz, William Janowitz, Jennifer Lafleur, Terence Nance, Avi Rothman, Peter Thomson, Laura Lee Botsacos, Nick Thurston, Ethan Gold, Haroula Rose Audience Documentary – “Woman on Fire” Audience Favorite Documentary. Determined by Audience ballot. Woman on Fire — (USA) Director & Screenwriter: Julie Sokolow Brooke Guinan is the first openly transgender firefighter in New York City. As a third-generation firefighter, Brooke has a passion for heroism that runs in her blood. Audience Narrative – “Parkers Anchor” Audience Favorite Narrative film. Determined by Audience ballot. Parkers Anchor — (USA) World Premiere Director: Marc Hampson; Screenwriters: Ryan & Jennica Schwartzman When her plans for marriage and a family fall apart, Krystal finds herself back in her hometown, re-evaluating her life. Krystal soon discovers that you’re never starting over, every step of the journey seems destined in hindsight. Cast: Jennica Schwartzman, Amy Argyle, Christopher Marquette, Ryan Schwartzman, Penny Johnson Jerald, Michael Beach, Sarah Colonna, Brandon Keener, Claire Donald, Peter Weidman, & Deborah Smith Best Jury Narrative – “The Sun at Midnight” Jury award for Best Competition Narrative. Determined by Jury. The Sun at Midnight – Director: Kirsten Carthew Cast: Devery Jacobs, Duane Howard, Mark Anderako, Sarah Charlie Jerome, William Greenland, Shayla SNowshow, Jaclynn Robert Shot at the Arctic Circle The Sun at Midnight tells the story of an unusual friendship between a hunter obsessed with finding a missing caribou herd and a teenage rebel who gets lost while on the run. Best Family Film – “Saving Sally” Best Family Film in a Competition Narrative Film. Saving Sally – (Philippines/France) Director: Avid Liongoren; Screenwriters: Charlene Sawit-Esguerra, Carlo Ledesma, Avid Liongoren “Saving Sally” is about a teenage comic book artist who secretly sees unpleasant people as cartoon-like monsters. He struggles to save his eccentric best friend (and love of his life) from her abusive foster parents—but she becomes involved with an older man who happens to be a monster too. Cast: Rhian Ramos, Enzo Marcos, TJ Trinidad, Peejo Pillar Best Documentary – “Served Like a Girl” Jury award for Best Competition Documentary. Served Like a Girl – (USA) Director: Lysa Heslov; Screenwriters: Lysa Heslov, Tchavdar Georgiev In “Served Like a Girl,” five women veterans who have endured unimaginable trauma in service create a shared sisterhood to help the rising number of stranded homeless women veterans. Best Ensemble – “Let Me Go” Best Ensemble in a Competition Narrative Film. Determined by Jury Let Me Go (UK) World Premiere Director & Screenwriter: Polly Steele The film is set in the year 2000 and follows not only Helga and Traudi’s journeys, but the next two generations, focusing on how Beth, Helga’s daughter and Emily her granddaughter are confronted with the unraveling of the darkest of family secrets. Cast: Juliet Stevenson, Jodhi May, Lucy Boynton, Karin Bertling, Stanley Weber Highest Diversity Score – “Looking at the Stars” Determined by analysis through the Bentonville Film Festival Foundation Looking at the Stars – (Brazil/Nicaragua/USA) Director: Alexandre Peralta; Screenwriters: Alexandre Peralta, Melissa Rebelo Kerezsi Looking at the Stars is an intimate glimpse into the lives of the extraordinary ballerinas at the world’s only ballet school for the blind—the Fernanda Bianchini Ballet Association for the Blind. Impact Award – Paula Doufat of STEP Selected by BFF based on contribution to Festival & Mission In addition to the support of Walmart, AMC Theatres and Lifetime, the expanded partnership support from Starz offered filmmakers in the 2016 BFF Film Competition even greater distribution opportunities. Man in the Mirror Award – “Mully” Recognizes those that are dedicated to overcoming odds and changing the conversation. It is dedicated to the individual or organization that provides extraordinary inspiration or outstanding opportunities to women and diverse groups. Mully – (USA) Director and Screenwriter: Scott Haze “Mully” depicts the extraordinary rags-to-riches story of Charles Mully, whose meteoric rise from orphaned poverty in Kenya leads him on an unimaginable journey of selflessness. BFF Jurors ranged from industry professionals to corporate executives and were led by Rosie O’Donnell in the Documentary competition and Hazel Joyer-Smith in the Narrative competition. Narrative Jurors included Hazel Joyner-Smith and Louis Martin. Documentary Jurors included Rosie O’Donnell (head juror) and Tani Sylvester. Filed Under: Bentonville Film Festival Geena Davis Judy Greer Want to read more articles like this one? SUBSCRIBE TO VARIETY TODAY. Post A Comment 0 Film Powers Boothe, ‘Deadwood’ and ‘Tombstone’ Actor, Dies at 68 Music Katy Perry Announces ‘Witness’ Album, Tour TV ‘Game of Thrones’ Spinoffs: New Details TV ‘The Odd Couple’ and More Recently Canceled TV Shows Cannes 2017 Lineup Is High on Auteur Intrigue, Low on Safe Awards Bets John Ridley’s L.A. Riots Documentary ‘Let It Fall’ Aims for Oscars Over Emmys ‘The Handmaid’s Tale’: Does Hulu Finally Have a Serious Emmy Contender? Laura Dern in the Mix for Film Academy President (EXCLUSIVE) Variety Jobs Creative Development Coordinator Triptyk Studios, New York, New York Account/Project Coordinator (Ad Agency) Petrol Advertising, Burbank, California Media Specialist Bridgewater Associates, Westport, Connecticut Executive Director, Aspen Film Company Confidential, Aspen, Colorado Associate Director, YouTuber & Gamer Partnerships Save the Children, Fairfield, Connecticut See More Jobs Marketplace Leave a Reply No Comments Cancel reply Comments are moderated. They may be edited for clarity and reprinting in whole or in part in Variety publications. Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. More Film News from Variety The Power of Content Stop Shopping and Give Your Grad an Amazon Gift Card 'New Girl': Final Season Details & How Last-Minute Renewal Was… Why FDRA CEO Matt Priest Doesn't Feel Optimistic About U.S… Better Call Saul Recap: S'all Good, Man! 'Better Call Saul': Why Saul Goodman, According to Bob Odenkirk… Subscribe to Variety Today! All The Ways to Get Variety Online Subscription Print Subscription Mobile Apps Newsletters News Alerts Archives Slanguage Dictionary Help Other Variety Products Media: Variety 411 Research & Data: Variety Insight Archives Premium Email Alerts Real Estate Jobs Access the best entertainment industry data available View the Variety archives dating back to 1905 Get News Delivered To Your Inbox Privacy Policy Your Privacy Rights Terms of Use About Us Advertise Contact Us Google+ The Power of Content Deadline india.com Hollywoodlife TV Line GOLDDERBY WWD Footwearnews © Copyright 2017 Variety Media, LLC, a subsidiary of Penske Business Media, LLC. Variety and the Flying V logos are trademarks of Variety Media, LLC. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Variety411: Your production services resource ad
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2776 comments Featured Guns U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 New 1911 Pistols For 2017 6:01 PM 04/28/2017 Gun Test: SIG Sauer P225-A1 5:58 PM 04/27/2017 Gun Test: Smith & Wesson M&P45 Shield 5:34 PM 04/21/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Workers say Walmart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women Daniel Wiessner, Reuters May 15, 2017, 3:16 PM 706 facebook linkedin twitter email print Workers stock shelves in a newly built Walmart Super Center prior to its opening in Compton, California.Thomson Reuters Two former Wal-Mart Stores Inc employees have filed a lawsuit accusing the retailer of treating thousands of pregnant workers as “second-class citizens” by rejecting their requests to limit heavy lifting, climbing on ladders and other potentially dangerous tasks. The proposed class action lawsuit was filed in federal court in Illinois on Friday by Talisa Borders and Otisha Woolbright, who say that until 2014, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart had a company-wide policy that denied pregnant women the same accommodations as workers with other disabilities. The class could include at least 20,000 women and possibly up to 50,000 who worked at Wal-Mart while pregnant before the policy change, according to the lawsuit. The company in a statement provided by spokesman Randy Hargrove denied the women's claims and said Wal-Mart's pregnancy policies "have always fully met or exceeded both state and federal law." The company said a separate anti-discrimination policy it maintains has long listed pregnancy as a protected status. "Walmart is a great place for women to work," the company said. Borders and Woolbright say that Wal-Mart's old policy violated a federal law requiring employers to treat pregnancy as a temporary disability and provide work accommodations to pregnant women. The U.S. Supreme Court, in a 2015 case involving United Parcel Service, said employers cannot treat pregnant workers differently from those with other disabilities or medical conditions. Wal-Mart, the largest private U.S. employer, changed its policy in 2014 to treat pregnancy as a disability. But lawyers for the plaintiffs in the lawsuit say the changes did not go far enough, and they were planning a separate lawsuit involving the new policy. Woolbright says her manager at a Florida Wal-Mart told her pregnancy was “no excuse” for not doing heavy lifting. She says she was fired from her job in the deli department after injuring herself lifting trays that weighed up to 50 pounds and inquiring further about the company’s pregnancy policies. Borders, who worked at an Illinois Wal-Mart, says she was reprimanded for asking coworkers to climb ladders and lift heavy boxes while she was pregnant, and forced to go on unpaid leave. When she returned, she says, she was paid $2.00 less per hour. The case is Borders v. Wal-Mart Stores Inc, U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Illinois, No. 3:17-cv-00506. (Reporting by Daniel Wiessner in Albany, New York, Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi, Dan Grebler and Jonathan Oatis) Read the original article on Reuters. Copyright 2017. Follow Reuters on Twitter. More from Reuters: NOW WATCH: We tried Burger King's new Froot Loops milkshake and it blew us away Loading video... More: Walmart facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Workers say Walmart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women Workers say Walmart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women Two former Wal-Mart Stores Inc employees have... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Retail Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Subscribers Home Were You Seen? Traffic Weather School Closings Events Calendar Calendar: Add Event Obituaries Puzzles Palace Buy Photos & More Help & Contact Us Site Index Subscriber Services Archives (1986-Present) Report: Trump shared secret info about IS with Russians News Breaking News Local Capitol Confidential State & Capitol U.S. & World Opinion Your Town Obituaries Newsletters School Closings All Stories Furor over Trump, Russian talks Albany road closures, parking restrictions for Workforce Husband in Hadley ax attack indicted on murder charge Couple so lost in love Sports HS Sports Sidelines Siena UAlbany Hockey MLB NFL NBA Golf Auto Racing Columnists All Stories Boston prevails in Game 7 Carrasco hurt, but Indians stop Rays NASCAR should aim higher No. 2 is No. 1 with Yanks Business The Buzz Blog Women@Work Technology News Salary Wizard Press Releases Sponsored Content Mortgage Rates Business Directory All Stories Energy surge lifts S&P to record Order a setback for Uber plans CSX to shut down hump yard at Selkirk Abandoned mines pose lasting risk Entertainment Events Calendar Seen Photos Viral Videos Movies & TV Table Hopping Restaurants Local Arts Puzzles Palace Best of the Capital Region Your Horoscope Comics All Stories Maisie Williams film shooting this week at Albany Airport Search our brewery map for Capital Region beers Earth, Wind and Fire coming to SPAC Cuomo announces Water Music NY, with Albany Symphony, to Living 518Life Women@Work Table Hopping Celebrations House of the Week Puzzles Palace High School Parenting Health Find a Doctor Savings Source Sponsored Content All Stories 20 things you don’t know about me: Matt Baumgartner California couple weds on Mount Everest and the photos are Destination Montreal: A perfect family getaway High & Low Blogs All Blogs Kristi Barlette Capitol Confidential Local Politics Table Hopping Shopportunist Arts Talk Movies The Buzz: Business Hot Topics Parent to Parent Capital Region Gives Middleburgh Central School proposes 2017-18 budget Employers’ workers’ compensation premiums set to Hamilton County’s historic connections in the 49th Senate Flanagan defends Senate stipend protocols TU Plus Exclusive Local & State Business & Tech Arts & Lifestyle Sports & Recreation Opinion Women@Work 518Life Restaurant Reviews Best of 2016 tu+ FAQ Subscribe/Activate tu+ High school softball rankings Phonsey Lambert has Spa Catholic baseball sharp for playoffs Cohoes' Sam Dayter a weapon for Cohoes girls' lacrosse UAlbany track teams finish strong at IC4A, ECAC meets Jobs Jobs Weekly Job Fair Place an Ad Salary Wizard Careers Blog Business Blog Jobs at the TU Jersey Mike’s Subs planning Glenmont, Clifton Park Walt Robb, Steve Lobel appearing at BizLab on Nov. 16 GlobalFoundries plans ‘multi-billion’ Fab 8 upgrade Momentive workers mull strike after rejecting ‘final Homes For Sale For Rent Open Houses New Homes Land & Farms Commercial Services Auctions Mortgage Rates Home Style House of the Week Places & Spaces Blog House of the Week: Greek Revival in Lansingburgh Balancing safety with style challenges parents To singer Tom Jones, $8 million sounds right High & Low Cars Search New Cars Vehicle Reviews Dealer Pre-Owned Cars Classic Cars Blog Private Pre-Owned Cars The Bike Blog Photos: Million-dollar cars for auction Car Show Photos: N.Y. Power Authority Blenheim Gilboa Car Show The Raleigh Classic – Auction Highlights – June 2015 Future Collectibles: 2015 Dodge Charger SRT Hellcat Classifieds Search Classifieds Place Classified Ad Coupons & Deals Legal Notices Business Directory Place a Legal Notice Realtor Ads Shopportunist Blog Auto Dealer Ads How to Advertise Job Listings Hewitt’s: Free flowering annual or vegetable pack for Mom Best (and worst) things to buy in May Teachers eat free at Recovery Sports Grill on Tuesday, May 2 Live Nation offering $20 tickets to 20 upcoming SPAC shows MenuSections http://www.timesunion.com/allwcm/article/Niskayuna-Wal-Mart-to-close-11147307.php Niskayuna Walmart market store to close Brian Nearing Updated 3:23 pm, Monday, May 15, 2017 Photo: Paul Buckowski Image 1of/85 Caption Close Image 1 of 85 A view of the new Walmart Neighborhood Market on Thursday, Oct. 31, 2013 in Niskayuna, N.Y. A view of the new Walmart Neighborhood Market on Thursday, Oct. 31, 2013 in Niskayuna, N.Y. Photo: Paul Buckowski Image 2 of 85 Tags mark items that are new products from manufacturers on the shelves at the Walmart Neighborhood Market on Thursday, Oct. 31, 2013 in Niskayuna, NY. (Paul Buckowski / Times Union) Tags mark items that are new products from manufacturers on the shelves at the Walmart Neighborhood Market on Thursday, Oct. 31, 2013 in Niskayuna, NY. (Paul Buckowski / Times Union) Photo: Paul Buckowski Image 3 of 85 Click through the slideshow for stores that have opened, closed or are coming soon. Colonie Center is bringing Carter’s and Oshkosh to the mall later this year. The walls were up announcing the arrivals in the space across from L.L. Bean in May 2017. (Kristi Gustafson Barlette) less Click through the slideshow for stores that have opened, closed or are coming soon. Colonie Center is bringing Carter’s and Oshkosh to the mall later this year. The walls were up announcing the arrivals in the ... more Photo: Kristi Gustafson Barlette Image 4 of 85 Penzeys Spices has reopened in Stuyvesant Plaza. Keep clicking for a few more stores that have opened or closed recently. Penzeys Spices has reopened in Stuyvesant Plaza. Keep clicking for a few more stores that have opened or closed recently. Photo: Frank Whitman / Hearst Connecticut Media Image 5 of 85 rue21 is closing its locations in Wilton and Pittsfield, Mass., as part of 400 nationwide closures.  rue21 is closing its locations in Wilton and Pittsfield, Mass., as part of 400 nationwide closures.  Photo: Johnny Louis, FilmMagic, Getty Images Image 6 of 85 Buy photo The Price Chopper store at Route 146 and Vischer Ferry Road in Clifton Park will closed for good as the Golub Corp. moves closer to opening its new Market 32 store, expected in July.  The Price Chopper store at Route 146 and Vischer Ferry Road in Clifton Park will closed for good as the Golub Corp. moves closer to opening its new Market 32 store, expected in July.  Photo: Lori Van Buren Buy this photo Image 7 of 85 Buy photo CarMax opened its new showroom on Central Ave. in Colonie on February 23. CarMax opened its new showroom on Central Ave. in Colonie on February 23. Photo: PAUL BUCKOWSKI Buy this photo Image 8 of 85 Buy photo ShopRite Supermarkets, Inc. confirmed Monday it will build a new 55,000-square-foot supermarket in the Van Rensselaer Square shopping center in North Greenbush. The store is expected open later this year.  ShopRite Supermarkets, Inc. confirmed Monday it will build a new 55,000-square-foot supermarket in the Van Rensselaer Square shopping center in North Greenbush. The store is expected open later this year.  Photo: John Carl D'Annibale Buy this photo Image 9 of 85 Toxic VR Virtual Reality Lounge, a new business in Clifton Park that will allow customers to play games using virtual reality headsets, is set to open Friday, February 17 at 22 Clifton Country Rd.  Toxic VR Virtual Reality Lounge, a new business in Clifton Park that will allow customers to play games using virtual reality headsets, is set to open Friday, February 17 at 22 Clifton Country Rd.  Photo: Facebook.com/toxicvr Image 10 of 85 European clothing store, Zara, is set to open in Crossgates Mall this spring. This announcement comes as the mall loses Ann Taylor, The Limited, J. Crew and Matthew's Hallmark.  European clothing store, Zara, is set to open in Crossgates Mall this spring. This announcement comes as the mall loses Ann Taylor, The Limited, J. Crew and Matthew's Hallmark.  Image 11 of 85 Buy photo A new Market 32 supermarket opened on Broadway in Fort Edward, N.Y in 2017. Also in January 2017, Price Chopper announced its location in Menands would close.  A new Market 32 supermarket opened on Broadway in Fort Edward, N.Y in 2017. Also in January 2017, Price Chopper announced its location in Menands would close.  Photo: Will Waldron Buy this photo Image 12 of 85 Save-a-Lot opened a new location on 612 Central Avenue in Albany in December.  Save-a-Lot opened a new location on 612 Central Avenue in Albany in December.  Photo: Rulison, Larry Image 13 of 85 Buy photo A new Stewart's Shops store opened at 15 Round Lake Road in Round Lake in November. A new Stewart's Shops store opened at 15 Round Lake Road in Round Lake in November. Photo: SKIP DICKSTEIN Buy this photo Image 14 of 85 Buy photo Aquarium director David Gross, right, and marketing manager Alan Fanitzi walk through an observation tunnel at the Via Port Aquarium, which opened earlier this year, on Friday Oct. 21, 2016 in Rotterdam , N.Y. (Michael P. Farrell/Times Union) less Aquarium director David Gross, right, and marketing manager Alan Fanitzi walk through an observation tunnel at the Via Port Aquarium, which opened earlier this year, on Friday Oct. 21, 2016 in Rotterdam , N.Y. ... more Photo: Michael P. Farrell Buy this photo Image 15 of 85 Buy photo Evergreen Olive Oil Co., which sells infused oils, vinegars, home made pasta and other goods, opened in October on 1328 Van Antwerp Rd. in Schenectady. Evergreen Olive Oil Co., which sells infused oils, vinegars, home made pasta and other goods, opened in October on 1328 Van Antwerp Rd. in Schenectady. Photo: Cindy Schultz Buy this photo Image 16 of 85 Buy photo The Courtyard by Marriott Schenectady at Mohawk Harbor opened in October. The Courtyard by Marriott Schenectady at Mohawk Harbor opened in October. Photo: SKIP DICKSTEIN Buy this photo Image 17 of 85 Buy photo Marcella's Appliance Center, based in Schenectady, opened a second store in Clifton Park at 15 Park Avenue in October. Marcella's Appliance Center, based in Schenectady, opened a second store in Clifton Park at 15 Park Avenue in October. Photo: SKIP DICKSTEIN Buy this photo Image 18 of 85 Buy photo Upstate Distilling Co., at 41 Geyser Road in Saratoga Springs, got off the ground earlier this year. Read more about their products on tu+. Upstate Distilling Co., at 41 Geyser Road in Saratoga Springs, got off the ground earlier this year. Read more about their products on tu+. Photo: John Carl D'Annibale Buy this photo Image 19 of 85 Six months after closing its four-year old store in Crossgates, Penzeys Spices will be opening a new store in Stuyvesant Plaza. Find out what other new stores are opening soon. Six months after closing its four-year old store in Crossgates, Penzeys Spices will be opening a new store in Stuyvesant Plaza. Find out what other new stores are opening soon. Photo: Chronicle File Image 20 of 85 Guess and Kay Jewelers opened outlet stores at Lee Premium Outlets in Lee, Mass., which also now has a GNC. Guess and Kay Jewelers opened outlet stores at Lee Premium Outlets in Lee, Mass., which also now has a GNC. Photo: Courtesy Of Business.simon.com Image 21 of 85 Ulta Beauty is set to open at Colonie Center Nov. 11 with giveaways for the first 100 customers and free makeovers all weekend. Read more here. Ulta Beauty is set to open at Colonie Center Nov. 11 with giveaways for the first 100 customers and free makeovers all weekend. Read more here. Image 22 of 85 ThinkGeek, an online retailer catering to geek-culture enthusiasts, is opening a store at Crossgates Mall in December. Continue viewing the slideshow to see more Capital Region retail developments. ThinkGeek, an online retailer catering to geek-culture enthusiasts, is opening a store at Crossgates Mall in December. Continue viewing the slideshow to see more Capital Region retail developments. Image 23 of 85 Buy photo Schenectady's VanCurler Music Store, located in the Proctors Arcade, announced in August it would be closing after 32 years in business. Schenectady's VanCurler Music Store, located in the Proctors Arcade, announced in August it would be closing after 32 years in business. Photo: Michael P. Farrell Buy this photo Image 24 of 85 Google is offering a new service in the Capital Region that enables people to buy online from multiple stores called Google Express. Click through the slideshow to learn about new stores and more that have opened or are coming soon. less Google is offering a new service in the Capital Region that enables people to buy online from multiple stores called Google Express. Click through the slideshow to learn about new stores and more that have ... more Photo: Asicophoto/Joy Asico, Google Image 25 of 85 Two new stores have opened in the Lark Street area in Albany. Clothing store enigma.com moved from Troy to 248 Lark St. Two new stores have opened in the Lark Street area in Albany. Clothing store enigma.com moved from Troy to 248 Lark St. Photo: Theenigmaco.com Image 26 of 85 Lucky Strike Bowling a 50,000 square foot bowling alley and entertainment center, opened in Crossgates Mall in June. Lucky Strike Bowling a 50,000 square foot bowling alley and entertainment center, opened in Crossgates Mall in June. Photo: Facebook.com/luckystrikeent Image 27 of 85 Buy photo Ice cream shop Ben & Jerry's relocated from Lark and Jay Streets to a new store at 467 Madison Ave., on the block between Lark and Washington Park. Click through the slideshow to find out which other stores have opened or plan to open in the area soon. less Ice cream shop Ben & Jerry's relocated from Lark and Jay Streets to a new store at 467 Madison Ave., on the block between Lark and Washington Park. Click through the slideshow to find out which other stores ... more Photo: Lori Van Buren Buy this photo Image 28 of 85 Buy photo Off-price retailer T.J. Maxx opened its new store at Crossgates Commons in August. Off-price retailer T.J. Maxx opened its new store at Crossgates Commons in August. Photo: Lori Van Buren Buy this photo Image 29 of 85 Buy photo At Home, a home decor big-box retailer, opened a 90,000-square-foot store at Crossgates Commons in August. At Home, a home decor big-box retailer, opened a 90,000-square-foot store at Crossgates Commons in August. Photo: Lori Van Buren Buy this photo Image 30 of 85 A Love Story Bridal opened in Troy. The store will both accept and sell second-hand gowns and wedding accessories. A Love Story Bridal opened in Troy. The store will both accept and sell second-hand gowns and wedding accessories. Photo: A Love Story Bridal Image 31 of 85 Buy photo A Dick's Sporting Goods and Field & Stream store celebrated its grand opening in Latham Farms in August 2016. A Dick's Sporting Goods and Field & Stream store celebrated its grand opening in Latham Farms in August 2016. Buy this photo Image 32 of 85 Buy photo Sears Auto Center at Colonie Center closed in July after opening with the mall 50 years ago. Part of the space will be taken over by BJ's Brewhouse Restaurant. Sears Auto Center at Colonie Center closed in July after opening with the mall 50 years ago. Part of the space will be taken over by BJ's Brewhouse Restaurant. Photo: John Carl D'Annibale Buy this photo Image 33 of 85 American Natural Gas LLC held a grand opening celebration for what is being billed as Saratoga Springs’ first compressed natural gas fueling station in July. The new CNG station is located at the W.J. Grande Industrial Park at 34 Cady Hill Boulevard. Read more. less American Natural Gas LLC held a grand opening celebration for what is being billed as Saratoga Springs’ first compressed natural gas fueling station in July. The new CNG station is located at the W.J. Grande ... more Image 34 of 85 Buy photo Clifton Park’s newest hotel, a 130-room Courtyard by Marriott, opened in July. The hotel, at 627 Plank Road. Read more. Clifton Park’s newest hotel, a 130-room Courtyard by Marriott, opened in July. The hotel, at 627 Plank Road. Read more. Photo: PAUL BUCKOWSKI Buy this photo Image 35 of 85 The Troy Planning Commission in July approved plans for a four-story Tru by Hilton, to be located at 1610 Sixth Avenue. The Troy Planning Commission in July approved plans for a four-story Tru by Hilton, to be located at 1610 Sixth Avenue. Image 36 of 85 Buy photo Via Port Rotterdam, formerly Rotterdam Square Mall, plans to open an aquarium in late September. Read more and view photos. Via Port Rotterdam, formerly Rotterdam Square Mall, plans to open an aquarium in late September. Read more and view photos. Photo: John Carl D'Annibale Buy this photo Image 37 of 85 Buy photo Sonic is planning to open a new Troy location at Hudson River Commons, formerly Troy Plaza, later this summer. Sonic is planning to open a new Troy location at Hudson River Commons, formerly Troy Plaza, later this summer. Photo: Lori Van Buren Buy this photo Image 38 of 85 Death Wish Coffee and Albany Distilling Co. teamed up to produce a coffee-infused vodka back in June. Read more. Death Wish Coffee and Albany Distilling Co. teamed up to produce a coffee-infused vodka back in June. Read more. Photo: Optimum Exposure Photography Image 39 of 85 Buy photo Locally-owned soapmaker, RAD, will open its first retail store at Stuyvesant Plaza this fall. Read more. Locally-owned soapmaker, RAD, will open its first retail store at Stuyvesant Plaza this fall. Read more. Photo: John Carl D'Annibale Buy this photo Image 40 of 85 Regal Cinemas is adding two theaters and renovating the seven theaters it already operates at Aviation Mall in Queensbury. The work is expected to be completed in November. Regal Cinemas is adding two theaters and renovating the seven theaters it already operates at Aviation Mall in Queensbury. The work is expected to be completed in November. Photo: John Carl D'Annibale Image 41 of 85 Buy photo Stewart's plans to open a new store in Malta, located at the corner of Route 67 and Luther Forest Blvd. They will also hosted grand opening events at new stores in Queensbury and Halfmoon in August. Read more. Stewart's plans to open a new store in Malta, located at the corner of Route 67 and Luther Forest Blvd. They will also hosted grand opening events at new stores in Queensbury and Halfmoon in August. Read more. Photo: PAUL BUCKOWSKI Buy this photo Image 42 of 85 Buy photo Eliza DeRocker, who owns Saratoga Closet, is opening another shop. The New York Closet will sell new and luxury consignment and will be located in Newton Plaza on Route 9 in Latham. Read more on Kristi's Blog. less Eliza DeRocker, who owns Saratoga Closet, is opening another shop. The New York Closet will sell new and luxury consignment and will be located in Newton Plaza on Route 9 in Latham. Read more on Kristi's ... more Photo: Michael P. Farrell Buy this photo Image 43 of 85 Buy photo Five Below, a discount store, opened at Crossgates Mall on Friday, June 24.  Five Below, a discount store, opened at Crossgates Mall on Friday, June 24.  Photo: Lori Van Buren Buy this photo Image 44 of 85 H&M has plans to open at Colonie Center at some point in 2017, possibly late summer or early fall. Read more here. H&M has plans to open at Colonie Center at some point in 2017, possibly late summer or early fall. Read more here. Photo: Regis Duvignau/Reuters, Http://www.newsweek.com/after-flying-shelves-hm-balmain-selling-over-2000-ebay-390978 Image 45 of 85 Buy photo A new Aldi opened on Central Ave. in Colonie in June. A new Aldi opened on Central Ave. in Colonie in June. Photo: John Carl D'Annibale Buy this photo Image 46 of 85 Buy photo Bob's Discount Furniture opened at The Shoppes at Latham Circle, the former Latham Circle Mall, on Thursday May 26, 2016 in Latham, N.Y. Bob's Discount Furniture opened at The Shoppes at Latham Circle, the former Latham Circle Mall, on Thursday May 26, 2016 in Latham, N.Y. Photo: Michael P. Farrell, Albany Times Union Buy this photo Image 47 of 85 Buy photo The A&W Restaurant on Route 9 in Lake George has reopened after a devastating fire last July heavily damaged the building. Read more.  The A&W Restaurant on Route 9 in Lake George has reopened after a devastating fire last July heavily damaged the building. Read more.  Photo: PS Buy this photo Image 48 of 85 Buy photo Rascals, a new steakhouse and entertainment hall,opened at Crossgates Mall earlier this year. Rascals, a new steakhouse and entertainment hall,opened at Crossgates Mall earlier this year. Photo: Lori Van Buren, Albany Times Union Buy this photo Image 49 of 85 Buy photo Four new Market 32 stores have opened in the region. They are located in Hamilton Square in Guilderland, Hudson Valley Plaza in Troy, on Delaware Avenue in Albany and on Madison Avenue in Albany. Read more here. less Four new Market 32 stores have opened in the region. They are located in Hamilton Square in Guilderland, Hudson Valley Plaza in Troy, on Delaware Avenue in Albany and on Madison Avenue in Albany. Read more ... more Photo: SKIP DICKSTEIN Buy this photo Image 50 of 85 Buy photo The Hamlet at Saratoga Springs at 56 Marion Ave. opened on May 3rd. The complex has 55 luxury apartments and provides a large variety of hotel amenities and retail outlets. Read more here. The Hamlet at Saratoga Springs at 56 Marion Ave. opened on May 3rd. The complex has 55 luxury apartments and provides a large variety of hotel amenities and retail outlets. Read more here. Photo: Cindy Schultz Buy this photo Image 51 of 85 Northeastern Fine Jewelry plans to open another location in the Capital Region by the end of the year. It already has a store in Schenectady and there are plans to renovate and expand its store at 1575 Western Ave. in Guilderland. Read more here. less Northeastern Fine Jewelry plans to open another location in the Capital Region by the end of the year. It already has a store in Schenectady and there are plans to renovate and expand its store at 1575 Western ... more Photo: Cindy Schultz Image 52 of 85 Buy photo K1 Speed, the indoor go-kart racing business, closed after losing its lease at Crossgates Commons to TJ Maxx. Read more here. K1 Speed, the indoor go-kart racing business, closed after losing its lease at Crossgates Commons to TJ Maxx. Read more here. Photo: John Carl D'Annibale Buy this photo Image 53 of 85 Buy photo Shop owners Carolyn Fagan, right, and her daughter Samantha Fagan with Staub cookware, which is French cast iron with ceramic coating, on Tuesday, April 19, 2016, at Culinary Square in Troy, N.Y. It was the first day of business for the upscale kitchen store on River Street. (Cindy Schultz / Times Union) less Shop owners Carolyn Fagan, right, and her daughter Samantha Fagan with Staub cookware, which is French cast iron with ceramic coating, on Tuesday, April 19, 2016, at Culinary Square in Troy, N.Y. It was the ... more Photo: Cindy Schultz Buy this photo Image 54 of 85 J.Crew Mercantile recently opened in Colonie Center. Read more. J.Crew Mercantile recently opened in Colonie Center. Read more. Photo: Factory.jcrew.com Image 55 of 85 Buy photo Burlington opened in April at the Shoppes at Latham Circle. Click to view photos from the store's opening day. Burlington opened in April at the Shoppes at Latham Circle. Click to view photos from the store's opening day. Photo: John Carl D'Annibale Buy this photo Image 56 of 85 Capoccia Wine Lounge, owned by the family that has made wine in Niskayuna for four years at Capoccia Vineyards & Winery, opened Tuesday (3/29) at 508 State St., in the Foster Building. The renovated 2,600-square-foot space contains a retail section and tasting room in the front, bar and lounge in the rear. Read more. less Capoccia Wine Lounge, owned by the family that has made wine in Niskayuna for four years at Capoccia Vineyards & Winery, opened Tuesday (3/29) at 508 State St., in the Foster Building. The renovated ... more Photo: Capocciawines.com Image 57 of 85 Off Broadway Shoe Warehouse opened in Crossgates Mall on April 7. Read more. Off Broadway Shoe Warehouse opened in Crossgates Mall on April 7. Read more. Photo: Offbroadwayshoes.com Image 58 of 85 Saratoga Modular Homes LLC opened a Capital District Design Center at Newton Plaza, 582 New Loudon Road, in Latham in March. Read more. Saratoga Modular Homes LLC opened a Capital District Design Center at Newton Plaza, 582 New Loudon Road, in Latham in March. Read more. Photo: Saratogamodular.com Image 59 of 85 Johnny Rockets plans to open at the former site of Wolf's 1-11 at Times Union Center. With approvals by the legislature and its civic center committee, the new restaurant could be open by mid- to late-summer. Read more. less Johnny Rockets plans to open at the former site of Wolf's 1-11 at Times Union Center. With approvals by the legislature and its civic center committee, the new restaurant could be open by mid- to late-summer. ... more Photo: John Carl D'Annibale, Albany Times Union Image 60 of 85 T.A.C.S. Autobody, located on 9W in Glenmont, has submitted plans to the town of Bethlehem for a new 10,955 square foot facility. Read more. T.A.C.S. Autobody, located on 9W in Glenmont, has submitted plans to the town of Bethlehem for a new 10,955 square foot facility. Read more. Photo: Rulison, Larry Image 61 of 85 The owners of Hannoush Jewelers are building a new 6,000 square foot retail strip mall on Route 155, on the site of the former Handy Andy grocery in Colonie, which burned down in 2013. Read more. The owners of Hannoush Jewelers are building a new 6,000 square foot retail strip mall on Route 155, on the site of the former Handy Andy grocery in Colonie, which burned down in 2013. Read more. Image 62 of 85 Francesca’s opened in Colonie Center this spring. The retailer specializes in women’s apparel, shoes, accessories, jewelry and gift items in a boutique setting. Read more. Francesca’s opened in Colonie Center this spring. The retailer specializes in women’s apparel, shoes, accessories, jewelry and gift items in a boutique setting. Read more. Image 63 of 85 A bird's eye view of the Central Avenue parcel where Save-a-Lot is planning a new store. A bird's eye view of the Central Avenue parcel where Save-a-Lot is planning a new store. Photo: Rulison, Larry Image 64 of 85 Buy photo Cap Com, one of the region’s largest credit unions, has reopened its Latham branch following renovations. The new upgrades include an airport themed kids area. Cap Com, one of the region’s largest credit unions, has reopened its Latham branch following renovations. The new upgrades include an airport themed kids area. Photo: Lori Van Buren Buy this photo Image 65 of 85 Buy photo Pioneer Bank is expanding into Greene County by buying two Berkshire Bank branches, located at 440 Main Street in Cairo and 11565 Highway 32 in Greenville. Pioneer also opened a new branch in downtown Schenectady recently at 426 State St. Read more. less Pioneer Bank is expanding into Greene County by buying two Berkshire Bank branches, located at 440 Main Street in Cairo and 11565 Highway 32 in Greenville. Pioneer also opened a new branch in downtown ... more Photo: Cindy Schultz Buy this photo Image 66 of 85 Buy photo A New York City real estate development and management firm wants to turn the former Kmart in Latham into a health and wellness center, which would offer an assortment of alternative and holistic healthcare services. There is already a Vent Fitness center at that location. Read more. less A New York City real estate development and management firm wants to turn the former Kmart in Latham into a health and wellness center, which would offer an assortment of alternative and holistic healthcare ... more Photo: WW Buy this photo Image 67 of 85 Vans opened a new store at Crossgates Mall in early March 2015. Vans opened a new store at Crossgates Mall in early March 2015. Photo: Sarah Diodato / Times Union Image 68 of 85 Buy photo A renovated Apple Store reopened at Crossgates Mall in February 2016. Read more. A renovated Apple Store reopened at Crossgates Mall in February 2016. Read more. Photo: Michael P. Farrell Buy this photo Image 69 of 85 Buy photo The renovated Apple store reopened at Crossgates Mall on Saturday Feb. 27, 2016 in Guilderland, N.Y. (Michael P. Farrell/Times Union) The renovated Apple store reopened at Crossgates Mall on Saturday Feb. 27, 2016 in Guilderland, N.Y. (Michael P. Farrell/Times Union) Photo: Michael P. Farrell Buy this photo Image 70 of 85 A Clifton Park formal wear store, Mr. Formal Wear, has opened up its second location in The Springs apartment complex in Saratoga. Mr. Formal Wear says it takes a “more modern ‘twist’ on tuxedos,” offering fashion suits and the latest designers. The original Clifton Park location is at 1505 U.S. 9, and The Springs is at 9 Hampstead Place. less A Clifton Park formal wear store, Mr. Formal Wear, has opened up its second location in The Springs apartment complex in Saratoga. Mr. Formal Wear says it takes a “more modern ‘twist’ on tuxedos,” ... more Photo: Mrformalwear.com Image 71 of 85 The Capital Region's first Jersey Mike's opened in Clifton Park at 5 Southside Drive in early March. A second location is opening in Glenmont. Read more. The Capital Region's first Jersey Mike's opened in Clifton Park at 5 Southside Drive in early March. A second location is opening in Glenmont. Read more. Photo: Jersey Mike's Subs | Facebook Image 72 of 85 The Great Escape Room, an entertainment venue that offers a team of up to a dozen people a series of clues and puzzles that they must solve in order to leave their locked room opened in early March at 2 Kross Keys Drive in Colonie. This concept is similar to The Mystery Room (in photo), which opened in Crossgates Mall in 2015. Read more. less The Great Escape Room, an entertainment venue that offers a team of up to a dozen people a series of clues and puzzles that they must solve in order to leave their locked room opened in early March at 2 Kross ... more Image 73 of 85 A micro brewery, the Real McCoy Beer Co., has opened in Delmar’s Four Corner’s neighborhood, on Hallwood Avenue behind the Post Office. Read more. A micro brewery, the Real McCoy Beer Co., has opened in Delmar’s Four Corner’s neighborhood, on Hallwood Avenue behind the Post Office. Read more. Image 74 of 85 Amore Clothing has opened a new store in Newton Plaza at 595 New Loudon Road in Latham. The store carries men’s clothing and outerwear, and offers custom tailoring. It also plans to introduce a line of Italian footwear. The original Albany store, at 123 State St., will be open by appointment for alterations only. Read more. less Amore Clothing has opened a new store in Newton Plaza at 595 New Loudon Road in Latham. The store carries men’s clothing and outerwear, and offers custom tailoring. It also plans to introduce a line of ... more Photo: Colleen Ingerto Image 75 of 85 Buy photo Steuben Street Market opened on 58 N. Pearl St. in January.  Steuben Street Market opened on 58 N. Pearl St. in January.  Photo: John Carl D'Annibale, Albany Times Union Buy this photo Image 76 of 85 Buy photo Exit 5 Auto Group, a new dealership that features classic vehicles in its showroom, opened recently at 625 Watervliet-Shaker Rd. in Latham. Read more about the opening on tu+. Exit 5 Auto Group, a new dealership that features classic vehicles in its showroom, opened recently at 625 Watervliet-Shaker Rd. in Latham. Read more about the opening on tu+. Photo: Lori Van Buren Buy this photo Image 77 of 85 Lia Nissan is opening a new location at 373 Dix Ave. in Glens Falls. Read more. Lia Nissan is opening a new location at 373 Dix Ave. in Glens Falls. Read more. Image 78 of 85 Capital CarShare, a service that allows members to reserve a vehicle in the company’s fleet for short time periods, opened recently on 194 Lark Street in Albany. Read more. Capital CarShare, a service that allows members to reserve a vehicle in the company’s fleet for short time periods, opened recently on 194 Lark Street in Albany. Read more. Photo: Capitalcarshare.org Image 79 of 85 Buy photo Moe's opened in Glenmont Plaza on Thursday, Jan. 7, 2016. As a promotion, the first 50 through the door at 11 a.m. got a year's supply of burritos (one a week.) See who lined up for free burritos. Moe's opened in Glenmont Plaza on Thursday, Jan. 7, 2016. As a promotion, the first 50 through the door at 11 a.m. got a year's supply of burritos (one a week.) See who lined up for free burritos. Photo: Lori Van Buren Buy this photo Image 80 of 85 Buy photo Cider Belly Donut's "Cider Belly Express" started delivering doughnuts and coffee in January 2016. They charge a delivery fee of $2 for downtown stops, $3 uptown. Read more. Cider Belly Donut's "Cider Belly Express" started delivering doughnuts and coffee in January 2016. They charge a delivery fee of $2 for downtown stops, $3 uptown. Read more. Photo: Will Waldron Buy this photo Image 81 of 85 Buy photo Albany Distilling Co. plans to invest $750,000 to convert two buildings at 10-12 Yates St. in Schenectady to a second production. The manufacturing and retail operation will provide tours and they hope to give people another reason to visit downtown Schenectady. An early 2016 opening is planned. Read more. less Albany Distilling Co. plans to invest $750,000 to convert two buildings at 10-12 Yates St. in Schenectady to a second production. The manufacturing and retail operation will provide tours and they hope to give ... more Photo: Paul Buckowski Buy this photo Image 82 of 85 Buy photo Cumberland Farms’ opened a new store on Troy-Schenectady and Swatling roads in Latham in November. Cumberland Farms’ opened a new store on Troy-Schenectady and Swatling roads in Latham in November. Photo: Cindy Schultz Buy this photo Image 83 of 85 Ardene, a Canadian women's clothing store, opened its first American outlet at Crossgates Mall in November. Ardene, a Canadian women's clothing store, opened its first American outlet at Crossgates Mall in November. Photo: Ardene.com Image 84 of 85 Buy photo Twenty-Two 2nd. St. Wine Co., which is owned by Vic Christopher and Heather LaVine who also own Peck's Arcade and Lucas Confectionary, opened in Troy in November. Twenty-Two 2nd. St. Wine Co., which is owned by Vic Christopher and Heather LaVine who also own Peck's Arcade and Lucas Confectionary, opened in Troy in November. Photo: John Carl D'Annibale Buy this photo Image 85 of 85 Niskayuna Walmart market store to close 1 / 85 Back to Gallery Walmart will be closing its Neighborhood Market on State Street in Niskayuna, citing inadequate economic performance among the reasons. About 100 workers there will be offered the option to transfer to another nearby store, said corporate spokesman Phillip Keene, director of corporate communications. The last day should be on or before June 9, with the pharmacy to close no later than May 30. The store opened in November 2013 in the Mansion Square Shopping Plaza.  "The decision to close our Niskayuna Neighborhood Market is not an easy one, but, as a company, we are committed to continuing our growth and investment in New York," said Keene. "We operate more than 110 Walmart stores and Sam's Clubs in New York, including the two new stores we opened last year. We also invested millions in the state in 2016 by remodeling six stores and opening an associate training academy at our store in Batavia, NY. Over the next year, we will continue to improve our existing stores by remodeling more than 12 locations across the state." he continued. Keene said the corporation was "hopeful that the majority of the associates at the State Street store will want to continue their career with Walmart by transferring to another nearby store. Based on current local transfer opportunities, we are optimistic that any associate that wants to continue their career at Walmart will have the opportunity to do so." Related Stories Crises for taxpayers, towns as traditional retail dies     News Videos Most Popular 1 Woman killed on Thruway stepped into truck's path during... 2 CSX to shut down hump yard at Selkirk 3 Black family's garage torched, painted with racist graffiti in... 4 Covert plan in place to thwart Lake George's Log Bay Day 5 Niskayuna Walmart market store to close 6 SEEN: Ravena-Coeymans-Selkirk Prom 7 A.M. Roundup: Saturday night’s all right for defending your... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Contact Us Our Company Jobs at the TU Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Content Blogs Weather School Closings Events Calendar Weddings/Celebrations Births Obituaries Online Store Puzzles Palace Connect Newsletters Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google+ Instagram Subscribe Subscriber Services Home Delivery Become a Carrier iPad app Times Union Plus Copyright and Reprint eEdition Hearst Newspapers © Copyright The Hearst Corporation
Skip to main content Search form Search Advanced Search Restaurants of the Year RECIPES Meat & Poultry Comfort Food Soups Breakfast & Brunch Appetizers Salads Side Dishes Desserts Fruits Vegetables Seafood Pasta & Noodles Special Diets DRINKS Wine Cocktails Champagne Coffee Beer Tea TRAVEL Restaurants Wine Regions Around the World Local Flavor HOLIDAYS Spring Recipes Mother's Day Memorial Day Father’s Day Grilling Recipes 4th of July Labor Day NEWS CHEFS Cooking Videos Mad Genius Tips EVENTS F&W Classic in Aspen KITCHEN & HOME Cooking Techniques How To Gift Guides SUBSCRIBE Magazine Give a Gift Newsletters Wine Club Latest Gilmore Girls Fans: There Could Be a Luke's Diner Lego Set On the Way How 36 Million Pounds of Fake-Organic Food Ended Up in the U.S. This 100-Year-Old Man Just Won Free Beer For Life Burger King Is Trying to Expand Its Beer Sales World’s Greatest Pizza Guy Delivered to a Stranded Train Scientists May Have Proven That Sparkling Water Makes People Hungrier Burger King's Infamous Mac n' Cheetos Are Back—For a Limited Time Make Your Dinner Ridiculously Pretty with Cherry Blossom Pasta 'Silicon Valley's' Hot Dog-Identifying App Is Very Real Michelle Obama is Speaking Out About the Changes Coming to School Lunches Home News Previous Scientists May Have Proven That Sparkling Water Makes People Hungrier Next Make Spain’s Most Famous Tapa with Just Three Ingredients LaCroix Just Got Easier to Find Latest Gilmore Girls Fans: There Could Be a Luke's Diner Lego Set On the Way How 36 Million Pounds of Fake-Organic Food Ended Up in the U.S. This 100-Year-Old Man Just Won Free Beer For Life Burger King Is Trying to Expand Its Beer Sales World’s Greatest Pizza Guy Delivered to a Stranded Train Scientists May Have Proven That Sparkling Water Makes People Hungrier Burger King's Infamous Mac n' Cheetos Are Back—For a Limited Time Make Your Dinner Ridiculously Pretty with Cherry Blossom Pasta 'Silicon Valley's' Hot Dog-Identifying App Is Very Real Michelle Obama is Speaking Out About the Changes Coming to School Lunches The Washington Post / Getty Images By Mike Pomranz Posted May 15, 2017 A new deal will have it in 2400 new places. Stocking up on LaCroix Sparkling Water in major retailers like Walmart, Target, Kroger and even Whole Foods has never been an issue, but the independent company has apparently had trouble getting its beloved beverages into stores that rely on direct store delivery (DSD) for distribution. However, a new deal with Hudson News Distributors should immediately help LaCroix infiltrate that market in the Northeast, bringing the flavored sparkling water to 2,400 independent stores across the region. brightcove-video:5415142740001 “In the beverage category, a lot of the major national chains prefer direct store delivery because they don’t have the warehouse space nor the space on their truck to now accommodate the multitude of the waters and beverages that are available,” Hudson News Distributors’ Tom Dowdy, whose company is well established in the DSD space, told BeverageDaily. Dowdy said that ultimately working with LaCroix makes sense because of its continued popularity. “We looked at who is at the top of sales list besides brands that are controlled by Coke, Pepsi, and Dr. Pepper Snapple” and found the remaining top sellers were LaCroix and Nestle Waters. Related Clearly Canadian Backers Still Waiting Two Years Later One of the World's Most Delicious Chickens Is Now Available on Amazon 8 Cult Food Items That Sold for Less Than a 19-Year-Old Package of McDonald's Dipping Sauce Not only will this deal help LaCroix get into more stores, the drink might be easier to find once you get to those stores as well. Beyond distribution, Hudson News Distributors is also involved in positioning products in store, with an increased focus on checkout counter placement. That means the one-time “cult” favorite LaCroix will be more likely to be staring you down every time you buy anything from these retailers. You have to wonder if people will eventually get LaCroix fatigue.  Though according to a 2016 article from Business Insider, sales of the sparkling water brand had doubled over the past two years. At the very least, I guess the Wisconsin-based company has to ride that wave while it can. Previous Scientists May Have Proven That Sparkling Water Makes People Hungrier Next Make Spain’s Most Famous Tapa with Just Three Ingredients Sponsored Stories Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement   Holidays & Occasions Chinese New Year Super Bowl Recipes Valentine's Day Recipes Oscar Party Food Mardi Gras Recipes Easter Recipes Cinco de Mayo Recipes Kentucky Derby Recipes Rosh Hashanah Recipes Halloween Recipes Thanksgiving Ideas Thanksgiving Recipes Christmas Recipes Christmas Dinner Popular Dishes Sandwiches Snacks Bread Recipes Grain Recipes Bean Recipes Chicken Recipes Quinoa Recipes Chicken Breast Recipes French Recipes Italian Recipes Mexican Recipes Subscribe Subscribe to Food & Wine Give a Gift Subscription Food & Wine Books Get Food & Wine iPad Edition Get F&W Mobile Apps Clubs & Events Food & Wine Connoisseur Club Events F&W Classic in Aspen Best New Chefs Contact Customer Service Contact Us Advertising Careers Time Inc. Affluent Media Group Travel + Leisure Departures Centurion Site Map All products and services featured are selected by our editors. Food & Wine may receive compensation for some links to products and services on this website. © 2017 Time Inc. Affluent Media Group. All rights reserved. View Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. Your California Privacy Rights. Ad Choices. Users of this site agree to be bound by the Website Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy. foodandwine.com is part of the Time Inc. Food Collection and the MyRecipes Network.
Politics | Entertainment | Arts | Lifestyle | Business | Health | Subscribe Search for: Submit Observer Politics National International New York New Jersey Editorials National Security Entertainment TV Movies Music Books Movie Reviews Lifestyle Fashion Celebrity Food & Drink Home Design Real Estate Travel Arts Theater Visual Art Dance Opera Business Technology Startups Internet Culture Media Health Psychology Relationships Fitness Nutrition Subscribe to Newsletters What You Can Learn by Reading Hundreds of Amazon Reviews by the Same Person By Aaron Thier • 05/15/17 3:27pm Should I heed Amazon’s recommendation? LIONEL BONAVENTURE/AFP/Getty Images Let’s say I’m craving a bag of Hostess donettes, but I don’t have enough pep to drive all the way to Walmart. A good alternative is to order them from Amazon, where everything I could ever want or need is one click away. I’m a circumspect e-shopper, however, and I consult the customer reviews before committing to my purchase. I’m glad I do. “If you did a blind taste test,” one customer notes, “you would have no idea what they were.” Another reports, “They were not chocolate they were white.” Still another writes, “There is no way these are safe if they make a person’s eyes water. The formaldehyde odor and chemical taste is like a toxic gas.” Rick laments, “I wasn’t thinking and ate pretty much the whole bag; later that night I felt like I was dying since they didn’t break down quick.” So maybe I’ll heed Amazon’s recommendation and buy this eighteen-ounce oval ceramic SpongeBob SquarePants mug instead. I can drink CVS cola out of it while I plot my next move. “It is a little unusual at first drinking from the oval shape,” writes Chris, “… but a little practice builds confidence.” That’s good—the shape was my main concern—but thank heavens I decide to read a few more. JenCarp warns: “What they fail to tell you is that when you receive the mug, there is a sticker saying it contains chemicals that can cause reproductive issues.” Customers who took a chance on that mug also bought a SpongeBob SquarePants Adult Comfy Throw with Sleeves, and they were especially satisfied. Not one reviewer gave this item fewer than three stars. Dylan hiller (no capital) writes, “great material, very warm and big enough for any person. I didn’t purchase it for myself but I tried it on and it was big enough for me and I’m 6 foot 4 and 350 pounds.” This sounds like a nice way to stay cozy as I shop for a non-toxic mug and edible donuts. This sounds like a nice way to stay cozy as I shop for edible donuts. Pexels Customer reviews are an essential part of an e-commerce platform, and it’s true that they can be very helpful. But you don’t always get a straight-shooter like Dylan hiller or JenCarp, and there are big problems with this system. Many reviewers don’t understand what a review is for. They use the space to insult the seller or the post office, to complain about some aspect of the website experience, to discuss a different item, or to register sadness about an item’s price. Literacy issues often make reviews unintelligible. More generally, though, and maybe more importantly, there’s the anonymity problem. Just as you don’t know what you’re getting from the seller, you don’t know what you’re getting with these reviewers either. You don’t know whether they’re people with whom you’d agree on the fundamental things. Maybe I’m enticed by Truthsayer’s guileless review of Everybody Loves Raymond, Season Five—“Season 5 was the absolute best of all the Seasons! No Bad shows in this set!”—but I’ll see this endorsement in a different light when I click through to this person’s review of National Lampoons Christmas Vacation (Special Edition). “The fact that there are so many good reviews on it is a sign of the times!! No wonder there are so many murders, crimes and even ISIS with this kind of tripe being shown to our children…” Rage, at least, is an understandable motive for writing a review, and if Truthsayer has discovered the ideological wellspring of ISIS, that’s a discovery worth communicating. Astonished delight is understandable as well. But why do so many people feel moved to post tepid or equivocal reviews? Who writes a three-star review of Beistle’s “Mom to Be” sash that reads simply: “Average looking sash.” Or this three-star review of Ovente’s 1.5 Liter Cordless Electric Kettle: “Does anyone knows what are those dots? Is it lust or what? Except those dots, it works fine. But it looks not okay especially when I can see those dots through the glass.” The Pink Princess’s three-star review of Tetris Blitz reads: “I do not even remember ordering this item and have never played it. But we all love Tetris don’t we?” Lots of people write product reviews compulsively, in a desultory manner that suggests obligation. Some people write hundreds every year, and reveal a shocking amount of personal information. A few minutes of reading and I know that “habblie,” who lives in California, is 5’ 7” (or 5’ 8”, depending on the day) and 155 pounds. She’s “a big German girl.” She likes jazz dance. She’s allergic to nickel and has sensitive teeth. She drives a Kia Soul. She always makes a double batch of pancakes and freezes half, because they’re easy to thaw in the toaster. She has an eight-year-old son who loves Minecraft fan fiction; a six-year-old son who’s lactose intolerant, has eczema, and wears a night guard because he grinds his teeth; and a five-year-old daughter who’s a little smaller than average. She runs a dog training boot camp with 900 square feet of artificial grass, and odor is a problem. Her own scent is Juniper Breeze, from Bath and Body Works. She developed a “moustache shaped dark area” on her upper lip, but Topiclear Number One Skin Lightening Cream took care of it. She makes cold brew coffee by soaking it in a large bowl and straining it through paper towels. She tried to use a Primula Cold Brew Coffee Maker, but the results were disappointing: “To be honest, I felt relief when I broke it. I only recommend buying this if you wish to break the heart of some coffee lover out there with false hope and broken promises.” She bought a personal alarm after being harassed by a group of teenage boys. She called the police, but the cop thought she was exaggerating. I know all of this, but what kind of information is it? Her reviews are not carefully-considered personal statements, they are not oriented toward her friends or followers, they don’t refer to other aspects of Internet culture. They are addressed to the void, and they seem to issue from a kind of void as well. If I actually knew her, I’d have a top-down way of organizing my impressions; the reviews would confirm or confound the sense I had of her. Getting to know her this way, however, means that I have no way to organize the details. The details themselves are all I have. It’s like seeing only the houses and trees in a landscape, but never the landscape itself, never the sky or the earth or the mountains. Gary W. Crane is as committed to his product reviews as habblie is, but he’s less self-aware and less careful with his typing, so the impression of incoherence is more striking. Is he a misogynist, for example? He writes continually about women’s bodies: “Jane Fonda looks like she had just finished one of her workout DVDs but NO you don’t see hardly any her body.” “Whomever the lady is with the white and black paint on really makes this movie watchable.” “Miss Lively fills out a bikini very nicely.” He bought “Farmer’s Daughter” and “Fit Women Australia” calendars. And yet he’s not only, or not always, a lascivious creep. He’s full of admiration for talented actresses, and he remarks, in his review of Better than Chocolate, “Its nice to see a movie with mostly women in it and standing up for each other in a realistic way.” His review of Pure Nude Yoga is especially confounding. It begins, “I found this DVD very relaxing. I also see that this lady does NOT eat at fast food places. I feel that the action in the movie can be followed once you have watched it a couple of times. But where to do this in that you can work on a all over tan but after you put on lotions then bug spray. I do not think this is good to do in the sand since some of that may fall into your face…” The more I learn about him, the fuzzier the picture gets. He likes his #1 Liquid Brain Supplement + Energy Drink: “I feel that it works after about a half an hour…” He loves his Trilobite fossil, which he keeps in a pistol display case. He’s an advocate of legal marijuana and he bought two pot-leaf hats, a bracelet, and a pendant for himself, as well as more pot-leaf stuff for a woman. He uses “tanning pills.” He says that a good use of surveillance drones would be to film St. Patrick’s day parades and broadcast them to people who are housebound. He’s a 9/11 conspiracy-theory guy, and he enjoyed a book called Who Built the Moon?, another called Somebody Else is on the Moon, and yet another called Our Mysterious Spaceship Moon. “Read this book and you can be sure the US Government won’t tell you that the Earth has a floating spacecraft floating around there. The Hindus and the Zulu people both remember a time when there WAS NO MOON rotating the Earth.” On December 12, 2016, he reviewed a red “Make America Great Again” hat. “Now that I have it I will have to be concerned about the losers that just can’t accept losing.. Just deal with it” (five stars). For a moment, I have the sense that I can fit Gary W. Crane into a cubby-hole, and yet, on November 22, when his enthusiasm ought to have been even greater, he had reviewed another red “Make America Great Again” hat. “I made a mistake in buying this hat in that I thought it was made in America. IT IS NOT !!!!! But it does have the message that I was looking for so I am keeping it but may not wear it as much as I would have a made in America hat” (two stars). This is hardly the testament of a rabid Trump-supporter. He doesn’t mention Trump at all. And the “message” he refers to is probably just some watery idea about American pride. His opinions are not obviously skewed by xenophobia, and although he bought a “Blue Lives Matter” sticker, a “Police Lives Matter” license plate, and a matching “Police Lives Matter” bracelet, he is unaware of the larger racial injustice and is preoccupied instead by fears about his own physical safety. As I gradually come to understand, he’s an old man, and he uses, or has used, a walker. Of course, another way of saying it is that I end up liking Gary W. Crane, and wanting to believe that his opinions are not skewed by xenophobia. I want to understand his Trump-support as a geographical and historical accident. What if he and I were to encounter one another in the real world? It might be a different story. If he were wearing his “Make America Great Again” hat and his “Police Lives Matter” bracelet, I’d be angry at him, and more than angry. In today’s charged political climate, I would feel hatred for this old guy. I wouldn’t know that he opposes any increase in military spending, and that for a while he was wearing a peace-sign belt buckle around his neck. His review of Pride + Prejudice + Zombies reads: “Sorry to say you really don’t know who the good people are in this very unusual movie.” It’s absurd to say that I know this man after reading a few hundred of his Amazon product reviews. His imperfect literacy distorts his voice and gives his writing a cartoonish flavor, and the variety of things he’s able to say is limited by the selection of products that occasion his reviews. But at the same time, I do know things about him that I wouldn’t know otherwise, and I see him with a wider lens. Consider what these reviews really are. They are acts of communication that are conceived, composed, and transmitted in solitude; they are intended for people in the aggregate rather than for any particular person; they are composed without the expectation of a response; they are composed, I’ll bet, very rapidly and without any thought of revision. They are raw, unmediated glimpses, waxing and waning in intensity, unencumbered by the burden of consistency or the desire to present a coherent self to the world. I think of Werner Herzog’s Grizzly Man (average rating: 3.2 stars), which consists mostly of footage shot by the subject himself, alone or almost alone in the Alaskan wilderness. He believes he’s making a movie and he is deliberate in his address to this presumptive audience, but he can’t keep his larger purpose in mind. He’s turned inward, talking to himself, muttering, reacting to minute changes in his environment, repeating cherished beliefs. The sludge of the unconscious comes to the surface. So Amazon and Facebook and Twitter turn us all into grizzly men and women. I wonder if it was possible to see strangers in this way before the Internet existed. I wonder what it really means. We all have friends whose behavior on the Internet is odd, somehow not true to their real character, and we prefer to dismiss or ignore it. But the Internet is real, and the things people do on the Internet are real. When we see incongruities that make us cringe, we’re not seeing a wild distortion of our friend’s real self. We’re seeing another aspect of their complexity. This complexity is what I see when I read Gary W. Crane’s product reviews. It is the kind of complexity I probably wouldn’t see if I met him in the real world. And so it seems plausible to say that the Internet, at least now and then, makes it possible to see strangers in something like the way we see the people we actually know—people who are not only one thing to us, but a limitless multitude of things; who do not have a “personality” for us so much as a universe of complex tendencies; who do not always have motives, and who retain the ability to do something surprisingly terrible or surprisingly beautiful at any moment. Aaron Thier is the author of The Ghost Apple and Mr. Eternity. He is the recipient of a literature fellowship from the National Endowment for the Arts, a columnist for Lucky Peach, and a regular contributor to The Nation. He lives in western Massachusetts. SEE ALSO: Amazon Will Spend Billions to Kill Brands, Warns Leading Brand Expert Business & Technology Observer Delivered to Your Inbox Sign Up Submit Must Reads Observer Politics Entertainment Lifestyle Arts Health Contact About Newsletters Privacy Terms Powered by WordPress.com VIP We noticed you're using an ad blocker. We get it: you like to have control of your own internet experience. But advertising revenue helps support our journalism. To read our full stories, please turn off your ad blocker.  We'd really appreciate it. How Do I Whitelist Observer? How Do I Whitelist Observer? Below are steps you can take in order to whitelist Observer.com on your browser: For Adblock: Click the AdBlock button on your browser and select Don't run on pages on this domain. For Adblock Plus: Click the AdBlock Plus button on your browser and select Enabled on this site. Then Reload the Page
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. Education Week Teacher Digital Directions Market Brief TopSchoolJobs Shop Annual Reports Books Back Issues Edweek Spotlights Subscriptions Group Subscription Reprints Advertise Recruitment Advertising Display Advertising White Papers May 16, 2017 Login | Register | Subscribe Sign Up for FREE E-Newsletters Browse archived issues 05/10/2017 04/26/2017 04/19/2017 04/05/2017 03/29/2017 03/22/2017 03/08/2017 03/01/2017 02/22/2017 02/15/2017 02/08/2017 01/25/2017 01/18/2017 01/11/2017 01/04/2017 12/14/2016 11/30/2016 11/16/2016 11/09/2016 11/02/2016 10/26/2016 10/19/2016 10/12/2016 10/05/2016 09/28/2016 09/21/2016 09/14/2016 09/07/2016 08/31/2016 08/24/2016 More archived issues Current Issue Topics   Assessment and Testing Budget and Finance Bullying Charter Schools Common Standards Curriculum and Instruction E-Learning Early Childhood English-Language Learners Every Student Succeeds Act Federal Policy High Schools Law and Courts Leadership and Management Research Special Education State News by State Teaching Profession Technology Unions Vouchers See All Topics Blogs   Reports & Data   Leaders to Learn From Quality Counts Technology Counts Special Reporting Series Infographics State Highlights Reports EdCounts Database Education Week Research Center ERS Practical Tools for District Transformation Events   PD Toolkit Webinars Chats Leaders to Learn From Live Events Live Events Videos Opinion   Video Gallery   Jobs   Handful of Rich School-Choice Donors Spend Big in California By The Associated Press May 15, 2017 Printer-Friendly Email Article Reprints Comments Sacramento, Calif. Much of the funding for California's pro-school choice groups and candidates comes from a handful of very wealthy donors, including the founders of Netflix and The Gap and children of Wal-Mart creator Sam Walton. An Associated Press analysis of top donors to school-choice ballot measure campaigns around the country found 48 individuals and couples provided most of the reported contributions to those initiatives since 2000. Some of those top donors are major backers of pro-school choice candidates in California. In the past, California teachers unions have spent big to defeat high-profile school choice candidates. Last year, several state legislative candidates backed by school choice advocates beat union-backed candidates. Looking ahead to 2018, some of the most active school choice donors are already contributing to pro-charter candidates for governor and state schools chief. School Choice Billionaires at Odds: An Associated Press Analysis Voucher Proposals Expose Rift in School Choice Movement Key Findings on Political Spending by School-Choice Backers Bloomberg Leads Big New York Donors in School Choice Debate School-Choice Millions Pumps Into Pennsylvania Campaigns Handful of Rich School-Choice Donors Spend Big in California Tennessee Balks at School Vouchers Despite Trump Support Trump, DeVos Embolden Supporters of Utah School Vouchers The California Teachers Association and its allies defeated a 2000 ballot measure backed by venture capitalist and former state board of education member Timothy Draper to launch a school voucher program in California. Draper contributed $23 million to the effort—the most one person has ever contributed to a single school choice measure. But teachers unions spent even more in opposition. Draper said he became dissatisfied with the public school his kids attended, where he said school boards, teachers unions, and textbook makers were looking out for themselves rather than children. He put his kids in private school instead. "I realized that's not fair," Draper said in an interview. "I get to yank them out, and no one else does." Vouchers could allow other schools to break up the traditional public schools' "monopoly," he said. Since 2000, Draper has not been a major player in school-choice politics—partly because of the high cost of his ballot-box failure. Three years ago, Draper put his own money into an unrelated measure to divide California into six separate states. That one didn't make the ballot. Although his vouchers initiative failed, Draper says his efforts helped pave the way for the charters in California. Charter schools are publicly funded but typically run independently of the traditional public school system. Studies on how effective they are compared with traditional public schools have found mixed results. Since the failed ballot measure campaign, other wealthy California families and individuals have spent millions to support groups that contribute to pro-school choice candidates in state races. Netflix founder Reed Hastings has donated more than $5.8 million to a California Charter Schools Association political committee during the past two election cycles. Donald and Doris Fisher, the founders of clothing retailer The Gap, have donated more than $6 million to groups like California Charter Schools Association Advocates and EdVoice, an advocacy group that supports charter schools. Donald Fisher died in 2009. Eli Broad, founder of SunAmerica and KB Home, also has donated millions to those groups. Hastings, Broad, and Doris Fisher all live in California. Jim Carr Walton and Alice Walton, children of the Wal-Mart founder, have contributed millions to California organizations that advocate for school choice. The siblings, who are based in Arkansas and Texas, respectively, each gave $1.4 million to EdVoice last election cycle. Former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg has contributed at least $2 million to pro-school choice groups and candidates in California since 2013. Most of that money has gone to California Charter Schools Association committees. Pro-charter school groups and their allies spent millions on the 2014 campaign to elect Marshall Tuck, a former Los Angeles schools executive who advocated education reform, to head the state's public schools. Tuck lost to California Teachers Association-backed Tom Torlakson. Related Blog Visit this blog. Pro-school choice groups EdVoice and the California Charter Schools Association Advocates spent more than $3.4 million on the Democrat-on-Democrat race in California's 14th Assembly District in the San Francisco Bay Area to support Tim Grayson and oppose Mae Torlakson. The CTA backed Mae Torlakson, Tom Torlakson's wife, spending nearly $1 million in the race. Grayson won. EdVoice also outspent the California Federation of Teachers backing Bill Dodd over Mariko Yamada in California's 3rd Senate District north of San Francisco. Dodd prevailed in the Democrat-on-Democrat race. Former Los Angeles Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa, an advocate for charter schools, has already started to see money from prominent school choice donors pour into his 2018 campaign for governor. Hastings has donated $36,400. Broad, who contributed to three of Villaraigosa's past mayoral campaigns, has contributed $112,400 to the 2018 gubernatorial bid along with his wife, Edythe Broad. They've also contributed $29,200 to Tuck's campaign to run again for public schools chief in 2018. Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Web Only Related Stories “Teachers' Unions Spend Big, Reap Little in Elections,” November 16, 2016. “The Evolution of the 'Chartered School',” June 3, 2016. "From Walton to Zuckerberg: How Education Philanthropy Has Changed," (Charters & Choice) January 15, 2016. You must be logged in to leave a comment. Login |  Register Ground Rules for Posting We encourage lively debate, but please be respectful of others. Profanity and personal attacks are prohibited. By commenting, you are agreeing to abide by our user agreement. All comments are public. Back to Top Get more stories and free e-newsletters! Email Password Select your primary connection to education District Superintendent, Deputy/Asst. Superintendent District Leadership - Technology District Leadership - Curriculum, Instruction, Assessment, PD District Leadership - Business, Communications, HR District Personnel - Other (Admin., Specialist, etc.) School-based Leadership (Principal, Asst. Principal) Teacher - Early Childhood/Elementary Teacher - Middle School Teacher - High School School-based Technology Coordinator School-based Personnel - Other (Admin., Specialist, etc.) Library Personnel/Media Specialist University or College Faculty/Administration Federal Government Personnel State Government Personnel Education Product/Service Provider (including Consultants) Investment Community Association/Advocacy Organization Philanthropy Education Research/Analysis Media Education Services Agency School Board Member Student Parent/Community Member Send me Edweek Update e-newsletter (Daily) By clicking "Register" you are agreeing to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Most Popular Stories Viewed Emailed Commented Sponsored Whitepapers • Multimetric Accountability and the Whole Child • Phonics Instruction & Laying a Foundation for Reading • How the Right Technology Keeps K12 Students Engaged • Feedback That Matters • Leveraging Digital Content to Differentiate Learning • 6 Ways to Cultivate Growth Mindset • Empowering Teacher Effectiveness: 4 Key Factors • Long-Term Studies & Examples to Bolster Your Case for Pre-K • Communications Planning for Innovation in Education • Formative Assessment Put into Practice • Meeting the Needs of English Language Learners • How to Ensure Every Student Reads for Depth • Improving School Leadership Under ESSA Spanish Immersion - Elementary Fox Chapel Area School District, Fox Chapel, PA Director of Special Education Clover Park School District, Lakewood, WA Director of Technology & Innovation Nyack Public Schools, Nyack, NY Specialist - State & District Assessment Jeffco Public Schools, Golden, CO Clinical Director Andover Public Schools, Andover, MA MORE EDUCATION JOBS >> Post a Job >> Account Management •Register or Subscribe •Online Account •Print Subscription •Manage E-Newsletters/ Preferences •Group Subscription Contact Us •Help/FAQ •Customer Service •Editor Feedback •Letters to the Editor Policies •User Agreement •Privacy •Reprints Advertise with Us •Display Advertising •Recruitment Advertising EPE Info •About Us •Staff •Work@EPE •Mission and History Education Week Publications •Education Week •Teacher •Digital Directions •Market Brief •TopSchoolJobs © 2017 Editorial Projects in Education 6935 Arlington Road, Bethesda MD 20814 1-800-346-1834 (Main Office) 1-800-445-8250 (Customer Service) [MESSAGE] UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsSiteLicense: false UserType: anonymous DisplayName: TrialsLeft: 0 Trials: http://www.edweek.org/ew/articles/2017/05/13/handful-of-rich-school-choice-donors-spend_ap.html Tier Preview Log: Exception pages ( /ew/articles/2017/05/13/handful-of-rich-school-choice-donors-spend_ap.html ) = NO Internal request ( 174.138.73.109 ) = NO Open House ( 2017-05-16 03:46:00 ) = NO Personal SL : ( EMPTY ) = NO Site Licence : ( 174.138.73.109 ) = NO ACL Free A vs U ( 2100 vs 0 ) = NO Token Free (NO TOKEN FOUND) = NO Blog authoring preview = NO Search Robot ( Chrome ) = NO Purchased ( 0 ) = NO Monthly ( 54c24d70-655c-9d94-80f2-b5b1b4c9e416 : 0 / 1 ) = NO Can add to monthly ( /ew/articles/2017/05/13/handful-of-rich-school-choice-donors-spend_ap.html ) = YES Add to monthly ( 54c24d70-655c-9d94-80f2-b5b1b4c9e416 ) = YES Access granted ( 7 ) = YES
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino (Español) Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Retirement Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Credit Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Workers say Wal-Mart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women Reuters By Daniel Wiessner 14 hrs ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL United changing cockpit door codes after inadvertent leak Lowe's is giving its workers exoskeletons to help lift heavy objects © REUTERS/Daniel Becerril/File Photo A logo of Walmart is seen in one of the stores in Monterrey Two former Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) employees have filed a lawsuit accusing the retailer of treating thousands of pregnant workers as “second-class citizens” by rejecting their requests to limit heavy lifting, climbing on ladders and other potentially dangerous tasks. Quotes in the article Wal-Mart Stores Inc WMT ▲ 76.29 +0.58 +0.77% The proposed class action lawsuit was filed in federal court in Illinois on Friday by Talisa Borders and Otisha Woolbright, who say that until 2014, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart had a company-wide policy that denied pregnant women the same accommodations as workers with other disabilities. The class could include at least 20,000 women and possibly up to 50,000 who worked at Wal-Mart while pregnant before the policy change, according to the lawsuit. A Wal-Mart spokesman on Monday said the company had not seen the lawsuit and did not have any comment. Borders and Woolbright say that Wal-Mart's old policy violated a federal law requiring employers to treat pregnancy as a temporary disability and provide work accommodations to pregnant women. The U.S. Supreme Court, in a 2015 case involving United Parcel Service, said employers cannot treat pregnant workers differently from those with other disabilities or medical conditions. Wal-Mart, the largest private U.S. employer, changed its policy in 2014 to treat pregnancy as a disability. But lawyers for the plaintiffs in the lawsuit say the changes did not go far enough, and they were planning a separate lawsuit involving the new policy. Woolbright says her manager at a Florida Wal-Mart told her pregnancy was “no excuse” for not doing heavy lifting. She says she was fired from her job in the deli department after injuring herself lifting trays that weighed up to 50 pounds and inquiring further about the company’s pregnancy policies. Borders, who worked at an Illinois Wal-Mart, says she was reprimanded for asking coworkers to climb ladders and lift heavy boxes while she was pregnant, and forced to go on unpaid leave. When she returned, she says, she was paid $2.00 less per hour. The case is Borders v. Wal-Mart Stores Inc, U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Illinois, No. 3:17-cv-00506. (Reporting by Daniel Wiessner in Albany, New York, Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi and Dan Grebler) Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices More From Reuters China, India dominate coal ownership as some shun climate risks - report Reuters Time away has been key for Federer, Nadal, says Corretja Reuters China seen sacrificing some growth to reduce debt risks Reuters Reuters View the full site Microsoft Store Offers - Sponsored Users rave about this lightweight PC, $249 Developers! Pre-order Mixed Reality Headset This airport-friendly bag is perfect for travel This Dell hits all the right angles (save $250) Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Precipitation Data Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Arrest Records Video Judge compares Trump travel ban to Japanese American internment Fired assistant coach says Academy of Art covered up sex Mike McCone, former head of California Historical Society, dies 2 injured in shooting on I-880 off-ramp in Hayward News Education Nation World Politics Sponsored: Clean Energy CA AP Exclusive: Chinese spent $24B on US, other 'golden visas' Chinese stocks fall on weak data; other Asian markets rise 'This is a democracy': Int'l court may be next for Duterte Wisconsin Elections Commission staffing levels up for vote Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Quakes Golf Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Outdoors Giants welcome Dodgers, then bury them Curt Young gives bullpen a pep talk; Madson changes slide step Strange night for Sean Manaea in A’s loss; Khris Davis, Vogt Warriors’ Andre Iguodala questionable for Game 2 Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Business News Roundup: Cybersecurity, cap and trade, beer bonanza How to protect yourself from ransomware and more new hack attacks Judge bars Uber star engineer from key self-driving tech work California bar exam pass rate continues to slump A&E The Daily Dish Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Cannabis Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Things To Do ‘Home’ the sort of play theater is homesick for The latest from Dear Abby Page and stage natural bedfellows in ‘Smut’ The Lorraine Hansberry produces ‘Home,’ finds one Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog China Live brings a modern sensibility to Chinatown 20 Bargain restaurants in the Top 100 No Blue Bottle for Lower Haight following neighborhood opposition Changes in store as Cease & Desist falls under new ownership Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust Cannabis LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Free stuff you'd only find on Bay Area Craigslist NorCal couple weds on Mount Everest and the photos are 10 best spots for trailer & yurt camping Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Five ways to enjoy Filoli Westin Nanea Ocean Villas offer memories of Hawaii’s royal past New and renovated SF hotels ready for summer season Hangzhou: Dynamic city steeped in ancient mystique Real Estate The Walk-Through New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Tech mogul’s over-the-top $8.95-million Silicon Valley ‘Storybook’ four-bedroom Tudor in historic Hot Property: Custom-built Glen Park home features amazing views Epic $8.4-million Santa Cruz cliff house has floating glass Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car 1977 MGB Roadster made to travel Highway 1 Flagship model serves up elite international Grand Touring Coupes Carpooling mom rediscovers speed in Honda S2000 Subaru makes an even sleeker Outback Jobs Job Events Hearst, SFGATE Jobs Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Multiple careers, one resume? Follow quick tips for making your first job successful Battling depression during your job search Busting through job search fears Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/tv/article/Tracy-Morgan-Staying-Alive-and-back-in-full-11147272.php Tracy Morgan ‘Staying Alive’ and back in full comic force By David Wiegand Published 11:46 am, Monday, May 15, 2017 Tracy Morgan didn’t name his terrific new Netflix comedy special “Staying Alive” just so he could replicate John Travolta’s cocky stroll through New York while the Bee Gees set his pace with the song of the same name played in the background. He really is staying alive, and his comedy is better than ever. The special is available for streaming Tuesday, May 16, on Netflix. As everyone knows, Morgan isn’t just lucky to be alive, he had to struggle to find his way back to health after a 2014 accident in which his Mercedes-Benz minibus was involved in a horrific collision caused by a Walmart truck on the New Jersey Turnpike that killed his friend, fellow comic James McNair. Filmed at the Count Basie Theater in Red Bank, N.J., the new standup special finds Morgan at the top of his game, riffing hilariously about his accident, about his family, his career and a hundred other topics, including such surefire comedy topics as life after death. He even takes a few swipes at Walmart, saying that after the accident, “everything went up a penny” in Walmart stores. Latest entertainment videos Dressed in a Tony Manero white suit, which gives him license to strike a hilarious disco pose at the head of his show, Morgan strolls back and forth on the stage, pausing from time to time to settle into an easy chair to deliver parts of his comedy. We know Morgan well through his character on “30 Rock,” but stand-up is a reminder of just how great his comedy chops really are. He is in command every minute he’s onstage, exhibiting flawless comic timing in a routine that is liberally peppered with four-letter words, but big on both humor and, yes, heart. Tracy Morgan: Staying Alive: Stand-up special, available on Netflix on Tuesday, May 16 Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS Giants welcome Dodgers, then bury them Project to deter, identify highway shooters may start in summer Teen dies after drinking large diet soda, latte, energy drink East Bay student leaving prom killed when mother crashes First some sprinkles, then Bay Area temperatures to soar Could Tesla's business model be in trouble? Fired coach says Academy of Art covered up sex harassment Hackers are reportedly holding a Disney film for ransom Trump reportedly gave highly classified information to Russia White House officials deny Trump revealed classified info Analysis: Trump shows extreme hubris in sharing with Russia Ryan might regret having said this about Hillary Clinton Steph Curry's East Bay estate is back on the market Millionaire: Avocado habits are why Millennials can't buy homes Pachulia responds to Popovich: 'I’m not a dirty player' Spurs’ Leonard out; Popovich rails against Zaza's foul Suspense continues as SF affordable housing plans delayed High-profile Marin lawyer in neighborhood feud with nuns TODAY'S TOP PICKS Bauer: 20 bargain restaurants in the Top 100 This abandoned Disney water park has been rotting for 15 years We looked at Craigslist for a month, here's the weirdest stuff Most Popular 1 Teen dies after drinking large diet soda, latte, energy drink,... 2 Steph Curry's East Bay estate is back on the market with lower... 3 Millionaire tells millennials their avocado habit is... 4 Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian... 5 Scientists identify 50-foot creature that washed up on an... 6 Ryan might regret having said this about Hillary Clinton 7 East Bay student killed on the way home from senior prom 8 Tesla's business model could be in trouble (TSLA) 9 Trump reportedly considering replacing Spicer with Bay Area's... 10 Fired assistant coach says Academy of Art covered up sex... LATEST NEWS Giants welcome Dodgers, then bury them Project to deter, identify highway shooters may start in summer Teen dies after drinking large diet soda, latte, energy drink East Bay student leaving prom killed when mother crashes First some sprinkles, then Bay Area temperatures to soar Could Tesla's business model be in trouble? Fired coach says Academy of Art covered up sex harassment Hackers are reportedly holding a Disney film for ransom Celebrities' Mother's Day 2017 tributes View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Try Yahoo Finance on Firefox » Yahoo Search Search Sign in Finance Home Originals Events Personal Finance Technology Markets Industries My Screeners My Portfolio U.S. Markets open in 6 hrs 30 mins S&P 500 2,402.32 +11.42 (+0.48%) Dow 30 20,981.94 +85.33 (+0.41%) Nasdaq 6,149.67 +28.44 (+0.46%) Workers say Wal-Mart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women By Daniel Wiessner Reuters May 15, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A logo of Walmart is seen in one of the stores in Monterrey, Mexico November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Daniel Becerril/File PhotoMore By Daniel Wiessner (Reuters) - Two former Wal-Mart Stores Inc employees have filed a lawsuit accusing the retailer of treating thousands of pregnant workers as “second-class citizens” by rejecting their requests to limit heavy lifting, climbing on ladders and other potentially dangerous tasks. The proposed class action lawsuit was filed in federal court in Illinois on Friday by Talisa Borders and Otisha Woolbright, who say that until 2014, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart had a company-wide policy that denied pregnant women the same accommodations as workers with other disabilities. The class could include at least 20,000 women and possibly up to 50,000 who worked at Wal-Mart while pregnant before the policy change, according to the lawsuit. The company in a statement provided by spokesman Randy Hargrove denied the women's claims and said Wal-Mart's pregnancy policies "have always fully met or exceeded both state and federal law." The company said a separate anti-discrimination policy it maintains has long listed pregnancy as a protected status. "Walmart is a great place for women to work," the company said. Borders and Woolbright say that Wal-Mart's old policy violated a federal law requiring employers to treat pregnancy as a temporary disability and provide work accommodations to pregnant women. The U.S. Supreme Court, in a 2015 case involving United Parcel Service, said employers cannot treat pregnant workers differently from those with other disabilities or medical conditions. Wal-Mart, the largest private U.S. employer, changed its policy in 2014 to treat pregnancy as a disability. But lawyers for the plaintiffs in the lawsuit say the changes did not go far enough, and they were planning a separate lawsuit involving the new policy. Woolbright says her manager at a Florida Wal-Mart told her pregnancy was “no excuse” for not doing heavy lifting. She says she was fired from her job in the deli department after injuring herself lifting trays that weighed up to 50 pounds and inquiring further about the company’s pregnancy policies. Borders, who worked at an Illinois Wal-Mart, says she was reprimanded for asking coworkers to climb ladders and lift heavy boxes while she was pregnant, and forced to go on unpaid leave. When she returned, she says, she was paid $2.00 less per hour. The case is Borders v. Wal-Mart Stores Inc, U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Illinois, No. 3:17-cv-00506. (Reporting by Daniel Wiessner in Albany, New York, Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi, Dan Grebler and Jonathan Oatis) Reblog Share Tweet Share Recently Viewed Your list is empty. What to Read Next Kevin Hart and Wife Eniko Parrish Announce They're Expecting Their First Child Together Entertainment Tonight How Procter & Gamble Co. Makes Most of Its Money -- The Motley Fool The Motley Fool Amazon Is Now Worth Twice as Much as Walmart Money Home Depot, Walmart — What to watch in the markets this week Yahoo Finance Buying Groceries At Aldi Is Officially Cheaper Than Walmart Delish Bill Gates reveals what he'd study if he were a college freshman today Business Insider Here's how rich you'd be if you invested $1,000 in Amazon when it first went public Business Insider Sears tanks after CEO eviscerates top tool vendor he says is trying to cancel its contract Business Insider Trump revealed intelligence secrets to Russians in Oval Office: officials Reuters What to Watch in the Markets Tuesday, April 16 Yahoo Finance Video We could see flying cars at the 2020 Olympics Yahoo Finance A group of architects submitted this proposal for Trump's border wall that's a one-way sheet of plexiglass Business Insider YouTubers are drilling holes in iPhones to turn them into $5 fidget spinners Business Insider White House officials were reportedly 'hiding in offices' after Trump's latest flub Business Insider Wrongfully Imprisoned for 39 Years! The Doctors TV TechCrunch Disrupt Live: Taking Stock Yahoo Finance Video Capitol Hill reacts to report that Trump shared classified intelligence Ghetto Blaster: Do all the people that thought Hillary should hang for treason because she had some classified intelligence on her private server now believe that Trump should hang for treason for revealing classified info to the Russians? Just curious.... Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2776 comments Featured Guns U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 New 1911 Pistols For 2017 6:01 PM 04/28/2017 Gun Test: SIG Sauer P225-A1 5:58 PM 04/27/2017 Gun Test: Smith & Wesson M&P45 Shield 5:34 PM 04/21/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
The Colorado Springs GazetteThe Gazette is Colorado Springs's most trusted source for breaking news, sports, weather, obituaries, politics, business, art, entertainment, blogs, video, photos. Save this content for laterSave this content on your device for later, even while offline Sign in with GoogleSign in with your Google account Sign in with FacebookSign in with your Facebook account Close Search Fewer ads, faster browsing SUBSCRIBE TODAY! Subscribe Login Tue, May 16, 2017 News Sports Business Politics Opinion Life A&E Obits Shopping About Photo/Video Popular Top Local News U.S. & World Crime & Justice Weather Graduations Closings & Delays Military Education Colorado Politics Special Interest Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic The Cheyenne Edition The Woodmen Edition Submit a news tip Longtime wildlife rehabilitation center in Ellicott closing Home, hope and heart: The antidote for siblings victimized by brutality and neglect Archives Subscriber Benefits Search Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Employment Opportunities Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Report an Issue Subscriber Services Account Center Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Top Sports Stories Gazette Preps Peak Performers Paul Klee Woody Paige David Ramsey Air Force Academy Broncos Colorado College Baseball Olympics Switchbacks FC Brent Briggeman's Blog Scott Kaniewski's Blog Paul Klee's Blog Joe Paisley's Blog David Ramsey's Blog Matt Wiley's Blog Paul Klee: Add 'triskaidekaphobia' to list of Denver Nuggets issues in NBA draft lottery Popular Top Business Stories Economic Indicators Movers & Shakers Get a Job Monday Ted Rayburn Resources Leading Lawyers Leading Medical Professionals Retired AutoNation executive buys 4 Colorado Springs auto dealerships Rise LMS hopes to harness Colorado Springs' innovation for its software Popular Top Life Stories Out There Travel Home & Garden Food Health Faith & Values Parenting Around Town My Colorado Pets Advertising Special Sections OutThereColorado.com Nonprofit News Think Pink Celebrate Pulse Heart Health Month Stroke Awareness Month Business Spotlight 'How does this even exist?': A hidden Colorado gem with limited exploring At a small, historic Colorado Springs church, a light still shines Popular GO! Top Entertainment ColoradoSprings.com Best of the Springs Dining & Drink Restaurant Reviews Discover Guide Cinema Guide Pop Culture Beer Map Fun Comics/Puzzles Horoscopes Celebs TV Katy Perry announces new album, Denver concert Review: Barenaked Ladies bring Pikes Peak Center crowd to its feet Popular Top Editorials Guest Editorial Letters to the Editor Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Blogs Popular Top Politics Election Local/County State Colorado Politics Photos Top Images The Latest Best of Local Best of Sports Videos Top Videos Best of Local Best of Sports Best of Life Best of Military Features Government Videos A&E Videos Blogs Business Spotlight Eric Singer Pikes Peak region forecast Hundreds of Fort Carson soldiers heading to Europe from Colorado Springs Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Deals Circulars Jobs Deal of the Day Real Estate Garage Sales Shop for Cars Legal Notices Classifieds Merchandise Dogs Rentals Service Directory Springs Coupons Various/Misc. Post an ad Shop Local Businesses Shop Local Toggle navigation Home Account Login Register Search Google Survey FAQ Contact Us Contact Contact Us Become a Carrier Carrier Portal Employment Opportunities Report an Issue Mobile Apps Archives Subscriber Benefits News Local News Local News Top Local headlines Crime & Justice Government Elections Military Education Fire & Environment Marijuana Traffic Closings & Delays Submit a News Tip U.S. & World U.S. & World Sports Sports Top Sports Headlines David Ramsey Paul Klee Broncos Peyton Manning Nuggets Avs Rockies Sky Sox Switchbacks FC Air Force Academy Colorado College Olympics Preps OutThere Colorado Business Business Top Business Headlines Local Stocks Wall Street Journal Economic Indicators Opinion Opinion Top Editorial Guest Editorial Submit a Letter Contact Elected Officials Politics Life Life Top Life Headlines OutThere Colorado Travel Home & Garden Dining & Drink Beer Map Food Health Faith & Values Parenting My Colorado Around Town Pets A&E A&E Top A&E Headlines Entertainment Best of the Springs Discover Guide ColoradoSprings.com Cinema Guide Celebrity News T.V. Comics & Puzzles Horoscopes Colorado Politics Video & Photo Top Videos Videos News Videos Sports Videos Life Videos Military Videos Government Videos A&E Videos Eric Singer Top Photos Photos View Photos Buy Photos Most Recent Videos Obits Latest Obituaries Death Notices Place an obituary Place a death notice Coupons and Deals Deal of the Day Circulars Springs Coupons Marketplace Jobs Homes Cars Classifieds Classifieds Garage Sales Legal Notices Merchandise Real Estate Rentals Service Directory Various/Misc. Post an ad Colorado Springs News, Sports & Business | Colorado Springs Gazette, News 2017 Graduation View galleries for local high schools and colleges News: Local News Like their fathers and grandfathers, Fort Carson troops head for training in Germany Mon, May 15, 2017 - 8:25 PM 0 For Lt. Col. Bo Dennis, boarding a plane to Germany for Army training meant following in his father's footsteps Monday. Dennis' battalion sent more than... Gov. John Hickenlooper signs bill in Colorado Springs to expunge some juvenile criminal records Mon, May 15, 2017 - 6:18 PM In signing a bill that makes it easier for juveniles with certain low-level offenses to expunge their records, Colorado Gov. John Hickenlooper chose to complete the task... Hickenlooper not ready to decide whether to call special session Trump revealed highly classified information to Russian foreign minister and ambassador Mon, May 15, 2017 - 5:31 PM 0 President Trump revealed highly classified information to the Russian foreign minister and ambassador in a White House meeting last week, according to... Longtime wildlife rehabilitation center in Ellicott closing Mon, May 15, 2017 - 9:36 PM 0 Not until late April did Donna Ralph realize that the Ellicott Wildlife Rehabilitation Center... Suspect in mother-son killings in Colorado Springs arrested by Utah Highway Patrol Mon, May 15, 2017 - 8:59 PM Christopher Pepper was headed to his bedroom with an ice cream cone for his girlfriend when he... Latest Local Fifth Fremont County sheriff's deputy placed on leave By: Tracy Harmon, The Pueblo Chieftain - 2 hr ago Argument might have caused El Paso County rollover that killed a woman, 20 By: Ellie Mulder - 2 hr ago Boy, 6, injured by hit-and-run driver in Colorado Springs By: Ellie Mulder - 3 hr ago Lawsuit filed in wake of Firestone explosion seeks damages from producers, as well as developers and builders By: Christopher N. Osher, The Denver Post - 5 hr ago Colorado Springs school volunteer sentenced for sexually assaulting teen By: Chhun Sun - 7 hr ago Rabid skunks in Colorado and El Paso County prompt officials to advise animal vaccinations By: Jakob Rodgers - 9 hr ago El Paso County Sheriff's Office: Three arrested in 'sophisticated' counterfeit money and ID theft ring By: Kaitlin Durbin - 9 hr ago Top Stories Retired AutoNation executive buys 4 Colorado Springs auto dealerships By: Wayne Heilman - 4 hr ago Paul Klee: Add 'triskaidekaphobia' to list of Denver Nuggets issues in NBA draft lottery By: Paul Klee - 5 hr ago North Korea: New long-range missile can carry heavy nuke By: The Associated Press 6 hr ago Huge cyberattack ebbs as investigators work to find culprits By: The Associated Press 6 hr ago LETTERS: Destruction of a beautiful place in Colorado Springs; send Rockies announcers back to school By: Gazette readers - 6 hr ago Pay for CEOs of Colorado Springs companies nearly doubles in 2016 By: Wayne Heilman - 7 hr ago Federal judges ask if travel ban is biased against Muslims By: GENE JOHNSON, Associated Press - 7 hr ago <p>Your browser does not support IFrame Embeds, please update your browser to view this gallery</p> Photo Galleries New AFA Commandant of Cadets Peak Performers 2016-17 Antique Machinery Days Spartan Race at Fort Carson Owl Family Nests At Lowe's Fostering Love Barenaked Ladies Nine straight titles for Cheyenne Mountain 4A State Tennis Finals 2017 Pikes Peak Community College Graduation 4A Girls' State Tennis 2017 UCCS Graduation 7 Colorado destinations meant to be photographed Head Start Ballet Boys Lacrosse Lewis-Palmer v. Chaparral Manitou Springs Historic Trees Come Down 8 Colorado destinations with an odd twist A Look Back Capt. Roger D. Helwig Memorial Girls Golf: 2017 4A Regional American Health Care Act protest at Colorado Springs City Hall Devil's Head Fire Tower 1st Kentucky Derby Party at Axe and the Oak. Doherty Spartan Invitational 34th Annual Fiesta and Car Show Girls Tennis: 2017 3A Regional Tournament Colorado Springs Switchbacks v. Tulsa Roughnecks Air Academy 7, Lewis-Palmer 3 Introducing ColoradoPolitics.com, driving the state's political conversation every day Latest Local 2 hr ago Fifth Fremont County sheriff's deputy placed on leave 2 hr ago Argument might have caused El Paso County rollover that killed a woman, 20 3 hr ago Boy, 6, injured by hit-and-run driver in Colorado Springs 5 hr ago Lawsuit filed in wake of Firestone explosion seeks damages from producers, as well as developers and builders 7 hr ago Colorado Springs school volunteer sentenced for sexually assaulting teen 9 hr ago Rabid skunks in Colorado and El Paso County prompt officials to advise animal vaccinations 9 hr ago El Paso County Sheriff's Office: Three arrested in 'sophisticated' counterfeit money and ID theft ring Most Read Air Force Academy cadet had more than 500 jumps before fatal skydiving accident east of Colorado Springs 19-year-old arrested in killing of Colorado Springs woman, adult son who took him into their home ‘Rare as winning the lottery’: New dinosaur fossil so well-preserved it looks like a statue Lebanese banker buying Colorado Springs bank as launching point for U.S. expansion Woody Paige: John Elway tries to find quarterback to get Broncos back to Super Bowl Colorado teacher found dead day after she was accused of having “inappropriate” relationship with student Scientists have identified the 50-foot creature that washed up on an Indonesian beach Air Force Academy cadet dies in skydiving accident Manitou Springs protesters try to save iconic trees Colorado Springs has new ramen restaurant serving Asian comfort food Sports 3 hr ago Two Colorado Springs Sky Sox have 2 RBIs, but not enough in loss at El Paso 3 hr ago Unexpected goalkeeper play boosts Lewis-Palmer in defense of 4A girls' soccer crown 5 hr ago Gazette Preps Peak Performer of the Week: Claire Dibble, Cheyenne Mountain tennis 5 hr ago Paul Klee: Add 'triskaidekaphobia' to list of Denver Nuggets issues in NBA draft lottery 6 hr ago Mark Reynolds carries on torrid start for NL West-leading Colorado Rockies 8 hr ago State track and field qualifiers 8 hr ago St. Mary's tabs Jim Masterson new boys' basketball coach Business 7 min ago Chinese stocks fall on weak data; other Asian markets rise 1 hr ago Fidget spinners, the hit toy that spun out of nowhere 1 hr ago AP Explains: What is bitcoin? A look at the digital currency 2 hr ago Asian stocks mixed after Wall Street rise 2 hr ago Report: Ford plans job cuts to boost profits 3 hr ago Learjet crashes short of runway, killing 2 crew members 3 hr ago The Latest: Surveillance video shows moment of impact Opinion 6 hr ago LETTERS: Destruction of a beautiful place in Colorado Springs; send Rockies announcers back to school Mon, May 15, 2017 EDITORIAL: Gazette's Best and Brightest represent an amazing future Mon, May 15, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Providing the love that a child needs Sun, May 14, 2017 EDITORIAL: Mothers, our economy's future Sun, May 14, 2017 Point/Counterpoint: After the Firestone explosion, should oil and gas companies face tighter safety restrictions? Sun, May 14, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Governor should step in to improve air quality Sat, May 13, 2017 Editorial: Mayor Suthers would be good choice for FBI Around the Web 3 hr ago British WWII veteran, 101, breaks skydiving record 3 hr ago Deliveryman takes pizza to riders on stalled Amtrak train 3 hr ago A congressman said making a man get maternity insurance was ‘crazy.’ A woman’s reply went viral. 4 hr ago Man holding human head stabs store clerk in Oregon; mother found dead 7 hr ago Paul Ryan tweet on classified info resurfaces after bombshell Trump report 8 hr ago Boycott hits ABC over canceling Tim Allen hit 'Last Man Standing' 8 hr ago Rubber match: Cavaliers to wear Goodyear logo on jerseys Latest Videos Pikes Peak region forecast Hundreds of Fort Carson soldiers heading to Europe from Colorado Springs Macron Goes Right with Prime Minister Pick Nicol Pei, 3A girls tennis semifinals Fountain Valley defeats Evangelical Christian Academy Cory Patton, Cheyenne Mountain Who let the Owls out in Colorado Springs Get a Job Monday: Front Range Staffing helps you juggle your career life Fostering Hope for Colorado Springs foster families and children Illegal marijuana bust near a school in Monument Pikes Peak region forecast Pikes Peak region forecast Sports Latest Sports Two Colorado Springs Sky Sox have 2 RBIs, but not enough in loss at El Paso2 hr ago Unexpected goalkeeper play boosts Lewis-Palmer in defense of 4A girls' soccer crown3 hr ago Gazette Preps Peak Performer of the Week: Claire Dibble, Cheyenne Mountain tennis5 hr ago Paul Klee: Add 'triskaidekaphobia' to list of Denver Nuggets issues in NBA draft lottery5 hr ago Broncos Broncos’ opener to feature first woman NFL play-by-play announcer in 30 years15 hr ago Woody Paige: Broncos late-round pick may pay dividends with TE Jake ButtSun, May 14, 2017 Paul Klee: Curses! Tom Brady on 'Madden' cover gives hope to Broncos and rest of NFLSat, May 13, 2017 Broncos sign top draft pick Garett BollesThu, May 11, 2017 Photo Galleries Peak Performers 2016-17 Nine straight titles for Cheyenne Mountain 4A State Tennis Finals 4A Girls' State Tennis Boys Lacrosse Lewis-Palmer v. Chaparral Girls Golf: 2017 4A Regional Doherty Spartan Invitational Girls Tennis: 2017 3A Regional Tournament Colorado Springs Switchbacks v. Tulsa Roughnecks Air Academy 7, Lewis-Palmer 3 Mesa Ridge vs. Cañon City baseball Air Force football visits the White House for presentation of the Commander-in-Chief trophy EP County Track and Field 2017 Cougar Track and Field Invite Baseball: Air Academy 11, Cheyenne Mountain 3 Opinion Gazette Editorials EDITORIAL: Gazette's Best and Brightest represent an amazing futureMon, May 15, 2017 EDITORIAL: Mothers, our economy's futureSun, May 14, 2017 Editorial: Mayor Suthers would be good choice for FBISat, May 13, 2017 Comey firing looks like first travel banFri, May 12, 2017 Letters to the Editor LETTERS: Destruction of a beautiful place in Colorado Springs; send Rockies announcers back to school6 hr ago LETTERS: Don't make downtown Beale Street; stop the false speculationsFri, May 12, 2017 LETTERS: Time for a new game on health care?; 'Father knows best' kind of cityThu, May 11, 2017 LETTERS: A friend of historical facts; asking questions about the pillWed, May 10, 2017 Columns GUEST COLUMN: Providing the love that a child needsMon, May 15, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Governor should step in to improve air qualitySun, May 14, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: Don't let outsiders compromise Colorado's economySat, May 13, 2017 GUEST COLUMN: What you should know about dark money, nasty postcardsThu, May 11, 2017 Local News Local News Fifth Fremont County sheriff's deputy placed on leave2 hr ago Argument might have caused El Paso County rollover that killed a woman, 202 hr ago Boy, 6, injured by hit-and-run driver in Colorado Springs3 hr ago Home, hope and heart: The antidote for siblings victimized by brutality and neglect3 hr ago Local and State Politics Top 10 things to know about your 2017 Colorado General Assembly17 hr ago Public Lands Day in Colorado Saturday is a chance for both sides of the debate to give it some thought15 hr ago Republicans in Colorado Senate willing to negotiate at critical juncturesSun, May 14, 2017 Insights: House GOP leader Neville pivots from expectations to be a principled dealmakerSun, May 14, 2017 Local Business Great horned owl family takes up residence at Colorado Springs Lowe's9 hr ago Energy developer proposes powering El Paso County jail with forest wastesSun, May 14, 2017 Study: Pay gap between men and women in Colorado Springs among nation's largestFri, May 12, 2017 Lebanese banker buying Colorado Springs bank as launching point for U.S. expansionFri, May 12, 2017 More Top Reads Nation and World Chinese stocks fall on weak data; other Asian markets rise6 min ago 'This is a democracy': Int'l court may be next for Duterte19 min ago Canadian woman's cutout of Spicer in bush gets attention1 hr ago 2 young men killed as chaos erupts in western Venezuela1 hr ago Military The Latest: Cyberattack hits schools, hospital in Taiwan3 hr ago Huge cyberattack ebbs as investigators work to find culprits6 hr ago Cannon officer receives Distinguished Flying Cross8 hr ago White House: Cyberattack has not affected US government10 hr ago Blogs TV Talk - NBC and Fox promote their new fall series at Broadcast TV Upfronts6 hr ago Program to cover everything there is to know about joining a sorority9 hr ago What to watch on TV for the week of May 14-May 20: Pageants, talking dogs, Ponzi schemes and much moreSun, May 14, 2017 TV review: 'Downward Dog' will resonate with anyone who loves caninesSun, May 14, 2017 Crime and Justice Local Crime El Paso County Sheriff's Office: Three arrested in 'sophisticated' counterfeit money and ID theft ring9 hr ago 19-year-old arrested in killing of Colorado Springs woman, adult son who took him into their home14 hr ago Man found shot to death at east Colorado Springs townhome16 hr ago Mugshot Monday: Most wanted in Colorado Springs area18 hr ago National Crime Man holding human head stabs store clerk in Oregon; mother found dead4 hr ago Police: Mom hits 6-year-old son who didn’t give her Mother’s Day cardSun, May 14, 2017 Colorado State player accused of stealing from teammateSat, May 13, 2017 Arkansas deputy, two others killed; suspect jailedFri, May 12, 2017 Life Life 'How does this even exist?' A hidden Colorado gem with limited exploring8 hr ago Colorado's fourteeners: Mount Oxford16 hr ago Colorado state parks: Lone Mesa16 hr ago Colorado Springs area outdoor events starting May 15, 2017Mon, May 15, 2017 Arts and Entertainment TV Talk - NBC and Fox promote their new fall series at Broadcast TV Upfronts6 hr ago Boycott hits ABC over canceling Tim Allen hit 'Last Man Standing'8 hr ago Dining Review: From molletes to mole, Provecho satisfies9 hr ago 401 Colorado festivals, fairs, rodeos and July 4 events10 hr ago Religion Commentary: Is racism reasonable? Americans seem to think soSat, May 13, 2017 Commentary: The evangelical courtiers who kneel before the president’s feetSat, May 13, 2017 James Comey: The fall of a Niebuhrian (COMMENTARY)Fri, May 12, 2017 Pope, at Fatima shrine, urges end to wars tearing world apartFri, May 12, 2017 National National Politics The Latest: Trump White House returns to crisis mode 3 hr ago A congressman said making a man get maternity insurance was ‘crazy.’ A woman’s reply went viral.3 hr ago Federal judges ask if travel ban is biased against Muslims7 hr ago Report: Colorado Springs Mayor John Suthers not on list of possible candidates for FBI director10 hr ago National Business Chinese stocks fall on weak data; other Asian markets rise5 min ago Fidget spinners, the hit toy that spun out of nowhere1 hr ago AP Explains: What is bitcoin? A look at the digital currency1 hr ago Asian stocks mixed after Wall Street rise2 hr ago Get the Newsletter The latest breaking news, delivered straight to your email! Subscribe Get a Subscription Access all of our premium content, get unlimited digital access and more! Subscribe Follow our Facebook Get real time news updates Follow × Login Required You must be logged in to post a comment. If you already have an account, login here: Login New user? Register Now Advertising SpringsCoupons.com Place An Ad About Us Contact Us About The Gazette Work For Us Copyright Information Reprint Information Google Survey FAQ Gazette Charities Become a Carrier Subscriber Services Subscriber Services Archives Carrier Portal Buy Our Photos Online News e-Edition Newsletters Mobile Apps Gazette.com Coloradosprings.com Gazettepreps.com Best of the Springs My Colorado OutThereColorado.com Privacy Policy Terms of Service © 2017 Produced by Colorado Springs Gazette
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product Wal-Mart’s first quarter net income expected to dip despite slightly higher revenue Arkansas 4Q GDP growth in 2016 only 0.5%, full-year GDP sees major downward revision Iowa food company acquires Decatur-based Crystal Lake Farms for $3.5 million Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 Arkansas Bar Association to discuss potential constitutional amendment on justice system, ethics, vetoes and legislative power Reshoring groups says ‘tide has turned,’ more manufacturing jobs returning than leaving U.S. Talk Business & Politics, KATV renew multi-year television partnership Gov. Asa Hutchinson and other national lawmakers petition federal government for flood-related agricultural aid Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product Wal-Mart sued for discriminating against pregnant workers, retailer denies claims Iowa food company acquires Decatur-based Crystal Lake Farms for $3.5 million Video / Podcasts These ‘Mom-Senators’ worked for women’s issues in the recent session Sen. Boozman: ‘Content’ that Intelligence Committees can handle Trump investigation in wake of Comey firing TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics TB&P Daily: John Brummett on French elections, the Trump factor, state and federal healthcare and judicial impeachment Governor says healthcare needs more personal responsibility; clemency request to be reviewed this week Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas trucking companies will have a better fleet registration system by Jan. 1 J.B. Hunt announces promotion of Shelley Simpson ATRI report says truck drivers sacrifice an hour of driving time for parking The Supply Side: Omnichannel success takes more than online shopping Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Fast 15: Steve Sparks Profiles by Paul Gatling (pgatling@nwabj.com) 14 hours ago 133 views  Tags: best-in-class fast-15 0 SHARES Share Tweet As a fourth-year pharmacy student, while completing a two-month internship with Wal-Mart Stores, Steve Sparks was part of a team that developed the process the company uses to give immunization shots. That caught the attention of the world’s largest retailer, which offered Sparks a job after he graduated from Harding University’s College of Pharmacy in spring 2013. That’s been a springboard for Sparks, who now oversees about 2,000 Wal-Mart pharmacies and their associates in 17 states and Puerto Rico. Essentially, he’s the go-to-guy for pharmacy-related compliance issues on the local, state and federal level. “There are so many laws and regulations in pharmacy, and it’s so heavily regulated,” Sparks says. “We want our systems to be smart, so it’s easier for the patient and easier for our pharmacy associates as well.” Sparks earned a bachelor’s degree in biology from the University of Arkansas in 2009 before spending the next four years in pharmacy school. With Wal-Mart, he started as a pharmacist in Fayetteville, then Springdale and ultimately was promoted to manage the pharmacy of Store 100 in Bentonville in 2015. “There is so much going on there with pilot programs and testing, you can learn more there than in any other Wal-Mart store,” he said. In just more than a year at Store 100, across the street from Wal-Mart headquarters, Sparks trained several managers, was in the top five in immunization sales and was one of just six Wal-Mart pharmacists to attend the National Association of Chain Drug Stores’ (NACDS) signature advocacy event in Washington, D.C. Sparks was then promoted to work in the home office. His most recent promotion was accepted in March, and he is the youngest of three pharmacy directors. As for his ambitions with the company, Sparks said he’ll continue to “bloom where I’m planted.” Sparks, married with a 1-year-old daughter, grew up in the Arkansas Delta community of Turkey Scratch and later graduated high school in Beebe. Away from work, he enjoys the outdoors and is a season ticket holder for most Razorback sporting events. His passion for the Hogs runs deep, underscored by his time as a Razorback mascot while in college. Sparks volunteers with several organizations including the Juvenile Diabetes Research Foundation (he is a Type 1 diabetic) and International Servants, a Christian humanitarian organization in Belize. Comments comments Previous post Fast 15: Lisa Smith Next post Fast 15: Brandon Wall Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws Robert Coon In defense of Goldilocks Todd Turner Deceptive Trade Practices Act changes will harm Arkansas consumers Megan Hargraves Changes to Deceptive Trade Practices Act will make Arkansas more business-friendly Micah Whitfield Reviewing the ‘bargain branding’ rules Latest Popular Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 5 hours ago The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product 6 hours ago Wal-Mart’s first quarter net income expected to dip despite slightly higher revenue 8 hours ago Arkansas 4Q GDP growth in 2016 only 0.5%, full-year GDP sees major downward revision 8 hours ago Wal-Mart sued for discriminating against pregnant workers, retailer denies claims 9 hours ago Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws 1,804 views XNA responds to passenger growth with $35 million parking deck 1,693 views Fort Smith city boss refuses to provide reason for sanitation director’s termination 1,575 views Fort Smith sanitation director fired by city administrator 1,517 views Fort Smith costs to dispose of recycling at landfill continue to climb, new estimate above $680,000 1,389 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Skip to content The Atlantic Popular Latest Sections Sections Politics & Policy Culture Business Science Technology Health Education U.S. Global News Notes Photo Video Events Writers Projects Magazine Magazine Current issue All issues Manage subscription Subscribe More More Create account Your account Sign in Sign out Newsletters Audio Life Timeline Events Books Shop View all Subscribe Search Search Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription Quick Links James Fallows Ta Nehisi Coates Manage subscription The Men Who Take 'Women's' Jobs As employment options shrink in parts of the Midwest, many men who once worked in manufacturing are finding new careers in health care. Marshall Wayne Wilburn switched from a job in manufacturing to nursing. Alana Semuels / The Atlantic Most Popular The Terrible Cost of Trump's Disclosures Eliot A. Cohen May 15, 2017 Foreign Leaders Have Realized Trump Is a Pushover David A. Graham May 15, 2017 His Kampf Graeme Wood May 14, 2017 How Bad Is Disclosing 'Code Word' Information? Amy Zegart May 15, 2017 What Did Donald Trump Tell the Russians? David A. Graham May 15, 2017 Alana Semuels May 15, 2017 Next Economy Share Tweet … LinkedIn Email Print Text Size LUCASVILLE, Ohio—Before the scalpels, the forceps, and the surgical needles, Tom Jones knew steel. He was a quality technician in the fabrication shop at a handful of mills, most recently at AK Steel, where he worked in this economically depressed region of southern Ohio until his employer laid off more than 600 people. Casting about for a way to support his wife and two children, Jones decided to go back to school. He considered becoming a welder or an electrician, but wanted something different, more stable. So he settled on a program at the nearby Scioto County Career Technical Center that would train him to be a surgical technologist, someone who assists doctors during surgery. “I read all this stuff that said the medical field is the only one that’s not laying people off,” Jones said, explaining his choice. I met him while he sat in school, one of two men in a classroom full of women, where he was wearing blue scrubs and a camouflage baseball cap. He said it was a little strange to be among so many women, but it was something he felt he had to do. He said, “It comes to a point where, most of the people like I know like me, you go, you get a job and support your family.” Many men in parts of the Midwest have flailed as manufacturing jobs have disappeared, but it doesn’t have to be that way. A growing group of men are deciding that to work and support their families, they have to embrace new fields, such as health care. More younger men are entering nursing, one of the most gendered professions there is, than once did. According to data provided by the American Nurses Association, men make up 6.2 percent of nurses licensed before 2000, but 9.6 percent of nurses licensed in 2000 or later. (That number still seems small, but change takes time; the share of medical degrees earned by women, for example, increased from 5 percent in 1952 to 48 percent in 2011.) Throughout regions of the country like southern Ohio, manufacturing jobs have vanished, while work in health care is booming. In 1995, the top four employers in Ohio were General Motors (which employed 63,400 people), Ford, Kroger, and General Electric, according to Edward Hill, a professor at the Ohio State University and the head of the Ohio Manufacturing Institute. In 2016, the top four employers were the Cleveland Clinic (which employed 48,200), Walmart, Kroger, and Mercy Health. Service-sector jobs like those at Walmart are generally low-paying, so for people who want to make more than the minimum wage, the most logical place to go would be in health care. Yet it can be a challenge to get men into healthcare, a field that has long been dominated by women. This is partly because of the perception that jobs that require caring for and tending to others are “women’s work.” It’s also because many of these jobs, such as home health aides, for example, don’t pay very well, and don’t appeal to men who had once made a good living in other industries. And some health-care jobs require a certain level of education and math and science skills, which some men who had worked in other industries no longer have or never fully developed. “Blue-collar workers often don’t have the academic background” to enter many medical professions, Paula Boley, the dean of Rhodes State College, in Lima, Ohio, told me. To get into many medical-training programs at Rhodes State, for instance, students need a certain GPA and to have received a C or higher in anatomy. Tom Jones studies in a classroom in Lucasville, Ohio. (Alana Semuels / The Atlantic) For a long time, researchers found that the men who entered predominantly female professions tended to be those who were disadvantaged in the labor market: They were less educated, and often black or Hispanic. But it’s possible that, as white men see their employment options shrink in number, more of them are entering into health care and other predominantly female fields. Such men previously had other options: They could enter other manufacturing or construction or mining jobs. Now, there are fewer such options: In Ohio, for example, there are 14 percent fewer mining and logging jobs now than there were in 2000, 12 percent fewer construction jobs than in 2000, and 33 percent fewer manufacturing jobs, according to data from the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS). The number of jobs in the field of health care and social assistance, on the other hand, has increased by 38 percent since 2000. And it’s (the mostly white) men who formerly worked in manufacturing who get government subsidies to go back to school when their factories shut down. Janette Dill, a sociology professor at the University of Akron, has found that men gravitate towards a certain kind of health-care job, avoiding the patient-centric kind of work that has traditionally been classified as female— jobs such as home health aides or nursing assistants. Instead, men tend to go work as surgical technologists, radiology technicians, and respiratory therapists. These are jobs that are new enough that they haven’t yet been defined as “women’s” work, Dill said. These jobs are often portrayed as being technical, rather than nurturing. “There’s not that stigma around this kind of work,” she told me. In 1996, according to Dill, 16 percent of these types of jobs were held by men, but by 2008, that number had risen to 26 percent. The BLS has up-to-date numbers on some such jobs. Its data shows that while in 2016 there were a much greater share of women than men in most health-care support jobs, some occupations had a significant share of men. Men made up almost one-third of technicians in clinical labs, and 35 percent of what the BLS calls “miscellaneous” health technicians. Yet not all of these jobs that some men are moving into pay all that well, according to Patricia A. Roos, a sociologist at Rutgers. Many of these men don’t have the educational background to go into higher-paid jobs in the health-care field, she said. Tom Jones, for instance, told me that he was going to have to take a pay cut when he started working as a surgical technologist. But lower pay is better than no job at all, he said. Men who enter into lower-paid professions have a foil in the women who are entering more and more fields that were once dominated by males, Roos has found. More women are now optometrists, veterinarians, and dentists, for example. “Women are more educated, and moving into more professional jobs, managerial jobs, into health-sector occupations,” she said. “That’s a very different picture of what’s happening to men.” That said, it’s not unheard of for men to make the transition to a higher-paying job in a traditionally feminine occupation like nursing. I talked to some men in Ohio who went back to school while working in manufacturing, to prepare for a possible career change. They include Marshall Wayne Wilburn, who’s now 44. He’s a vascular nurse, meaning he places IVs and tubes into patients whose veins might be difficult to find. Wilburn began his post-high-school life as a pipefitter, moved into construction, and then settled into a job at a cabinet manufacturer. He worked his way up at the cabinet factory, from a hand-sander to working in the quality-control department, eventually making around $45,000 a year, enough to support his wife and three children in the Chillicothe area. Then, an outside company came in and bought the cabinet manufacturer, and started making changes that made Wilburn worried about his future. “Once I saw the changes that were happening, it made it real to me, that hey, this was something that could go away pretty quickly,” he told me. He told his wife that he saw things changing, and remembers her saying, “Well, what do we want to do about it? Are we going to wait for it to force us into something, or are we going to do it on our own terms?” He looked around for a more stable job, and, after reading about upcoming nursing shortage, decided to go back to school for nursing, for 10 months working at the cabinet factory at the same time. Friends at the factory gave him a hard time, he said, and the schoolwork was difficult, but he was determined to finish. “Kids kind of get used to eating,” he joked. “Failing was not an option.” Now, he said, he still runs into some of the guys from the factory, which has since shut down. Many of them aren’t currently working. He’s relieved he got out when he still could, and put in the work to make a health-care job possible. He makes a good living as a nurse; he has been able to remain his household’s primary earner. (His wife works in retail.) Kody Miller, who is studying to be a nurse, practices finding a patient’s heartbeat. (Alana Semuels / The Atlantic More generally, though, the nursing profession has still been slow to change. Only 10 percent of registered nurses are men, according to BLS data. Not all men are like Wilburn or Jones, willing to leave blue-collar work behind for jobs in health care. Still, it’s possible that this will change with members of the younger generation, who might attach less stigma to entering traditionally feminine occupations, and who understand that many good job opportunities lie in health care.  “I think for people, especially who come from a working-class background, who would have gone into a factory job, those jobs are just not available, and so more people are turning to the health-care sector as an alternative,” Dill, of the University of Akron, said. After all, data suggests that that trend may continue, as younger adult men are showing themselves to be more open to shaking up traditional gender roles than were previous generations. A 2015 study, for example, showed that 82.5 percent of men ages 18 to 32 without a college education preferred an egalitarian relationship structure, in which both partners contribute equally to earning and caregiving. Being open to non-traditional relationships, in which men and women contribute equally in the workplace and at home, may mean that men prioritize home life more, which means they’ll look for jobs that have more flexibility and good pay—features of many health-care jobs. In Ohio, for example, I talked to a 33-year-old named John Gibson who had worked as a tree trimmer for 13 years, and is now a nurse. Explaining his decision to enter nursing, he said, “I wanted to be able, when my son’s older, to go play with him and do stuff with him.” Gibson’s father was a mechanic, and the job took a toll on his body; Gibson was noticing the same thing happening to him from his work trimming trees. Gibson, who served in the Army Reserves and has a tattoo of an American flag and a soldier’s dog tags on his right arm, said he sometimes gets teased from friends who call him a sissy for entering nursing, but that he wanted something that was physically easier than tree-trimming, and that nursing fit the bill. Besides, he said, “It’s extremely easy to find a job.” Another nursing student I talked to, a 21-year-old named Kody Miller, first went into his father’s heating-and-air-conditioning company after high school, but didn’t like being on the road frequently. That job was physically demanding too, he said: “I don’t want to be crawling in crawl spaces and rolling around in insulation and stuff my whole life.” The jobs available to him outside the health-care field had long hours away from home, too. His brother is in the ironworkers’ union, and is away most of the week and has to work overtime on the weekends. But, he said, “You’re always going to have a job in health-care, and you can work whenever you want.” Both Gibson and Miller said that being a young man in nursing could lead to some confusing situations: Women who are giving birth sometimes don’t want male nursing students in the room, they said, and patients often assume a male nurse is a doctor. But neither were particularly bothered by having a job stereotyped as women’s work. “People think that ... if you are a guy that goes in[to nursing], it’s kind of like you don’t know how to do anything with your hands,” Miller told me. “But I can rebuild an engine in a car. I’m a certified welder. I’ve done heating and air. I’ve worked on an assembly line. And I do all my own mechanic work and stuff myself.” Even if other men can’t navigate the health-care field with the same ease as Gibson and Miller, it’s likely that more of them will start to anyway. As their options shrink, they may find that doing jobs traditionally done by women is more appealing than not having a job at all. Share Tweet Comments Latest Video 'Mister Rogers' vs. Richard Nixon in the Fight for Young Minds How early childhood became political. The Editors May 15, 2017 About the Author Alana Semuels is a staff writer at The Atlantic. She was previously a national correspondent for the Los Angeles Times. Twitter Most Popular Presented by Kevin Lamarque / Reuters The Terrible Cost of Trump's Disclosures Eliot A. Cohen The consequences of the president’s reported divulgence of top-secret codeword information to the Russians are only beginning. If The Washington Post is right, President Trump divulged highly classified information to the Russian foreign minister and ambassador at a jovial meeting in the Oval Office. Here is why this is appalling, beyond even this president’s usual standard. Top secret codeword information is no joke There are multiple flavors of intelligence classification, from “Confidential” (which is often in the public record already, just not acknowledged), to “Secret” (usually, though not always available if you know where to look—or are willing to wait a few days), to “Top Secret” which is beginning to be serious. The codewords, which security officials began using in World War II to protect signal intercepts (e.g. ULTRA), tell you whence the information was derived—so Top Secret/codeword material really has to be protected. Any of us who have had those kinds of clearances have gone through repeated trainings about how to safeguard such material (cover sheets, multiple envelopes, proper paragraph marking, etc.). And if you hope to keep your job and stay out of jail, you take it seriously. You do not have access to any and all compartments if you have a top-secret clearance. This, apparently, is some of the information that Trump blew. Continue Reading Russian Foreign Ministry Photo via AP Foreign Leaders Have Realized Trump Is a Pushover David A. Graham The president’s reported disclosure of classified information to Russia is only the latest example of the self-proclaimed great negotiator conceding to officials from overseas everything they want. The pattern has become clear: A foreign official comes to President Trump. They speak. The official leaves with what he or she wants, and Trump emerges chastened, having reversed a major policy, or both. A Washington Post report Monday night revealed the latest and most embarrassing of the incidents. During an Oval Office meeting last week with Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Sergei Kislyak, Moscow’s ambassador to the U.S., Trump reportedly revealed classified information about an ISIS terror plot that was so sensitive that the U.S. did not share it even with its closest allies. The story has since been confirmed by multiple outlets, and while the White House has pushed back, it hasn’t disputed any specifics of the story. While the president is legally entitled to disclose that information, the slip could jeopardize cooperation with allies, and it makes a hypocrite of Trump, who repeatedly criticized Hillary Clinton, his Democratic rival for president, for far more minor mishandling of classified info. Continue Reading Philip Montgomery His Kampf Graeme Wood Richard Spencer is a troll and an icon for white supremacists. He was also my high-school classmate. On December 17, 2007, the libertarian magazine Reason held a Christmas bash—a “Very Special, Very Secular Christmas Party”—at its office in Washington, D.C. The guest of honor, the late Atlantic book critic Christopher Hitchens, tugged liberally on his drink and gave a speech about how the holiday season was oppressive (“like living in fucking North Korea”). Then near the height of his powers as an anti-theist pamphleteer, Hitchens led the crowd in a tuneless rendition of Tom Lehrer’s “A Christmas Carol,” before slipping away and leaving the guests to the open bar and the mistletoe. Among those guests was a figure from my past. I had not seen Richard Spencer in more than 10 years. He was not yet known as our generation’s most prominent white supremacist. I remembered him as my eighth-grade-chemistry lab partner and high-school classmate. We spotted each other and walked closer, circling uncertainly for a few seconds, before he spoke my name and confirmed that a wormhole had indeed opened from late-1990s North Dallas. Continue Reading Russian Foreign Ministry Photo via the AP How Bad Is Disclosing 'Code Word' Information? Amy Zegart If you’re known as someone who cannot keep a secret, the world’s secret-keepers are not going to tell you much. Today The Washington Post dropped the bombshell that President Trump had revealed classified information about the Islamic State to Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Russian ambassador Sergey Kislyak when the three of them met at the White House last week. You know a story is big when it gets as many concurrent visitors as the story about the infamous Access Hollywood video. There was no hiding near bushes in the dark this time to walk back the damage. Deputy National-Security Advisor Dina Powell declared the story “false,” and the administration also called out the big guns, with Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and National Security Advisor H.R. McMaster dutifully rushing into the breach to discuss the breach, using oh-so-carefully worded statements about how the president did not reveal “sources or methods” or any “military operations” that were not already known publicly. Continue Reading Alexander Shcherbak / TASS via Getty What Did Donald Trump Tell the Russians? David A. Graham A Washington Post story claims that the president divulged highly sensitive intelligence received from an ally in a meeting with the Russian foreign minister and ambassador. Last Wednesday, security experts nearly had a conniption when they realized that President Trump had welcomed Russian state media into the Oval Office. It turns out that was the least of the security breaches that day. The Washington Post reports that Trump revealed classified information about ISIS, acquired from an intelligence partner, about a plot to use laptop computers in terror attacks. The newspaper held back details of what Trump told Russian Foreign Minister Sergei Lavrov and Russian Ambassador to the United States Sergei Kislyak. Greg Miller and Greg Jaffe write: The information Trump relayed had been provided by a U.S. partner through an intelligence-sharing arrangement considered so sensitive that details have been withheld from allies and tightly restricted even within the U.S. government, officials said. The partner had not given the United States permission to share the material with Russia, and officials said that Trump’s decision to do so risks cooperation from an ally that has access to the inner workings of the Islamic State. Continue Reading Zohar Lazar How Pixar Lost Its Way Christopher Orr For 15 years, the animation studio was the best on the planet. Then Disney bought it. A well-regarded Hollywood insider recently suggested that sequels can represent “a sort of creative bankruptcy.” He was discussing Pixar, the legendary animation studio, and its avowed distaste for cheap spin-offs. More pointedly, he argued that if Pixar were only to make sequels, it would “wither and die.” Now, all kinds of industry experts say all kinds of things. But it is surely relevant that these observations were made by Ed Catmull, the president of Pixar, in his best-selling 2014 business-leadership book. Yet here comes Cars 3, rolling into a theater near you this month. You may recall that the original Cars, released back in 2006, was widely judged to be the studio’s worst film to date. Cars 2, which followed five years later, was panned as even worse. And if Cars 3 isn’t disheartening enough, two of the three Pixar films in line after it are also sequels: The Incredibles 2 and (say it isn’t so!) Toy Story 4. Continue Reading Kevin Lamarque / Reuters Republicans Display a Mix of Defense and Alarm on Trump Allegations Clare Foran The Washington Post report on the president’s conversations with Russian officials marks the second time in less than a week that the administration has sent congressional Republicans scrambling. Updated on May 15, 2017 at 7:45 p.m. After a report surfaced on Monday that President Trump shared classified information with Russian officials during an Oval Office meeting last week, some Senate Republicans initially rushed to defend the president, while other GOP lawmakers, as well as congressional Democrats, expressed alarm. “It’s no longer classified the minute he utters it,” Republican Senator Jim Risch said, according to Talking Points Memo’s Alice Ollstein. Risch reportedly noted that the president “has the ability to declassify anything at any time without any process.” Republican Senator John McCain initially took a similar tack. “We certainly don’t want any president to leak classified information, but the president does have the right to do that,” he said, according to the Associated Press’s Erica Werner. On Twitter, however, McCain shared the report later in the evening and wrote: “If true, deeply disturbing….” Continue Reading Kevin Lamarque / Reuters When Trump Called Divulging Secrets to Russia Treason Matt Ford The president once called for the execution of Edward Snowden as a “traitor” who had “given serious information to China and Russia.” President Trump, who reportedly disclosed highly classified information to top Russian officials last week, has long used other people’s indiscretions with secrets against them. He’s demanded investigation into the “leakers” he thinks are undermining his presidency. He wielded Clinton’s private email server scandal like a sledgehammer against her during the presidential campaign, at one point insisting he would “lock her up” if elected. (He hasn’t yet.) But even amidst all that, Trump once took an even harder line on disclosing classified information to foreign adversaries. In the summer of 2013, former National Security Agency contractor Edward Snowden leaked a massive trove of classified U.S. information to British and American journalists. The documents revealed secret mass-surveillance programs run by the U.S. government and allied countries, sparking widespread political debate and investigations throughout the West. Their disclosure also made Snowden a fugitive from a wrathful U.S. government. Shortly after leaking the information, Snowden fled first to Hong Kong and then to Moscow, when he resides to this day under temporary asylum protections. Continue Reading Carlos Barria / Reuters Braggart in Chief Peter Beinart President Trump’s incessant need to prove how important and successful he is proved costly in a meeting with Russian diplomats. Why did Donald Trump last week reveal highly classified, potentially life-endangering, intelligence to Russia’s foreign minister? Because he wanted to impress him. “In his conversations with the Russian officials,” reports Reuters, “Trump appeared to be boasting about his knowledge of the looming threats, telling them he was briefed on ‘great intel every day.’” It fits a pattern; Trump loves dazzling guests. After his April meeting with Xi Jinping at Mar-a-Lago, he recounted the Chinese president’s supposed shock when Trump told him, over desert, that the U.S. had just bombed Syria: Xi “paused for 10 seconds and then he asked the interpreter to please say it again.” When two Time reporters followed Trump around the White House last month, Trump told them that Ronald Lauder “went crazy” after being shown “the painting of George Washington above the fireplace.” Then Trump beckoned the reporters to follow him into his private dining room, where “You’ll see something that is amazing.” It turned out to be Trump’s newly installed flat-screen TV. Continue Reading Yuri Gripas / Reuters Donald Trump's Loose Lips Vindicate His Critics Conor Friedersdorf The implications of news reports that the president compromised intelligence sources and damaged national security. Donald Trump is not incapable of keeping secrets when it serves him to do so. He has guarded years of his tax returns more closely than any president in the modern era. But when the security of the United States, the lives of Western intelligence assets, the trust of U.S. allies, and the fight against ISIS are at stake, he appears to be less adept. “President Trump revealed highly classified information to the Russian foreign minister and ambassador in a White House meeting last week,” The Washington Post reported Monday, citing revelations from “current and former U.S. officials, who said Trump’s disclosures jeopardized a critical source of intelligence on the Islamic State.” According to the article, “The information the president relayed had been provided by a U.S. partner through an intelligence-sharing arrangement considered so sensitive that details have been withheld from allies and tightly restricted even within the U.S. government, officials said. The partner had not given the United States permission to share the material with Russia, and officials said Trump’s decision to do so endangers cooperation from an ally that has access to the inner workings of the Islamic State. After Trump’s meeting, senior White House officials took steps to contain the damage, placing calls to the CIA and the National Security Agency.” Continue Reading Church Militant: A Right-Wing Media Empire in the Making Daniel Lombroso A Catholic news outlet is fighting to save Americans from sin, while its founder grapples with his own complicated past. Watch Video How the Obamacare Repeal Could Cost Republicans the House Daniel Lombroso and David Frum David Frum argues most Americans have accepted the principle of universal coverage. Watch Video Cameron County Sheriff The Cartel Murder That Exposed a Rogue U.S. Border Patrol Agent Jeremy Raff A headless body, a gold-plated pistol, and the specter of corruption in the country's largest police force Watch Video More Popular Stories Show Comments Home Share Tweet Next story in Business Subscribe Get 10 issues a year and save 65% off the cover price. State Alabama Alaska Alberta American Samoa APO/FPO-Africa APO/FPO-Canada APO/FPO-Europe APO/FPO-Middle East APO/FPO-Americas APO/FPO-Pacific Arizona Arkansas British Columbia California Colorado Connecticut Delaware District of Columbia Florida Georgia Guam Hawaii Idaho Illinois Indiana Iowa Kansas Kentucky Louisiana Maine Manitoba Marshall Islands Maryland Massachusetts Michigan Micronesia Minnesota Mississippi Missouri Montana Nebraska Nevada New Brunswick New Hampshire New Jersey New Mexico New York Newfoundland Newfoundland-Labrador North Carolina North Dakota Northern Mariana Isles Northwest Territories Nova Scotia Nunavut Ohio Oklahoma Ontario Oregon Palau Pennsylvania Prince Edward Island Puerto Rico Quebec Quebec Rhode Island Saskatchewan South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee Texas Utah Vermont Virgin Islands Virginia Washington West Virginia Wisconsin Wyoming Yukon Territories Fraud Alert regarding The Atlantic Newsletters+ The Atlantic The Atlantic Daily This Week This Month New Photo Galleries Top Videos This Week Politics & Policy Daily CityLab Today’s Top Stories This Week's Most Popular Stories I want to receive updates from partners and sponsors. Follow+ Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS App Store About+ Masthead FAQ Press Jobs Shop Books Emporium Contact Us Privacy Policy Advertise Advertising Guidelines Terms and Conditions Manage Subscription Responsible Disclosure Site Map Copyright © 2017 by The Atlantic Monthly Group. All Rights Reserved. Close Skip to article in Skip Ad > Close
null
Home Mail Flickr Tumblr News Sports Finance Celebrity Answers Groups Mobile More Yahoo Search Search Skip to Navigation Skip to Main Content Skip to Related Content 0 News Home Follow Us US World Politics Tech Science Odd News ABC News Yahoo Originals Katie Couric Matt Bai Workers say Wal-Mart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women By Daniel Wiessner Reuters May 15, 2017 Reblog Share Tweet Share A logo of Walmart is seen in one of the stores in Monterrey, Mexico November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Daniel Becerril/File PhotoMore By Daniel Wiessner (Reuters) - Two former Wal-Mart Stores Inc employees have filed a lawsuit accusing the retailer of treating thousands of pregnant workers as “second-class citizens” by rejecting their requests to limit heavy lifting, climbing on ladders and other potentially dangerous tasks. The proposed class action lawsuit was filed in federal court in Illinois on Friday by Talisa Borders and Otisha Woolbright, who say that until 2014, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart had a company-wide policy that denied pregnant women the same accommodations as workers with other disabilities. The class could include at least 20,000 women and possibly up to 50,000 who worked at Wal-Mart while pregnant before the policy change, according to the lawsuit. The company in a statement provided by spokesman Randy Hargrove denied the women's claims and said Wal-Mart's pregnancy policies "have always fully met or exceeded both state and federal law." The company said a separate anti-discrimination policy it maintains has long listed pregnancy as a protected status. "Walmart is a great place for women to work," the company said. Borders and Woolbright say that Wal-Mart's old policy violated a federal law requiring employers to treat pregnancy as a temporary disability and provide work accommodations to pregnant women. The U.S. Supreme Court, in a 2015 case involving United Parcel Service, said employers cannot treat pregnant workers differently from those with other disabilities or medical conditions. Wal-Mart, the largest private U.S. employer, changed its policy in 2014 to treat pregnancy as a disability. But lawyers for the plaintiffs in the lawsuit say the changes did not go far enough, and they were planning a separate lawsuit involving the new policy. Woolbright says her manager at a Florida Wal-Mart told her pregnancy was “no excuse” for not doing heavy lifting. She says she was fired from her job in the deli department after injuring herself lifting trays that weighed up to 50 pounds and inquiring further about the company’s pregnancy policies. Borders, who worked at an Illinois Wal-Mart, says she was reprimanded for asking coworkers to climb ladders and lift heavy boxes while she was pregnant, and forced to go on unpaid leave. When she returned, she says, she was paid $2.00 less per hour. The case is Borders v. Wal-Mart Stores Inc, U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Illinois, No. 3:17-cv-00506. (Reporting by Daniel Wiessner in Albany, New York, Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi, Dan Grebler and Jonathan Oatis) Reblog Share Tweet Share Popular in the Community Capitol Hill reacts to report that Trump shared classified intelligence 2025 reactions4%60%36% Memorials, used cars, slums & more — it happened today: May 15 in pictures 15 reactions0%88%12% GOP Senator: White House In A 'Downward Spiral' 1584 reactions4%61%35% As a millionaire, I am begging millennials to stop doing these things with their money 292 reactions5%64%31% Trump speaks at the National Peace Officers’ Memorial 274 reactions5%65%30% White House calls Wash Post report that Trump gave classified info to the Russians 'as reported, false' 141 reactions3%65%32% Washington Post Report Fuels Chaos in White House 3 reactions0%50%50% Outraged Sean Hannity Wants White House To Seize More Control Over Media 335 reactions6%60%34% Antonio Sabàto Jr. Divorcing Wife Amid Drug Abuse Allegations 236 reactions8%68%24% Laid-Off ESPN Anchor Shares Poignant Story of On-Air Miscarriage 753 reactions8%68%24% Beautiful Milky Way captured over iconic Dorset landmarks 54 reactions15%73%12% Washington Post reports Trump shared highly classified information with the Russians 67 reactions4%66%30% White House Defends Trump After Leak Bombshell 14 reactions0%50%50% Antonio Cromartie's wife says she's pregnant with his 14th child 1619 reactions4%79%17% Miss USA Says Health Care Is a Privilege, Not a Right — and People Are Mad 7882 reactions10%65%25% Osama bin Laden's son vows revenge on the west for killing his father 3926 reactions3%74%23% Capitol Hill reacts to report that Trump shared classified intelligence Ghetto Blaster: Do all the people that thought Hillary should hang for treason because she had some classified intelligence on her private server now believe that Trump should hang for treason for revealing classified info to the Russians? Just curious.... Join the Conversation 1 / 5 2k
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer service Subscriber services Contact us E-edition Contests Apps Newsletters Obits Post-Dispatch Archives News Columnists Law and order Education Databases Obits Political Fix National politics Nation Illinois Metro St. Charles Weather City crime tracker Public salary database Sports Cardinals Blues Mizzou SLU NFL Golf Soccer Forums Columnists Chats Opinion Letters to the editor Columnists Business Top Workplaces PR Columnists High schools Schedules Schools Sports Stats Go! Entertainment Books Calendar Comics & games Dining Music Movies Television Theater & arts Columnists STL 100: Best restaurants Lifestyles Advice Automotive Fashion Food and cooking Drink Health Home and Garden Parenting Religion Travel St. Louis Post-Dispatch columnists Feast Magazine St. Louis' Best Bridal Ladue News Multimedia Photos Videos Chats Forums Buy/Sell Classifieds Real estate Business Directory Print ads Newspaper ads Page reprints Weekly Ads Autos Jobs Homes Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 70° Saint Louis, MO (63101) Today Generally sunny despite a few afternoon clouds. High 89F. Winds S at 10 to 20 mph.. Tonight Mostly clear skies. Low around 70F. Winds S at 10 to 20 mph. Updated: May 16, 2017 @ 12:53 am Full Forecast News Sports Business Go! Life Buy/Sell Business Close Manchester Walmart Supercenter, 201 Highlands Boulevard (file photo/Post-Dispatch) Workers say Wal-Mart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women By Daniel Wiessner • Reuters 14 hrs ago (…) Manchester Walmart Supercenter, 201 Highlands Boulevard (file photo/Post-Dispatch) ALBANY, N.Y. • Two former Wal-Mart Stores Inc. employees have filed a lawsuit accusing the retailer of treating thousands of pregnant workers as “second-class citizens” by rejecting their requests to limit heavy lifting, climbing on ladders and other potentially dangerous tasks. The proposed class action lawsuit was filed in federal court in Illinois on Friday by Talisa Borders and Otisha Woolbright, who say that until 2014, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart had a company-wide policy that denied pregnant women the same accommodations as workers with other disabilities. The class could include at least 20,000 women and possibly up to 50,000 who worked at Wal-Mart while pregnant before the policy change, according to the lawsuit. A Wal-Mart spokesman on Monday said the company had not seen the lawsuit and did not have any comment. Borders and Woolbright say that Wal-Mart's old policy violated a federal law requiring employers to treat pregnancy as a temporary disability and provide work accommodations to pregnant women. The U.S. Supreme Court, in a 2015 case involving United Parcel Service, said employers cannot treat pregnant workers differently from those with other disabilities or medical conditions. Wal-Mart, the largest private U.S. employer, changed its policy in 2014 to treat pregnancy as a disability. But lawyers for the plaintiffs in the lawsuit say the changes did not go far enough, and they were planning a separate lawsuit involving the new policy. Woolbright says her manager at a Florida Wal-Mart told her pregnancy was “no excuse” for not doing heavy lifting. She says she was fired from her job in the deli department after injuring herself lifting trays that weighed up to 50 pounds and inquiring further about the company’s pregnancy policies. What's going up: Read the Building Blocks blog Get the Bottom Line from Nicklaus and Gallagher See how much St. Louis CEOs were paid See how St. Louis stocks are faring Borders, who worked at an Illinois Wal-Mart, says she was reprimanded for asking coworkers to climb ladders and lift heavy boxes while she was pregnant, and forced to go on unpaid leave. When she returned, she says, she was paid $2 less per hour. The case is Borders v. Wal-Mart Stores Inc., U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Illinois, No. 3:17-cv-00506.   Business Briefing from St. Louis Post-Dispatch Make it your business. Get twice-daily updates on what the St. Louis business community is talking about. This field is required. Sign Up! leave this blank I understand that registration constitutes agreement to the Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. Tags Commerce Lawsuit Law Economics Wal-mart Work View (…) comments Most popular The long, hard, unprecedented fall of Sears and Kmart Judge tells Uber to return Waymo files taken by engineer Gander Mountain employees: 'Many of us are worried about our jobs' Aldi raises stakes in U.S. price war with Wal-Mart Used-car glut is a dealer’s dream, automakers’ nightmare Follow us Business columnists David Nicklaus - Economy Building Blocks Latest in section Cotton squeeze sends prices to highest since 2014 as options jump Tronc in talks with Wrapports to acquire Chicago Sun-Times No, the Chase Park Plaza Hotel isn't changing names after purchase by out-of-town owners If it wins trainer contract, Boeing will assemble T-X in St. Louis Billionaire Buffett raises stakes in American and Southwest, but drops Fox Quick links David Nicklaus Gas prices Press releases St. Louis CEO pay Stock markets Top workplaces Get your daily dose of community. Give a shout out to your graduate in a full-color section of the St. Louis Post-Dispatch and online at STLtoday.com. Manage your services See ads from today's newspaper Feast Magazine Ladue News St. Louis' Best Bridal STL High School Sports Products and features Apps Archives Calendar Chats Comics & games Contests E-edition Forums Newsletters Our events Press releases Online Features Tools and services Advertise with us Autos Classifieds Contact us Homes Jobs Newspapers in Education Page reprints Post-Dispatch store Site help Subscriber services Today's Deal © Copyright 2017 STLtoday.com, 900 N. Tucker Blvd. St. Louis, MO | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2776 comments Featured Guns U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 New 1911 Pistols For 2017 6:01 PM 04/28/2017 Gun Test: SIG Sauer P225-A1 5:58 PM 04/27/2017 Gun Test: Smith & Wesson M&P45 Shield 5:34 PM 04/21/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance Etf Street Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Tech Guide Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports CNBC Disruptor 50 Portfolio Perspective Iconic Tour College Game Plan Tech Drivers The Brave Ones Trading Nation Shaping the future Future Opportunities Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × × Retail Consumer Retail Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Here's how these retailers could turn things around this week Macy's, Dillard's, Kohl's, Nordstrom and JC Penney reported first-quarter results last week that sparked a selloff in the retail sector. Foot traffic hasn't left the industry entirely just yet — it's merely shifting to other types of stores: think off-price, smaller floor plans, those stores that offer in-store experiences. A slew of big-name companies, including Home Depot, Target and Wal-Mart, are set to report earnings this week. Lauren Thomas | @laurenthomasx3 15 Hours AgoCNBC.com SHARES Getty Images A Home Depot store in Miami, Florida. Retailers shuttering stores, slowing foot traffic in brick-and-mortar locations, and e-commerce players like Amazon and Wayfair gaining market share ... Sound familiar? This has been the narrative for much of the industry, following a disappointing start to 2017. Department store operators Macy's, Dillard's, Kohl's, Nordstrom and J.C. Penney each reported first-quarter results last week that sparked a selloff in the sector. The S&P 500 Retail ETF (XRT) ended the week in red territory, marking its worst 5-day performance since March. Now, Wall Street is preparing for an onslaught of more retailers' earnings to come — but it's a different mix of companies reporting, some of which could turn this discouraging narrative around. "The problem plaguing [department stores], and much of the industry, has been the inability to grow the top line in the wake of declining foot traffic," Ken Perkins of Retail Metrics wrote in a report. But that foot traffic hasn't left the retail industry entirely just yet — it's merely shifting to other types of stores. "Department stores continue to lose market share to online competition and off-price retailers, which sell designer clothing for less," Thomson Reuters' Jharonne Martis wrote in an update to investors last week. Off-price champion TJX Companies — the parent of TJ Maxx, Marshalls and HomeGoods' discount stores — is scheduled to report earnings after the bell on Tuesday. Department stores vs off-price retailers same-store sales (estimates/actuals for Q1 2017) Source: Thomson Reuters "Meanwhile, off-price retailers are expected to post healthy earnings growth rates" for the first quarter, Martis continued. Further, "Home Depot is on top with a 4.0% [same-store sales], and strongest earnings growth rate estimate of 11.8%." Home Depot will kick off the week, reporting its first-quarter earnings before the bell on Tuesday. The home improvement retailer historically benefits from shoppers investing in their homes, as the overall economy improves and residential real estate values climb. Just earlier this year, Home Depot reported fourth-quarter sales and earnings that topped the Street's expectations, implying the housing recovery still has legs. Then, big-box retailers Target and Wal-Mart will report earnings before the bell on Wednesday and Thursday, respectively. Much of the latest talk around these companies has been optimistic, as they test new initiatives like free shipping for online orders, beef up their grocery departments, and acquire smaller players in the space (for example, Wal-Mart bought Jet.com). "We have started seeing improvement in store standards, including in-stocks, general tidiness and the front end register experience as well as price investment," Jefferies analyst Daniel Binder wrote of Target in a note to investors last week. Binder said Target has set its expectations — especially for same-store sales — to a "conservative level," so shares of the stock could see a bump this week if the company is able to top that and report healthier foot traffic than was anticipated. The same can be said for its competitor, Wal-Mart. "Based on our national field checks we believe sales momentum continued in Q1 driven by better store execution, price investments and continued improvement in the ecommerce," Binder wrote about the "Everyday Low Price" retailer. Wal-Mart has put more resources toward its food/consumables and apparel divisions lately, while the company also hopes to maintain wide margins between its competitively low prices and those of its peers, Binder said. Those big names aside, Dick's Sporting Goods, Victoria's Secret parent L Brands, Foot Locker, Urban Outfitters, Ross Sores and more, are preparing to update analysts and investors with their latest financials this week — offering better insight into where consumers have been spending their money to start the year. The Commerce Department announced last week that Americans actually stepped up their spending in April, as retail sales rebounded from two sluggish months. The increase suggests consumers could spur faster growth throughout the April to June period, and adds to the argument that the struggles of large department chains merely reflect changes in consumer buying patterns rather than broader economic weakness. Same-store sales estimates for retailers reporting this week Source: Thomson Reuters Home Depot, Target, Wal-Mart and TJX were all trading in green Monday morning. Target is the only company out of these four that hasn't performed positively for the year-to-date period, with its shares down around 22 percent. Lauren ThomasNews Associate for CNBC Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change KSS --- DDS --- M --- W --- AMZN ---
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Walmart’s Fight Hunger Spark Change is Featured on Daytime TV Harry Connick Jr shares Gail’s story SOURCE: Walmart DESCRIPTION: Thanks to Harry Connick Jr for sharing Gail’s story and joining Walmart to #FightHunger! Hunger is closer than you think. 1 in 8 Americans struggles with hunger. Help Walmart Fight Hunger in America. Even the smallest action can make a big difference. Check out how many meals Fight Hunger Spark Change has secured so far on walmart.com Tweet me: .@HarryConnickJR shares how @Walmart #FightHunger Spark Change commit is impacting his hometown of New Orleans http://bit.ly/2qTJXGu KEYWORDS: Philanthropy & Cause Initiatives, Media & Communications, Walmart, Harry Connick Jr CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious AutoMobility LA™ Opens Submissions For Its 2017 Top Ten Automotive Startups™ Competition Next PostNext Untangle Sales Director Kathryn Bensten Named to CRN’s 2017 Women of the Channel Search Recent Posts North America Micro Balance Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Compressor Control Systems Market Enjoys Strong First Quarter Compressor Control Systems Market Enjoys Strong First Quarter Allergy Rhinitis Drugs Market Expected To Observer Major Growth By 2021 Allergy Rhinitis Drugs Market Expected To Observer Major Growth By 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Advertisement Games Flash games HTML5 Games Video game reviews Games Guru Q&A Quizzes Jokes Write a funny caption Pedro comics Pee Wee Harris comics Outdoors & Gear Ask the Gear Guy BL Essentials Buying Guides Fishing Wilderness First Aid Hobbies & Projects BL Workshop Fun stuff to do Heads Up Fiction Book Zone Pinewood Derby Magic in a Minute Scouts Scouting Around Eagle Project Showcase Merit Badges Scouts in Action comics Contests Subscribe Subscribe to Boys’ Life! Subscriber Services Contact Us Recent Comments daf says: "Anyone waterproof spray the floor? I use a ground tarp, but have read post about treating the floor as well? Spray on the outside of the floor?" posted to How to waterproof an inexpensive tent. Joseph says: "I like this knife allot!!!" posted to Outdoor Edge Razor-Lite EDC. Joseph says: "cool" posted to Leatherman Leap. Jman2003 says: "Bow before the great lizard." posted to Write a Funny Caption For This Photo. Jman2003 says: "And they said I wasn't a retriever..." posted to Write a Funny Caption For This Photo. 33guy says: "I got it I got it!!!!!!!!!" posted to Write a Funny Caption For This Photo. Bmx two says: "Aghh godzilla!!!" posted to Write a Funny Caption For This Photo. uhhh this kid says: "This is my favorite one!" posted to Roblox. Mr.Nobody says: "I hate It!" posted to Balloon Shoot. TACOBOSS!! says: ""Big Mitt". :I" posted to What’s Your Baseball Nickname?. Home » Outdoors & Gear » Ask the Gear Guy » How to waterproof an inexpensive tent How to waterproof an inexpensive tent Q. I have an 8-person tent I got from Wal-Mart a few years ago. It has been fine for camping in the backyard with the family but we are going to a couple of state parks soon so the convenience of running in the house if it starts to rain is not an option. The tent boasted “weather-tec” or something like that, basically claiming it will stay dry. I really don’t want to buy a new tent.  How do you think it will fair if it begins to rain? –Concerned Keith, Chicago, Illinois A. Hello Keith. Thanks for the good question. Your gut is right on — there’s indeed a good chance that your tent won’t be truly waterproof. Inexpensive tents from stores like Wal-Mart may be just fine for fair weather outings. What they usually lack is durability, weather-proofness and they are often heavier than high-end camping gear. I hear what you’re saying about not wanting to buy a new one so it’s good to know there are a couple things you can try to make your tent work. First, you could get a basic tarp at the hardware store (probably will cost you less than $15) and hang that above your tent. That way, the tarp shelters your tent and takes the brunt of the rain during a storm. Second, you could treat your tent with a waterproofer like Nikwax Concentrated Tent & Gear Solar Proof ($13-$39; http://www.nikwax.com), which you mix with water. Simply pitch your tent, spray it down with a hose, and then use a sponge to cover the entire thing with the Nikwax mixture. For a tent as large as yours, you’ll likely have to use most of the 1-liter pouch, which costs about $39 bucks. The Nikwax will boost your tent’s water repellency and prevent the fabric from being damaged by prolonged exposure to the sun. Will it make your Wal-Mart tent ready for an expedition on Everest? Not a chance, but it should get you through a season of camping fun. Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) More Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Related Tent advice Ask the Gear Guy Not sure which gear to buy? Need tips for maintaining your equipment? Click here to send in your questions for the Gear Guy. Selected questions will be answered here and in the printed magazine. ← Previous article Next article → 14 Comments on How to waterproof an inexpensive tent daf // May 15, 2017 at 9:31 am // Reply Anyone waterproof spray the floor? I use a ground tarp, but have read post about treating the floor as well? Spray on the outside of the floor? inquiringmind // March 15, 2017 at 8:36 am // Reply Will waterproofing a Walmart tent harm the manufacturer’s fireproof coating on the tent? Raybe // August 5, 2016 at 1:34 pm // Reply $4 ? Try $20.00 for water proofing spray at Walmart snowowl // October 2, 2015 at 10:34 pm // Reply I use a tarp over my tent and treat with the silicone waterproof spray. I use the tarp also to make a porch covering. scoutmom // October 2, 2015 at 7:13 pm // Reply we have purchased walmart tents for 18 years and never had a water problem. The reason being we also purchase waterproofer sold near the tents and put a good coat on every spring. It is about $4 a can and it takes 2 cans for a couple coats on a 4 man tent. We usually break the poles after 3-4 years and go buy the next tent. My guys are scouts so we camp at least once a month and usually a lot more Dreward // October 2, 2015 at 10:03 am // Reply I would recommend in addition to use seam sealer on all seams on the fly and tent. allo // June 24, 2014 at 2:08 pm // Reply Am in england looking at buying a 12 man tent but some ov the coments a have seen about them say they leak a little what is the best thing to use to stop it leaking like a spray or wax does any one know what a have to get and how much campergirl // June 30, 2009 at 4:48 pm // Reply We also have an 8-person tent from Wal-Mart and the only time it’s seen rain was a total disaster! Water-proof guarantee notwithstanding, water poured in like a faucet from the center of each of the three roof domes. (None came in from the floor, though) Thanks for these suggestions… Anonymous // June 19, 2013 at 8:58 am // Reply Same thing happened to us this past weekend – nightmare! murphy // June 7, 2009 at 10:48 pm // Reply Buy a can of Atsko Silicone Water-Guard spray at Walmart for about $4. One coat of it on a tent or anything and it will be water proof. Much cheaper than Nikwax products and just as effective. c-rad // May 29, 2009 at 5:28 am // Reply thanks i have the same problem Anonymous // June 2, 2015 at 1:18 pm // Reply This is the same product we’ve used to waterproof the majority of the tents in our home. It’s exceptional and lasts for years. The only time it has failed is when we’ve failed to apply it before rain. 😉 Jack // August 10, 2015 at 7:53 am // Reply Thanks so much!! Yes, I have used this in the past and it does work well. Thanks for the reminder. Just purchased a 12-person Cabin tent from Walmart. Ajy // October 2, 2015 at 1:32 pm // Reply What they said ^. I used the cheap silicone water guard spray at Walmart two coats around $5 bucks and the water just bounces right off. It rained 5 days and nights at summer camp we got the left overs of a hurricane off the gulf and not one leak. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Please do not use your real name. Comment Nickname Advertisement BL Hotlist How to Buy the Right Solar Charger Packing Checklists for Camping Trips Write a Funny Caption For This Photo 5 Ways To Choose the Best Karts in Mario Kart Dredd Speed Vs. The Hex Scouts Visit Studios for Moviemaking Merit Badge Day Make a Rustic Concrete Candle Holder Optical Illusions to Confuse Your Brain Can You Spot 30 Animals in These Photos? AD: 2017 Jamboree Packing List Advertisement Now on Boyslife.org Boyslife.org Games Jokes Outdoors & Gear Hobbies & Projects Scouts Contests and Giveaways Subscribe Boys’ Life magazine Subscribe today! Follow Boys’ Life Contact Boys’ Life ONLINE: boyslife.org/contact-us PHONE: (866) 584-6589 MAIL: 1325 W. Walnut Hill Lane, P.O. Box 152401, Irving, TX 75015-2401 Join Scouting Visit beascout.org to find out how you can get involved in Scouting. Subscribe Subscriber Services Archives Contact Us Advertise Join Scouting Privacy Policy © 2017, Boy Scouts of America. All rights reserved. | Proudly powered by WordPress | Theme: MH Magazine by MH Themes. © 2017, Boy Scouts of America. All rights reserved. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman E2open Unveils Harmony – The One Place in the Cloud to Operate the Connected Supply Chain AUSTIN, Texas–(BUSINESS WIRE)–E2open today announces the availability of Harmony as a part of its 17.2 Product Release. Release highlights also include On-Time In-Full functionality for Walmart’s suppliers, robust transaction searches, enhanced security, and powerful scenario planning. Orchestrating the supply chain continues to challenge even the best run companies. While the physical supply chain has always been connected, the software tools that enable decision-making and execution are fragmented and disconnected making it increasingly difficult to match supply with demand. Legacy applications continue to sub-optimize the supply chain, forcing companies to build siloed organizations that use manual processes to bridge the gap. Bloated lead times, high inventory, frequent expedites, and lower customer satisfaction are the symptoms of this problem. Compressed cycle times, increased customer expectations, and the use of external specialists make end-to-end operation of the extended supply chain essential but increasingly complex. Harmony eliminates these siloes so the enterprises can operate as one connected supply chain. E2open’s vision is to orchestrate the end-to-end supply chain for the world’s best companies. Today, E2open takes a major step toward that vision with its latest innovation – Harmony. Harmony synchronizes the entire supply chain – from raw material to final consumption, all from one platform regardless of role or company involved. State-of-the-art cloud connectivity enables Harmony to connect, collect, and normalize information across the entire supply chain in real time. Machine learning, self-tuning algorithms use this timely and accurate information to automate decisions from one end of the supply chain to the other. Real-time visibility and collaborative workflows allow the enterprise and its partners to work together to rapidly adjust to changes. Plans and decisions are of little value if they cannot be executed by a connected digital supply chain. Harmony provides the connection between planning and execution to choreograph decisions across the extended supply chain allowing all participants to operate using the “same version of the truth.” To learn more about Harmony, visit: http://info.e2open.com/harmony-release.html. “Ease of use, performance, and productivity is built into the DNA of Harmony. We interviewed clients operating the world’s best supply chains in order to understand the tools they need to be more effective. We used a collaborative design process across the globe, across industries, and across functional disciplines, coupled it with leading-edge technology to develop Harmony. Our clients believe Harmony will dramatically increase their effectiveness,” said Pawan Joshi, Senior Vice President for Products and Strategy at E2open. “In addition to Harmony, E2open’s 17.2 release delivers capabilities across our entire product portfolio including On-Time In-Full (OTIF) capabilities per Walmart’s guidelines, enhanced scenario planning capabilities, as well as ongoing security enhancements for E2net-based connectivity,” he added. “Harmony will make us all re-think traditional supply chain management and operations. The ability to connect, collaborate, sense, plan, and execute across the entire supply chain will allow enterprises to operate to a credible forecast, monitor execution and adjust their supply chains to the inevitable changes that occur. We are delivering on our promise to connect the entire supply chain and operate it from one place in the cloud. We invite everyone to come see this vision become a reality at the Gartner Supply Chain Executive Conference,” said E2open CEO Michael Farlekas. Harmony at the 2017 Gartner Supply Chain Executive Conference During the 2017 Gartner Supply Chain Executive Conference taking place May 23-25 in Phoenix, E2open executives will be sharing additional details and showing the power of Harmony in your supply chain. Please stop by E2open booth #409 to learn more. E2open is a premier sponsor of the Gartner Supply Chain Executive Conference, the world’s most important gathering of supply chain leaders. For more information, visit: http://www.gartner.com/events/na/supply-chain. About E2open E2open is the one place, in the cloud, to run your supply chain. Powered by the world’s largest direct business network and a broad portfolio of next generation solutions, E2open enables the world’s largest and most complex supply chains to better plan, execute and collaborate. We understand supply chain. Bring us your challenges and E2open will deliver better outcomes. e2open.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Dust Control Market to Spread a Predictable Worth of US$ 17.41 Billion by 2024 – Persistence Market Research Next PostNext New Herefish and Bullhorn Research Finds Proactively Engaging Candidates Could Help Combat the Talent Shortage Search Recent Posts North America Micro Balance Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Compressor Control Systems Market Enjoys Strong First Quarter Compressor Control Systems Market Enjoys Strong First Quarter Allergy Rhinitis Drugs Market Expected To Observer Major Growth By 2021 Allergy Rhinitis Drugs Market Expected To Observer Major Growth By 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman E2open Unveils Harmony – The One Place in the Cloud to Operate the Connected Supply Chain AUSTIN, Texas–(BUSINESS WIRE)–E2open today announces the availability of Harmony as a part of its 17.2 Product Release. Release highlights also include On-Time In-Full functionality for Walmart’s suppliers, robust transaction searches, enhanced security, and powerful scenario planning. Orchestrating the supply chain continues to challenge even the best run companies. While the physical supply chain has always been connected, the software tools that enable decision-making and execution are fragmented and disconnected making it increasingly difficult to match supply with demand. Legacy applications continue to sub-optimize the supply chain, forcing companies to build siloed organizations that use manual processes to bridge the gap. Bloated lead times, high inventory, frequent expedites, and lower customer satisfaction are the symptoms of this problem. Compressed cycle times, increased customer expectations, and the use of external specialists make end-to-end operation of the extended supply chain essential but increasingly complex. Harmony eliminates these siloes so the enterprises can operate as one connected supply chain. E2open’s vision is to orchestrate the end-to-end supply chain for the world’s best companies. Today, E2open takes a major step toward that vision with its latest innovation – Harmony. Harmony synchronizes the entire supply chain – from raw material to final consumption, all from one platform regardless of role or company involved. State-of-the-art cloud connectivity enables Harmony to connect, collect, and normalize information across the entire supply chain in real time. Machine learning, self-tuning algorithms use this timely and accurate information to automate decisions from one end of the supply chain to the other. Real-time visibility and collaborative workflows allow the enterprise and its partners to work together to rapidly adjust to changes. Plans and decisions are of little value if they cannot be executed by a connected digital supply chain. Harmony provides the connection between planning and execution to choreograph decisions across the extended supply chain allowing all participants to operate using the “same version of the truth.” To learn more about Harmony, visit: http://info.e2open.com/harmony-release.html. “Ease of use, performance, and productivity is built into the DNA of Harmony. We interviewed clients operating the world’s best supply chains in order to understand the tools they need to be more effective. We used a collaborative design process across the globe, across industries, and across functional disciplines, coupled it with leading-edge technology to develop Harmony. Our clients believe Harmony will dramatically increase their effectiveness,” said Pawan Joshi, Senior Vice President for Products and Strategy at E2open. “In addition to Harmony, E2open’s 17.2 release delivers capabilities across our entire product portfolio including On-Time In-Full (OTIF) capabilities per Walmart’s guidelines, enhanced scenario planning capabilities, as well as ongoing security enhancements for E2net-based connectivity,” he added. “Harmony will make us all re-think traditional supply chain management and operations. The ability to connect, collaborate, sense, plan, and execute across the entire supply chain will allow enterprises to operate to a credible forecast, monitor execution and adjust their supply chains to the inevitable changes that occur. We are delivering on our promise to connect the entire supply chain and operate it from one place in the cloud. We invite everyone to come see this vision become a reality at the Gartner Supply Chain Executive Conference,” said E2open CEO Michael Farlekas. Harmony at the 2017 Gartner Supply Chain Executive Conference During the 2017 Gartner Supply Chain Executive Conference taking place May 23-25 in Phoenix, E2open executives will be sharing additional details and showing the power of Harmony in your supply chain. Please stop by E2open booth #409 to learn more. E2open is a premier sponsor of the Gartner Supply Chain Executive Conference, the world’s most important gathering of supply chain leaders. For more information, visit: http://www.gartner.com/events/na/supply-chain. About E2open E2open is the one place, in the cloud, to run your supply chain. Powered by the world’s largest direct business network and a broad portfolio of next generation solutions, E2open enables the world’s largest and most complex supply chains to better plan, execute and collaborate. We understand supply chain. Bring us your challenges and E2open will deliver better outcomes. e2open.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SOAP Clinical Research Presentations Prove the Benefits of RIVANNA Spinal Navigation System Next PostNext Frequency Converters Market | Outlook Research Report 2016-2023 Release By DecisionDatabases Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman E2open Unveils Harmony – The One Place in the Cloud to Operate the Connected Supply Chain AUSTIN, Texas–(BUSINESS WIRE)–E2open today announces the availability of Harmony as a part of its 17.2 Product Release. Release highlights also include On-Time In-Full functionality for Walmart’s suppliers, robust transaction searches, enhanced security, and powerful scenario planning. Orchestrating the supply chain continues to challenge even the best run companies. While the physical supply chain has always been connected, the software tools that enable decision-making and execution are fragmented and disconnected making it increasingly difficult to match supply with demand. Legacy applications continue to sub-optimize the supply chain, forcing companies to build siloed organizations that use manual processes to bridge the gap. Bloated lead times, high inventory, frequent expedites, and lower customer satisfaction are the symptoms of this problem. Compressed cycle times, increased customer expectations, and the use of external specialists make end-to-end operation of the extended supply chain essential but increasingly complex. Harmony eliminates these siloes so the enterprises can operate as one connected supply chain. E2open’s vision is to orchestrate the end-to-end supply chain for the world’s best companies. Today, E2open takes a major step toward that vision with its latest innovation – Harmony. Harmony synchronizes the entire supply chain – from raw material to final consumption, all from one platform regardless of role or company involved. State-of-the-art cloud connectivity enables Harmony to connect, collect, and normalize information across the entire supply chain in real time. Machine learning, self-tuning algorithms use this timely and accurate information to automate decisions from one end of the supply chain to the other. Real-time visibility and collaborative workflows allow the enterprise and its partners to work together to rapidly adjust to changes. Plans and decisions are of little value if they cannot be executed by a connected digital supply chain. Harmony provides the connection between planning and execution to choreograph decisions across the extended supply chain allowing all participants to operate using the “same version of the truth.” To learn more about Harmony, visit: http://info.e2open.com/harmony-release.html. “Ease of use, performance, and productivity is built into the DNA of Harmony. We interviewed clients operating the world’s best supply chains in order to understand the tools they need to be more effective. We used a collaborative design process across the globe, across industries, and across functional disciplines, coupled it with leading-edge technology to develop Harmony. Our clients believe Harmony will dramatically increase their effectiveness,” said Pawan Joshi, Senior Vice President for Products and Strategy at E2open. “In addition to Harmony, E2open’s 17.2 release delivers capabilities across our entire product portfolio including On-Time In-Full (OTIF) capabilities per Walmart’s guidelines, enhanced scenario planning capabilities, as well as ongoing security enhancements for E2net-based connectivity,” he added. “Harmony will make us all re-think traditional supply chain management and operations. The ability to connect, collaborate, sense, plan, and execute across the entire supply chain will allow enterprises to operate to a credible forecast, monitor execution and adjust their supply chains to the inevitable changes that occur. We are delivering on our promise to connect the entire supply chain and operate it from one place in the cloud. We invite everyone to come see this vision become a reality at the Gartner Supply Chain Executive Conference,” said E2open CEO Michael Farlekas. Harmony at the 2017 Gartner Supply Chain Executive Conference During the 2017 Gartner Supply Chain Executive Conference taking place May 23-25 in Phoenix, E2open executives will be sharing additional details and showing the power of Harmony in your supply chain. Please stop by E2open booth #409 to learn more. E2open is a premier sponsor of the Gartner Supply Chain Executive Conference, the world’s most important gathering of supply chain leaders. For more information, visit: http://www.gartner.com/events/na/supply-chain. About E2open E2open is the one place, in the cloud, to run your supply chain. Powered by the world’s largest direct business network and a broad portfolio of next generation solutions, E2open enables the world’s largest and most complex supply chains to better plan, execute and collaborate. We understand supply chain. Bring us your challenges and E2open will deliver better outcomes. e2open.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SOAP Clinical Research Presentations Prove the Benefits of RIVANNA Spinal Navigation System Next PostNext Frequency Converters Market | Outlook Research Report 2016-2023 Release By DecisionDatabases Posted on 15 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman E2open Unveils Harmony – The One Place in the Cloud to Operate the Connected Supply Chain AUSTIN, Texas–(BUSINESS WIRE)–E2open today announces the availability of Harmony as a part of its 17.2 Product Release. Release highlights also include On-Time In-Full functionality for Walmart’s suppliers, robust transaction searches, enhanced security, and powerful scenario planning. Orchestrating the supply chain continues to challenge even the best run companies. While the physical supply chain has always been connected, the software tools that enable decision-making and execution are fragmented and disconnected making it increasingly difficult to match supply with demand. Legacy applications continue to sub-optimize the supply chain, forcing companies to build siloed organizations that use manual processes to bridge the gap. Bloated lead times, high inventory, frequent expedites, and lower customer satisfaction are the symptoms of this problem. Compressed cycle times, increased customer expectations, and the use of external specialists make end-to-end operation of the extended supply chain essential but increasingly complex. Harmony eliminates these siloes so the enterprises can operate as one connected supply chain. E2open’s vision is to orchestrate the end-to-end supply chain for the world’s best companies. Today, E2open takes a major step toward that vision with its latest innovation – Harmony. Harmony synchronizes the entire supply chain – from raw material to final consumption, all from one platform regardless of role or company involved. State-of-the-art cloud connectivity enables Harmony to connect, collect, and normalize information across the entire supply chain in real time. Machine learning, self-tuning algorithms use this timely and accurate information to automate decisions from one end of the supply chain to the other. Real-time visibility and collaborative workflows allow the enterprise and its partners to work together to rapidly adjust to changes. Plans and decisions are of little value if they cannot be executed by a connected digital supply chain. Harmony provides the connection between planning and execution to choreograph decisions across the extended supply chain allowing all participants to operate using the “same version of the truth.” To learn more about Harmony, visit: http://info.e2open.com/harmony-release.html. “Ease of use, performance, and productivity is built into the DNA of Harmony. We interviewed clients operating the world’s best supply chains in order to understand the tools they need to be more effective. We used a collaborative design process across the globe, across industries, and across functional disciplines, coupled it with leading-edge technology to develop Harmony. Our clients believe Harmony will dramatically increase their effectiveness,” said Pawan Joshi, Senior Vice President for Products and Strategy at E2open. “In addition to Harmony, E2open’s 17.2 release delivers capabilities across our entire product portfolio including On-Time In-Full (OTIF) capabilities per Walmart’s guidelines, enhanced scenario planning capabilities, as well as ongoing security enhancements for E2net-based connectivity,” he added. “Harmony will make us all re-think traditional supply chain management and operations. The ability to connect, collaborate, sense, plan, and execute across the entire supply chain will allow enterprises to operate to a credible forecast, monitor execution and adjust their supply chains to the inevitable changes that occur. We are delivering on our promise to connect the entire supply chain and operate it from one place in the cloud. We invite everyone to come see this vision become a reality at the Gartner Supply Chain Executive Conference,” said E2open CEO Michael Farlekas. Harmony at the 2017 Gartner Supply Chain Executive Conference During the 2017 Gartner Supply Chain Executive Conference taking place May 23-25 in Phoenix, E2open executives will be sharing additional details and showing the power of Harmony in your supply chain. Please stop by E2open booth #409 to learn more. E2open is a premier sponsor of the Gartner Supply Chain Executive Conference, the world’s most important gathering of supply chain leaders. For more information, visit: http://www.gartner.com/events/na/supply-chain. About E2open E2open is the one place, in the cloud, to run your supply chain. Powered by the world’s largest direct business network and a broad portfolio of next generation solutions, E2open enables the world’s largest and most complex supply chains to better plan, execute and collaborate. We understand supply chain. Bring us your challenges and E2open will deliver better outcomes. e2open.com CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious SOAP Clinical Research Presentations Prove the Benefits of RIVANNA Spinal Navigation System Next PostNext Frequency Converters Market | Outlook Research Report 2016-2023 Release By DecisionDatabases Search Recent Posts North America Micro Balance Market to witness Impressive Growth: by Market Size and Revenue by 2022 Compressor Control Systems Market Enjoys Strong First Quarter Compressor Control Systems Market Enjoys Strong First Quarter Allergy Rhinitis Drugs Market Expected To Observer Major Growth By 2021 Allergy Rhinitis Drugs Market Expected To Observer Major Growth By 2021 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
Classifieds| Real Estate| Jobs| Autos| Public Notices| Special Sections| Deals & Coupons News and weather for: [change] Nation Tuesday, May 16, 2017    Last update: 2 a.m. News| The Point| Business| Next| Sports| Outdoors| Homestead| Food| Events| Opinion| Obituaries| Maine Focus News from your community: State | Aroostook | Augusta | Bangor | Down East | Hancock | Lewiston-Auburn | Mid-Maine | Midcoast | Penobscot | Piscataquis | Portland New England school punishes twins for hair braid extensions. Their parents say it’s racial discrimination. Print Email Share Tweet Courtesy of the Cook family Aaron Cook (left), Mya and Deanna Cook, 15, and Colleen Cook (right). By Katie Mettler, Washington Post Posted May 15, 2017, at 8:47 a.m. As white parents of five black children, Deanna and Aaron Cook have taught their family to grow thick skin. They’ve endured odd looks at the grocery store in Malden, Massachusetts, and ignored strange comments from Wal-Mart greeters. But nothing, Aaron Cook told The Washington Post, quite prepared them for the month-long battle they’ve been fighting with the Mystic Valley Regional Charter School over their daughters’ hair. On April 14, twins Deanna and Mya Cook, 15, told their parents they wanted to have their hair professionally braided. The girls had always braided it themselves or had it chemically straightened, but as teens they were learning more about black culture and wanted to try something new. Soon after, they went to school with long, braided hair. The next day, the girls were called to the office for a “uniform infraction.” Hair extensions are prohibited in the public charter school’s student handbook, alongside nail polish, makeup and dyed hair because it is “distracting.” An administrator told Deanna and Mya that their new braids — which combine artificial hair with their own hair — violated that rule. The girls were instructed to remove their braids and they refused. The policy, they argued, was discriminatory against African-American students and unevenly enforced. With each day since, punishments from the school have escalated, Aaron Cook said, so much so that he and his wife eventually sought guidance from the NAACP, the Anti-Defamation League and the American Civil Liberties Union. Deanna, a runner who qualified for the state finals, has been kicked off the school track team. Mya was removed from the softball team and told she couldn’t attend the prom. Last week, the fourth in turmoil, ended with the girls on the local news and sharp statements of support from the state association of charter schools, the ADL and the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights and Economic Justice. “Denying young black women their opportunity to express their cultural identity will not make the school safer, more orderly, or less ‘distracting,’” the committee said in a statement. “It will diminish your students, and diminish your ranks. Doing this to high school students at a time when they are learning about self-expression and self-advocacy is particularly troubling.” In response, Interim School Director Alexander Dan sent a letter to all Mystic Valley parents defending the policy. The charter school, the letter said, “promotes equity” with dress code policies that reduce “visible gaps between those of different means.” “The specific prohibition on hair extensions, which are expensive and could serve as a differentiating factor between students from dissimilar socioeconomic backgrounds, is consistent with our desire to create such an educational environment, one that celebrates all that our students have in common and minimizes material differences and distractions,” Dan wrote. “Any suggestion that it is based on anything else is simply wrong.” Cook declined to disclose how much the family paid for the professional braiding, but said the actual bag of artificial hair was only five dollars. According to an analysis by the Boston Globe, hair extensions woven into braids in the greater Boston area can cost between $50 to $200 and last up to three months. That price, Cook told The Post, is no more expensive than the chemical straightening Deanna and Mya had previously done and on par with the price of other hairstyles. Frustrated students at the school Friday told the Boston Globe that they had experienced racial ignorance at the school, which is located about 10 miles north of Boston. The student body is fairly diverse, which is part of the reason the Cooks chose it years ago for their five adopted children. Of the 1,500 students there in grades K-12, 43 percent are people of color and within that, 17 percent are black, according to numbers from U.S. News and World Report. But just one of the 170 teachers and staffers at Mystic Valley is black, reported the Boston Globe, and Cook said there are no African Americans on the school’s board of trustees. “That has to change,” he told The Post. Cook added: “The school needs some serious diversity training.” Other young women of color have worn their hair in braided extensions before, but the Cooks claim there was a crackdown on students after spring break of this year. Another mother at the school, Annette Namuddu, told the Globe that her daughter was assigned a detention for wearing braids to school. When she refused to remove them, the detention turned into a suspension. “It’s discrimination,” Namuddu said. “I see white kids with colored hair and you are not supposed to color your hair, and they walk around like it’s nothing.” Another mother, Kathy Granderson, told the Globe her daughter was among about 20 girls who were called to the office and asked if they wore “fake” hair. Half were assigned detentions. The Cook sisters served detention time but then quit going. Now, the punishments for their insubordination are piling up. On Friday, they were sent home with another letter saying they each had to serve six hours of detention to make up for the sessions they missed. Aaron Cook said he and his wife sent a formal letter to the board of trustees two weeks ago asking for a solution and have yet to get a response. If it were up to him, Cook said he would pull his kids from the school. But the twins have attended Mystic Valley since kindergarten and want to graduate alongside their friends. So now, the goal is to change the policy and hold the school accountable, he said. “In effect, this issue is now bigger than my daughters,” Cook said. “At the end of this, we want a better school for our children.”   SEE COMMENTS → News Blogs Living Sports Opinion Jordan’s Snack Bar up for sale Evidence in welfare fraud case may have been forged, attorney says After this massacre, Portland was abandoned for 26 years Trump revealed highly classified information to Russians, officials say Maine man sentenced to 14 years in prison after traveling to Massachusetts to sexually assault Maine press needs to make truth louder than LePage lies Venezuela: Drifting toward civil war Statewide teacher contract would help rural Maine Trump’s review of ‘election integrity’ threatens to formalize voter suppression How the chaotic Trump news cycle confuses and misinforms the public Former UMaine star earns coaching promotion at Boston University Warriors rally to win opener after Spurs lose Leonard High School Football: Scheduling Done Right in 2017 Update On Marine Corp Purple Heart Recipient from Episode 82 UMaine overcame multiple setbacks in drive to softball title game ACADIA ON MY MIND Acadia among 200 federal advisory committees abruptly suspended by Trump Administration BDN PORTLAND After this massacre, Portland was abandoned for 26 years THE DAILY SIMMER The Family Dog in Orono changes ownership, retains menu; new owner will sell food trucks LANCE DUTSON Maine press needs to make truth louder than LePage lies THE BDN BUZZ Woman sues Confederate group after Sir Camelot the camel bit her at Jefferson Davis’ old house The Family Dog in Orono changes ownership, retains menu; new owner will sell food trucks Miss USA calls health care a ‘privilege,’ sparks debate during pageant How kelp might save the planet As the world spins, here Downeast we wait and wait some more Giving Our Children the World Top Stories Jordan’s Snack Bar up for sale Trail cams capture unseen magic of wildlife in Maine’s woods Trump revealed highly classified information to Russians, officials say Evidence in welfare fraud case may have been forged, attorney says Already financially stressed, Maine caregivers fear Medicaid cuts in AHCA Similar Articles 8.24.2011 What's stopping successful charter schools from expanding? 5.22.2013 Do charter schools work? 5.29.2011 The charter school solution: The best — or worst — idea ever? 8.30.2014 Big bills from virtual school raise tensions with Maine school districts 12.3.2010 Tame the winter mane: How to end static, dry scalp and snapping strands More in Nation   On the campaign trail, Trump was very worried about revealing America’s secrets   Trump revealed highly classified information to Russians, officials say   A congressman said making a man get maternity insurance was ‘crazy.’ A woman’s reply went viral.   Angus King: Voting equipment could see ‘sophisticated cyberattacks’ from Russia   Wal-Mart accused of discriminating against thousands of pregnant women Bangor Daily News Archives News Business Sports Outdoors Homestead TV Listings Obituaries Things to Do Custom Publications Weather Storm Cancellations About Us BDN History BDN 120 Years Contact Us Purchase Photos Newspapers in Education Terms of Service Privacy Policy Subscribe Subscribe to the BDN Create BDN Maine Account Manage Your Account Newsletter Sign-up RSS Sales and Marketing Online Advertising and Digital Marketing Solutions Online Advertising Staff Directory Print Advertising Print Advertising Staff Directory Classifieds Custom Publications and The Weekly Creative Services-Guide to Sending Files BDN Maine Events on Facebook On Facebook The Bangor Daily News Midcoast Portland Aroostook Downeast Hancock Katahdin and Lincoln Lakes Region Food Outdoors Maine Families BDN Blogs Editorial and Opinion Maine Sports High School Sports On Twitter @bangordailynews @bdnpolitics @bdnmaineblogs @bdnmainefocus
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2776 comments Featured Guns U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 New 1911 Pistols For 2017 6:01 PM 04/28/2017 Gun Test: SIG Sauer P225-A1 5:58 PM 04/27/2017 Gun Test: Smith & Wesson M&P45 Shield 5:34 PM 04/21/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
News TV TOWIE Loose Women This Morning EastEnders Coronation Street Emmerdale Hollyoaks Pics Lifestyle Beauty Fashion Fit Horoscopes On The Beach Features Mum & Baby Movies Books Theatre Music Win! Competitions The Health Lottery Games Shop Subscribe More Search Become A Fan Follow Us News TV Loose Women This Morning EastEnders Coronation Street Emmerdale Hollyoaks TOWIE Pics Lifestyle Beauty Fashion Fit Horoscopes On The Beach Beauty Awards Features Mum & Baby Stephanie Davis baby blog Movies Books Theatre Music Win! The Health Lottery Competitions Games Shop Subscribe Home > Celebrity news > Kylie Jenner’s ‘boyfriend’ Travis Scott arrested for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct at concert in Arkansas 0 Kylie Jenner’s ‘boyfriend’ Travis Scott arrested for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct at concert in Arkansas KYLIE Jenner’s rumoured boyfriend Travis Scott has been arrested for a string of offences while performing in the US. By Tina Campbell Monday, May 15, 2017 Kylie Jenner's reported boyfriend Travis Scott was arrested at his concert in Arkansas on May 12 [Wenn] The rapper, 25, was led off stage at the end of his show on May 13 in handcuffs by police when several people were injured at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavillion in Rogers after Travis ”encouraged" fans to rush to the stage and bypass normal security protocols. A security guard and a police officer were among those who received medical. He was taken to Benton County Jail where he was booked with disorderly conduct and endangering the welfare of a minor after performing at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavillion in Rogers, TMZ reported.  Several people were injured at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavillion in Rogers after Travis Scott 'encouraged' fans to rush the stage [Instagram] Travis – real name Jacques Webster – was released without bail around 11:30pm and will need to return to Arkansas at a future date to appear in court. This is not the first time that he has been in trouble with the law. He faced similar charges in 2015 after telling crowds at Lollapalooza in Chicago to “rush the stage”. It comes after reports that Travis and Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Kylie, 19, have decided to take their relationship to the next level. Kylie Jenner through the years Monday, October 05, 2015 1 / 24 Play slideshow Kylie Jenner through the years Monday, October 05, 2015 1 / 24 Play slideshow Kylie and Kendall Jenner pose with their big sis Kim Kardashian [Kylie Jenner/Instagram] From adorable baby photos to her red-carpet debut, Caitlyn Jenner's daughter has transformed in front of our very eyes Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott have reportedly decided to take their relationship to the next level [Wenn] The pair were first spotted holding hands together at the Coachella music festival last month and have spent an increasing amount of time with each other ever since. A source said: "It's serious enough they're not just partying together, but Kylie's actually met his family. "They've been all over the country together – getting some quality time in Miami, celebrating Travis' birthday in NYC, plus LA and Houston. "It's all been nothing but good vibes and zero drama," they added to TMZ. Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott have been spending an increasing amount of time with each other [Instagram] "Travis is telling friends that he and Kylie are the real deal,” an insider added to Us Weekly. Related Little Boy Blue: Rhys Jones' killers laugh ... 'I'd love to act!' Alesha Dixon is quizzed ... Daniel Brocklebank reveals Coronoation ... Mark shares intimate snap of wife Michelle Kylie Jenner fully embraces 'plastic' life Kim Kardashian hits out at 'bully' Khloe MORE STORIES VIDEO PICS Click Here Kylie – who is set to star in her own reality TV show Life Of Kylie – split from on/off boyfriend of two years Tyga, 27, in March. Goosebumps hit-maker Travis – real name Jacques Webster – previously dated Rihanna, 29, for a year but alleged that she cheated on him with fellow rapper Drake, 30. latest celebrity pics Cara De La Hoyde reveals baby bump BACK TO TOP MORE STORIES HOME NEWS TV PICS MUM & BABY LIFESTYLE MOVIES WIN! SHOP FUN THE HEALTH LOTTERY JACKPOT MILLIONS Subscribe to OK! Magazine Advertise at OK! Contact OK! Syndication & Licensing RSS Feeds Sitemap Archive Instagram YouTube OK! Bulgaria OK! China OK! Cyprus OK! Czech Republic OK! Georgia OK! Germany OK! Greece OK! Japan OK! Latvia OK! Mongolia OK! Pakistan OK! Romania OK! Russia OK! Slovakia OK! Thailand OK! United Kingdom OK! Venezuela Copyright ©2017 Northern & Shell Plc. OK! is a registered trade mark of Northern & Shell Worldwide Limited and is used under licence by Northern & Shell Plc. By viewing this site you agree to our Terms & Conditions, Privacy Policy and Cookies. By continuing to use the site, you agree to the use of cookies. You can find out more by following this link. YES, I AGREE
2 Desktop notifications are on   | Turn off Get breaking news alerts from The Washington Post Turn on desktop notifications? Yes Not now It looks like you've previously blocked notifications. Please update your browser permissions to allow them. Democracy Dies in Darkness Sections Subscribe Username Sign In Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Account Profile Newsletters & Alerts Gift Subscriptions Contact Us Help Desk Subscribe Home Page U.S. & World | Regional Politics PowerPost The Fix White House Courts and Law Polling Monkey Cage Fact Checker Post Politics Blog Opinions The Post's View Toles Cartoons Telnaes Animations Local Opinions Global Opinions Letters to the Editor Act Four All Opinions Are Local Book Party Compost Erik Wemple Five Myths In Theory The Plum Line PostEverything PostPartisan Rampage Right Turn The Watch Volokh Conspiracy DemocracyPost Sports Redskins NFL MLB NBA NHL AllMetSports Soccer Boxing/MMA College Sports College Football College Basketball D.C. Sports Bog Early Lead Fancy Stats Golf Tennis Fantasy Sports Local D.C. Maryland Virginia Public Safety Education Obituaries Transportation Weather Retropolis National Acts of Faith Health and Science National Security Investigations Morning Mix Post Nation True Crime Obituaries World Africa The Americas Asia and Pacific Europe Middle East National Security WorldViews Checkpoint Business Wonkblog On Leadership Personal Finance Digger Energy and Environment Markets On Small Business World Business Capital Business Tech Innovations The Switch Lifestyle Arts and Entertainment Advice Carolyn Hax Food Travel Wellness Magazine Home and Garden Inspired Life Fashion KidsPost On Parenting Reliable Source The Intersect Solo-ish Entertainment Books Comics Comic Riffs Going Out Guide Horoscopes Movies Museums Music Puzzles and Games Theater and Dance TV Restaurants Bars & Clubs Crosswords Video World Top News Entertainment Local Popular Video Politics Live Sports Opinions National Business Technology Style Newsletters & Alerts Podcasts Cape Up Can He Do That? Presidential Sports Photography In Sight Washington Post Live Events Live Chats Real Estate Rentals Where We Live Recently Sold Homes Cars Jobs Classifieds Partners Express Parade WP BrandStudio washingtonpost.com 1996-2017 The Washington Post Terms of Service Privacy Policy Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Share on Google Plus Share via Email Share on LinkedIn Share on Pinterest Share on Tumblr Resize Text Print Article Comments300+ The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it Morning Mix Mass. school punishes twins for hair braid extensions. Their parents say it’s racial discrimination. The inside track on Washington politics. Be the first to know about new stories from PowerPost. Sign up to follow, and we’ll e-mail you free updates as they’re published. You’ll receive free e-mail news updates each time a new story is published. You’re all set! Sign up *Invalid email address Got it Got it By Katie Mettler By Katie Mettler May 15 at 4:14 AM Follow @kemettler Aaron and Colleen Cook with their twin daughters Mya and Deanna Cook, 15. (Courtesy the Cook family) As white parents of five black children, Deanna and Aaron Cook have taught their family to grow thick skin. They’ve endured odd looks at the grocery store in Malden, Mass., and ignored strange comments from Walmart greeters. But nothing, Aaron Cook told The Washington Post, quite prepared them for the month-long battle they’ve been fighting with the Mystic Valley Regional Charter School over their daughters’ hair. On April 14, twins Deanna and Mya Cook, 15, told their parents they wanted to have their hair professionally braided. The girls had always braided it themselves or had it chemically straightened, but as teens they were learning more about black culture and wanted to try something new. Soon after, they went to school with long, braided hair. The next day, the girls were called to the office for a “uniform infraction.” Hair extensions are prohibited in the public charter school’s student handbook, alongside nail polish, makeup and dyed hair because it is “distracting.” An administrator told Deanna and Mya that their new braids — which combine artificial hair with their own hair — violated that rule. The girls were instructed to remove their braids and they refused. The policy, they argued, was discriminatory against African American students and unevenly enforced. With each day since, punishments from the school have escalated, Aaron Cook said, so much so that he and his wife eventually sought guidance from the NAACP, the Anti-Defamation League and the American Civil Liberties Union. Deanna, a runner who qualified for the state finals, has been kicked off the school track team. Mya was removed from the softball team and told she couldn’t attend the prom. Last week, the fourth in turmoil, ended with the girls on the local news and sharp statements of support from the state association of charter schools, the ADL and the Lawyers’ Committee for Civil Rights and Economic Justice. “Denying young black women their opportunity to express their cultural identity will not make the school safer, more orderly, or less ‘distracting,’” the committee said in a statement. “It will diminish your students, and diminish your ranks. Doing this to high school students at a time when they are learning about self-expression and self-advocacy is particularly troubling.” In response, the school’s interim director, Alexander Dan, sent a letter to all Mystic Valley parents defending the policy. The charter school, the letter said, “promotes equity” with dress code policies that reduce “visible gaps between those of different means.” “The specific prohibition on hair extensions, which are expensive and could serve as a differentiating factor between students from dissimilar socioeconomic backgrounds, is consistent with our desire to create such an educational environment, one that celebrates all that our students have in common and minimizes material differences and distractions,” Dan wrote. “Any suggestion that it is based on anything else is simply wrong.” Mya and Deanna Cook at Fenway Park in Boston. (Courtesy of the Cook family) Cook declined to disclose how much the family paid for the professional braiding, but said the actual bag of artificial hair was only $5. According to an analysis by the Boston Globe, hair extensions woven into braids in the greater Boston area can cost between $50 and $200 and last up to three months. That price, Cook told The Post, is no more expensive than the chemical straightening Deanna and Mya had previously done and on par with the price of other hairstyles. Frustrated students at the school Friday told the Boston Globe that they had experienced racial ignorance at the school, which is located about 10 miles north of Boston. The student body is fairly diverse, which is part of the reason the Cooks chose it years ago for their five adopted children. Of the 1,500 students there in grades K-12, 43 percent are people of color and within that, 17 percent are black, according to numbers from U.S. News and World Report. But just one of the 170 teachers and staffers at Mystic Valley is black, reported the Boston Globe, and Cook said there are no African Americans on the school’s board of trustees. “That has to change,” he told The Post. Cook added: “The school needs some serious diversity training.” Other young women of color have worn their hair in braided extensions before, but the Cooks claim there was a crackdown on students after spring break of this year. Another mother at the school, Annette Namuddu, told the Globe that her daughter was assigned a detention for wearing braids to school. When she refused to remove them, the detention turned into a suspension. “It’s discrimination,” Namuddu said. “I see white kids with colored hair and you are not supposed to color your hair, and they walk around like it’s nothing.” Another mother, Kathy Granderson, told the Globe her daughter was among about 20 girls who were called to the office and asked if they wore “fake” hair. Half were assigned detentions. Colleen Cook with daughters Deanna, left, and Mya. (Courtesy of the Cook family) The Cook sisters served detention time but then quit going. Now, the punishments for their insubordination are piling up. On Friday, they were sent home with another letter saying they each had to serve six hours of detention to make up for the sessions they missed. Aaron Cook said he and his wife sent a formal letter to the board of trustees two weeks ago asking for a solution and have yet to get a response. If it were up to him, Cook said, he would pull his kids from the school. But the twins have attended Mystic Valley since kindergarten and want to graduate alongside their friends. So now, the goal is to change the policy and hold the school accountable, he said. “In effect, this issue is now bigger than my daughters,” Cook said. “At the end of this, we want a better school for our children.” More from Morning Mix Chicago’s main jail went on lockdown after more than 200 workers absent on Mother’s Day Trump attorney Michael Cohen tweets photo of his college-aged daughter in lingerie Woman sues Confederate group, says a camel bit her at Jefferson Davis’s old house  national morning-mix Dallas shooting updates News and analysis on the deadliest day for police since 9/11. post_newsletter353 follow-dallas false after3th false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters national morning-mix Orlando Shooting Updates News and analysis on the deadliest mass shooting in U.S. history. post_newsletter348 follow-orlando false endOfArticle false Please provide a valid email address. Sign up You’re all set! See all newsletters 300+ Comments  Share on FacebookShare   Share on TwitterTweet Share via Email Katie Mettler is a reporter for The Washington Post's Morning Mix team. She previously worked for the Tampa Bay Times. Follow @kemettler 372 Show Comments Discussion Policy Comments SuperFan Badge SuperFan badge holders consistently post smart, timely comments about Washington area sports and teams. More about badges | Request a badge Culture Connoisseur Badge Culture Connoisseurs consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on the arts, lifestyle and entertainment. More about badges | Request a badge Fact Checker Badge Fact Checkers contribute questions, information and facts to The Fact Checker. More about badges | Request a badge Washingtologist Badge Washingtologists consistently post thought-provoking, timely comments on events, communities, and trends in the Washington area. More about badges | Request a badge Post Writer Badge This commenter is a Washington Post editor, reporter or producer. Post Forum Badge Post Forum members consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on politics, national and international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Weather Watcher Badge Weather Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on climates and forecasts. More about badges | Request a badge World Watcher Badge World Watchers consistently offer thought-provoking, timely comments on international affairs. More about badges | Request a badge Post Contributor Badge This commenter is a Washington Post contributor. Post contributors aren’t staff, but may write articles or columns. In some cases, contributors are sources or experts quoted in a story. More about badges | Request a badge Post Recommended Washington Post reporters or editors recommend this comment or reader post. You must be logged in to report a comment. Sign in here You must be logged in to recommend a comment. Sign in here Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. All comments are posted in the All Comments tab. More about badges Get a badge To pause and restart automatic updates, click "Live" or "Paused". If paused, you'll be notified of the number of additional comments that have come in. Comments our editors find particularly useful or relevant are displayed in Top Comments, as are comments by users with these badges: . Replies to those posts appear here, as well as posts by staff writers. Spam Offensive Disagree Off-Topic Among the criteria for featured comments: likes by users, replies by users, previous history of valuable commenting, and selection by moderators. Facebook Twitter Reddit StumbleUpon Digg Sign up for email updates from the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. You have signed up for the "Confronting the Caliphate" series. ✕ Thank you for signing up You'll receive e-mail when new stories are published in this series. Most Read 1 Scientists have identified the 50-foot creature that washed up on an Indonesian beach 2 The Latest: Trump confident travel ban is lawful 3 Trump attorney Michael Cohen tweets photo of his college-aged daughter in lingerie 4 The painful truth about teeth 5 ‘Just shoot me,’ an armed man told a cop. The officer didn’t — and was fired, lawsuit says. The story must be told. Subscribe to The Washington Post. Subscribe Our Online Games Play right from this page Mahjongg Dimensions Strategy game Spider Solitaire Card game Mahjongg Candy Strategy game Word Wipe Word game national morning-mix Success! Check your inbox for details. Please enter a valid email address You might also like: Sign Up No Thanks See all newsletters washingtonpost.com © 1996-2017 The Washington Post   Help and Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Print Products Terms of Sale Digital Products Terms of Sale Submissions and Discussion Policy RSS Terms of Service Ad Choices Close video player Now Playing Close video player Now Playing Read content from allstate Content from Allstate This content is paid for by an advertiser and published by WP BrandStudio. The Washington Post newsroom was not involved in the creation of this content. Learn more about WP BrandStudio. We went to the source. Here’s what matters to millennials. A state-by-state look at where Generation Y stands on the big issues.
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 16, 2:41 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe Media & CultureEntertainment Travis Scott Arrested For Disorderly Conduct At Concert, Internet Blames Kylie Jenner And Tyga By Shreesha Ghosh @Shreesha_94 On 05/15/17 AT 2:50 AM Close Rapper and producer Travis Scott was arrested Saturday night following a concert at Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion in Rogers, northwest Arkansas, several reports said. People on social media blamed Scott's girlfriend Kylie Jenner and her ex Tyga for the incident although they didn't provide a reason. They also demanded for his release, using the hashtag "#FreeTravisScott" to post on Twitter. Police Department in Rogers said in a Facebook post Sunday the music artist was arrested on charges of inciting a riot, disorderly conduct and endangering the welfare of a minor. The post read: “During the concert Webster encouraged people to rush the stage and bypass the security protocols to ensure concert goer safety. During the rush to the stage several people were injured, including an employee from the security company hired to help monitor and control the crowd, and a member of the police department. The injured subjects were treated at the AMP by members of the Rogers Fire Department and Mercy Medical.” Read: Kendall And Kylie Jenner Relationships: Who Are Their New Boyfriends? The conditions of the injured people have not been released yet. The post also mentioned Scott, whose real name is Jaques Webster, was taken to the Benton County Sheriff's Office. However, a source close to Travis denied the charges and told TMZ Scott saw “available space in the general admission toward the front, so he invited seated guests in the back to come forward. We're told he had no intention of putting anyone in danger.” Scott was booked at the Benton County Detention Center at 11:14 p.m. EDT on Saturday and then released at 11:26 p.m. EDT, a county official told CBS affiliate KFSM. Read: Tyga Caught Flirting With Josie Canseco After Kylie Jenner Celebrates Travis Scott’s Birthday Scott and Jenner’s relationship first came out publicly when they were spotted together at designer Jeremy Scott’s Moschino x Candy Crush party at Coachella in Indio, California earlier in April.  “Kylie and Travis made their way to a private table, where they were joined by friends and enjoyed the deejay,” an insider told People. “After five minutes of being in a very crowded space, Travis got up and left the table, and Kylie followed him out with her friends following close behind her,” the insider added. “[Scott] and Kylie have also been friends for a while and they all hang out,” the insider said. “When she and Tyga are having drama, she tries to make him jealous by hanging out with other guys.” However, it appeared like the couple wanted to flaunt they were together while on a date watching the Houston Rockets play against the Oklahoma City Thunders in Houston, Texas in April. “During his performance, Kylie was hiding in the Rockets’ courtside club anxiously waiting for him to come back to her. Once he got back, they definitely looked like a couple, cuddled up next to each other among her friends,” according to an onlooker who was also present during the game and claimed to have seen Jenner kiss Scott’s neck. This is not the first time Scott was under the spotlight for controversial reasons. He was actually in trouble for the same reason in 2015 at Lollapalooza in Chicago for telling crowds to "rush the stage." Join the Discussion Most Read Newsletter Everything You Need To Know, Right Now Sign up for the newsletter. Subscribe Recommended Business The Price Of Oil And 5 Ways The Cost Could Climb To $100 Just because the oil market remains saturated with crude right now doesn't mean it will stay that way forever. Technology WannaCry Ransomware Shares Code With North Korean Malware The similarity was first discovered by a Google security researcher and echoed by a number of security experts, but they warned similarities do not equate to clear attribution. World Explaining The Universe’s Accelerating Expansion A new theory involving quantum vacuum offers a possible reason that causes the phenomenon, which was first discovered by astronomers in 1998. National Who Gets Aaron Hernandez's Money? The ex-NFL star's fiancée Shayanna Jenkins appeared for an interview with Dr. Phil McGraw where she talked about Hernandez's money. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps Bloomberg Briefs News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Execution & Order Management Data & Content Financial Data Management Integration & Distribution Bloomberg Tradebook Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Bloomberg Technology TV Gadgets With Gurman Digital Defense Studio 1.0 Focus On: Infrastructure Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Brilliant Ideas Politics Global Risk Briefing How We’ll Know if Trump Is Making America Great Again Tracking Trump’s Web of Conflicts GOP’s Health Plan: Tracking Key Changes One Amendment at a Time Kim Jong Un’s Big Nuclear Push Is Closing In on America Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Climate Changed Video Series: Ventures Graphics Billionaires Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Sainsbury Designers Hit Runways as Grocer Dons Skinny Jeans by Sam Chambers @SamChambersDMC More stories by Sam Chambers May 15, 2017, 12:00 AM EDT May 15, 2017, 7:56 AM EDT U.K. supermarket takes search for latest trends across globe Clothing push puts more pressure on Marks & Spencer, Next J Sainsbury Plc, the supermarket that’s been selling Britons their bread and baked beans for more than a century, is looking beyond the grocery aisles for a competitive edge in a tough market, seeking inspiration from the catwalks of Los Angeles and Milan. The retailer has created a team of 30 fashion spotters who scour runways around the world to gain inspiration for its Tu clothing range. By identifying trends like denim frill tunics, which Sainsbury sells for 20 pounds ($26), and two-tone skinny jeans (18 pounds) they’re adding to mounting pressure on the U.K.’s more established apparel sellers, including Marks & Spencer Group Plc and Next Plc. “We decided we needed to compete more with the high street,” Sainsbury’s Commercial Director James Brown said by phone, “both in terms of the pace at which clothing was changing through the season, as well as on our quality and the trends we sell.” While retailers like Wal-Mart Stores Inc., Carrefour SA in France and Tesco Plc and M&S in the U.K. have long sold food and clothing under the same roof, British supermarkets’ apparel offerings have generally focused on low-end items like T-shirts and underwear. Now Sainsbury is moving upmarket with a more stylish approach, seeking to make further inroads into a market where the country’s mainstream fashion chains are struggling amid the rise of online alternatives. “A Sainsbury’s shopper is highly likely to shop at M&S and Next too,” said Maureen Hinton, research director at GlobalData Retail. “Sainsbury’s is producing the sort of ranges you’re likely to see in those shops and they’re both feeling the pinch.” The grocer’s shares rose 0.9 percent to 267 pence as of 12:40 p.m. in London. Shares in M&S and Next fell 1.3 percent and 2 percent, respectively. The most important business stories of the day. Get Bloomberg's daily newsletter. Sign Up Sainsbury’s growing clothing sales offer relief from stagnation in the U.K. grocery business amid incursions from discounters Aldi and Lidl. The company has brought manufacturing closer to home to ensure it can quickly stock the latest trends and struck brand partnerships with the likes of Russell Athletic to ride the “athleisure” wave that has seen sales of sporty fashions surge since the start of the decade. The supermarket has also targeted older, more affluent customers with a premium offering that has been available online since last year and a range of fashions designed by TV presenter Gok Wan. That strategy gives the grocer some differentiation to discount chain Primark, which has a 15.4 percent share of the U.K. clothing market by garments sold, according to Kantar. “If I were running a clothing retailer, I’d be running scared of Primark,” UBS analyst Adam Cochrane said by phone. “On price they’ll match you as low as you go. Sainsbury’s tactic of going a bit more upmarket seems to be working.” Leather Jacket While Sainsbury’s clothing business is still smaller than that of rival supermarkets Asda, owned by Wal-Mart, and Tesco, it’s the only grocer that’s growing its share of the apparel market. Having an insight into the latest international fashion trends is crucial to a business that recently sold out of a 95-pound leather jacket online within a week. “If our buying team are going to be in China, they might stop off in Korea and travel around some of the markets to understand what’s going on there or go to Japan because that’s often a great influence for our autumn ranges,” Brown said. “All trends are relevant for us, but the knack is how we translate those in a way our customers will like.” So far, the signs are positive. With apparel sales of almost 1 billion pounds, Sainsbury is now the U.K.’s 10th-largest clothing retailer by value and sixth-largest by number of garments sold, according to researcher Kantar Worldpanel. Its clothing revenue grew by 4 percent last year, beating a 1 percent rise in the 42.8 billion-pound U.K. market. For the likes of Marks & Spencer and Next, Sainsbury’s gains represent a growing menace at a time when online competitors such as Asos Plc and Boohoo.com Plc are thriving. “Sainsbury’s poses an increasing threat to the high street,” Glen Tooke, fashion analyst at Kantar Worldpanel, said. “There was a stigma about buying your clothes in a supermarket five or ten years ago, but that’s going, if not gone.” Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Most Read Fyre Festival Was Buried Under Millions in Debt Before It Even Began New Wave of Ransom Threats Seen in Unprecedented Attack Man Who Helped Bury Lehman Turns to Saving Troubled Noble This Caribbean Bank Wants Chinese Money No One Else Will Touch Brace for Chaos If U.S. Expands Airline Laptop Ban Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2776 comments Featured Guns U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 New 1911 Pistols For 2017 6:01 PM 04/28/2017 Gun Test: SIG Sauer P225-A1 5:58 PM 04/27/2017 Gun Test: Smith & Wesson M&P45 Shield 5:34 PM 04/21/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
DailyCaller The DC Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Issues Blogs Send a Tip Columnists Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas           DailyCaller   Search:     Home Politics US World Entertainment Sports Business Opinion Outdoors Deals Daily Dealer Wine Club Issues Defense Education Energy Blogs The Mirror DC Trawler Send a Tip Guns and Gear   A gun rights supporter carries his Ruger model SR9 pistol on his hip during a rally in support of the Michigan Open Carry gun law in Romulus, Mich., April 27, 2014. (REUTERS/Rebecca Cook)    Video Released Of Wal-Mart Shopper Tackling Legal Gun Owner [VIDEO] Chuck Ross Reporter 6:35 PM 01/21/2015      Pinterest  Reddit  LinkedIn  WhatsApp     Share         TOP Video footage taken from a Florida Wal-Mart shows a shopper literally jumping the gun. The surveillance footage, released by the Hillsborough County Sheriff’s Office on Wednesday, shows Michael Foster, 43, tackling Clarence Daniels from behind as he was walking into a Brandon, Fla. Wal-Mart on Tuesday. Foster followed Daniels into the store after seeing him exiting his vehicle with a gun holstered under his shirt — which was perfectly legal for the 62-year-old Daniels to do since he holds a concealed weapon license. Nevertheless, Foster tackled Daniels from behind as he entered the store, and put him in a chokehold before taking him to the ground. Witnesses said that Foster yelled out that Daniels had a gun. They also said that Daniels yelled out that he had a license for it. Foster called 911 only after he tackled accosted Daniels. He was arrested and charged with battery. WATCH: Follow Chuck on Twitter YOUR GUN RIGHTS ARE UNDER CONSTANT ATTACK! There has never been a more important time to join the NRA and now Daily Caller readers can enjoy special pricing and benefits. Defend Freedom & Join NRA Today. Tags: Florida Hide Comments   Show 2776 comments Featured Guns U.S. XM17 MHS – It’s The Hollow Points, Stupid 1:49 PM 05/12/2017 101st Airborne Division To Get New M17 Handgun ASAP Despite Legal Challenges 1:29 PM 05/12/2017 CCW Weekend: The Rewards And Challenges Of Carrying A 1911 7:57 AM 05/06/2017 Gun Test: EAA Witness Elite 1911 Polymer Pistol 6:02 PM 05/05/2017 Gun Test: Uberti 1872 Open Top Revolver 6:41 PM 05/04/2017 84 Year Old Indian Woman Is An Incredible Sharpshooter 2:59 PM 05/03/2017 New Revolvers For 2017 1:46 PM 05/03/2017 New 1911 Pistols For 2017 6:01 PM 04/28/2017 Gun Test: SIG Sauer P225-A1 5:58 PM 04/27/2017 Gun Test: Smith & Wesson M&P45 Shield 5:34 PM 04/21/2017 Free News Alerts Privacy: We never share your email Sections Politics US Opinion Entertainment World Business Sports Tech Featured Partners Columns Ann Coulter Ask Matt Labash Matt Lewis The Mirror DC Trawler Ginni Thomas Corporate About Us Advertise With Us Employment Terms Of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ © Copyright 2010 - 2017 | The Daily Caller
Home Magazine This Week's Edition Past Editions Investing Ideas Picks and Pans Mutual Funds/ETFs Hedge Funds Stocks Center Barron's Take Advisor Center Market Data Market Data Center Market Lab Economic Calendar Watchlist Penta Penta Magazine Penta Daily Penta Archives Next sign out Customer Center Newsletters & Alerts What are you searching for? Search Join NowAll Sections Sign InSearch Home Magazine Investing Ideas Advisor Center Market Data Penta Next VIEW ALL SEARCH RESULTS Have feedback on the new design? Reach out to online.editors@barrons.com This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies for distribution to your colleagues, clients or customers visit http://www.djreprints.com. http://www.barrons.com/articles/amazon-v-retail-which-bucket-are-you-in-1494870172 Stocks to Watch Amazon v. Retail: Which Bucket Are You In? With retailers getting hit hard by online, JPMorgan offers a framework to choose between winners and losers. By Ben Levisohn May 15, 2017 1:42 p.m. ET Text Size Regular Medium Large The retail wreck continued last week, as department-store stocks got trashed after releasing earnings. By now, the broad story is well known: More consumers are switching to online to do their shopping, causing severe profitability problems at many brick-and-mortar retailers. But buying Amazon.com (AMZN) and forgetting everything else isn't much of an investment strategy, is it? Illustration: Pixabay With that in mind JPMorgan analyst Christopher Horvers and team offer a framework for thinking about retail, one that involves placing stocks into one of three buckets and trying to figure out where they are heading. They explain: The three buckets of retail: catching the multiple shifts. Broadly we see three buckets of retail stocks: the ever-narrowing group of expensive growth retailers (e.g., Amazon, Home Depot (HD), Lowe's (LOW), Costco Wholesale (COST), Ulta Beauty (ULTA)); the low-growth survivors (e.g., Wal-Mart Stores (WMT), Dick's Sporting Goods (DKS), Best Buy (BBY)); and the margin-oppressed and structurally questionable third bucket. The key is trying to figure out when someone shifts out of one into the other as this generally impacts the multiple. For example, other than Amazon we think the best stock opportunity is in Autoparts, as it has been pushed out of bucket #1 (and we disagree here), while Tractor Supply (TSCO) is grinding its way out currently. The key question to end up in the low-growth survivor bucket is ‘Does the brand maintain a strong category association?’ (as Best Buy regained or Home Depot/Lowe's have not relinquished). It is increasingly clear to us that, in most categories, there will be one large specialty player, mass, and one dominant online player as retailers lap up smaller, less-capitalized, and difficult-to-turn-profitable online-only players, which is happening at an increasing rate (e.g., Chewy.com, One Kings Lane, Hayneedle). Thus, once the margin reckoning is done, the large specialty player(s) that lives ends up being investible as a mature low-growth, cyclical company that put off a lot of cash. As noted, Best Buy and Dick's Sporting Goods are the “living” examples that moved out of the third bucket, and we think Bed Bath & Beyond (BBBY), Michaels (MIK), and Party City Holdco (PRTY) will be at least long-term survivors. For Bed Bath & Beyond, what remains unclear is from what level of profitability. Just be careful when placing those bets. Text Size Regular Medium Large Ben Levisohn ben.levisohn@barrons.com • @Ben_levisohn PREVIOUS Coach: Triple Threat? NEXT Fear of Flying? Dow Gains 100 Points, S&P 500 Trades New High as Oil Gains Most Popular Europe on Sale: Time to Buy Foreign Stocks Nvidia: Take Advantage of Short-Sighted Investor Worries, Says Goldman Bruce Greenwald: Channeling Graham and Dodd 13F Alert: Apple is the Apple of Warren Buffett’s Eye Tech Today: Buffett Buys AAPL, Salesforce On Tap, AMD’s Prospects Latest In Stockstowatchtoday Blog Latest In Stockstowatchtoday Blog Join NowSign In Customer Center Membership Tools Also From Barron's Customer CenterCustomer CenterContact UsLive Help MembershipSubscribe to Barron'sActivate Your Digital AccessCollege Program ToolsEmail NewslettersVideo CenterWatchlist Also From Barron'sAdvertisingConferencesReprints Follow Us Download Barron’s Apps Apple iOSAndroid Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Your Ad Choices Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Copyright 2016 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved This copy is for your personal, non-commercial use only. Distribution and use of this material are governed by our Subscriber Agreement and by copyright law. For non-personal use or to order multiple copies, please contact Dow Jones Reprints at 1-800-843-0008 or visit www.djreprints.com.
The Hollywood Reporter Movies TV Business Style Politics Tech Culture Awards Video Subscribe Newsletters Guardians of the Galaxy 2 Star Wars May 15, 2017 11:16am PT by Graeme McMillan DC Sets 'Wonder Woman Day' Celebration for June 3 Courtesy of DC Entertainment The iconic superhero will be honored across comic book stores, libraries, bookstores and the internet. The first weekend in June will belong to Wonder Woman. Not only does the iconic superhero have her own Warner Bros. movie opening June 2, but DC Entertainment has declared the following day "Wonder Woman Day," with more than 2,000 comic book stores, bookstores and libraries participating in a celebration of the beloved character. DC will partner with outlets including Barnes & Noble, Books-A-Million, Walmart, Costco and Amazon for exclusive in-store and digital promotions, while Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment and Warner Bros. Consumer Products will also push the event. Comic book creators who have worked on the character, including Greg Rucka, Cliff Chiang, Marc Andreyko, Shea Fontana and Cat Staggs, will be participating in special Wonder Woman Day events to talk about their love for Diana, with details to be announced soon. To mark Wonder Woman Day, DC will release two special issues to be given away free by partners — a reprint of the first issue of the current Wonder Woman series by Rucka and Liam Sharp, and DC Super Hero Girls Wonder Woman Day Special Edition, featuring an excerpt of the upcoming third book in Fontana and Yancey Labat's series of young reader graphic novels. Additionally, a Wonder Woman Day Activity Kit, including coloring pages and games, will be released digitally for download. Ahead of June 3, DC's online DC All Access series will launch a weeklong Wonder Woman Week of programming on May 29, highlighting the character's history with interviews with comic book and movie talent. A sale of digital comics centering around the character will also begin on May 30. Wonder Woman Day concludes DC's yearlong celebration of the 75th anniversary of Wonder Woman's first appearance. The hero debuted in 1941's All-Star Comics No. 8. In addition to the release of her first solo movie, June 2017 also marks the 75th anniversary of the first solo Wonder Woman comic book. Graeme McMillan THRnews@thr.com graemem Comments comments powered by Disqus Heat Vision 'Brandy' Songwriter on How 'Guardians of the Galaxy 2' Finally Gave His Hit a Deeper Meaning How 'King Arthur' Was Killed by a Would-Be Franchise 'Guardians of the Galaxy 2' Cinematographer on How Chris Pratt Fixed the Ending The Hollywood Reporter © 2017 The Hollywood Reporter All rights reserved. Terms of Use | Privacy | Sitemap | About Our Ads About Us Login Daily Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Back Issues Advertising Contact Us Careers Industry Jobs Follow Us On Twitter Find Us On Facebook Watch Us On Youtube Our affiliate publications Billboard Vibe Spin Stereogum Death and Taxes
Login Profile Print Edition PageView Flip PDF Get News Updates For local news delivered via email enter address here: Contact Us About Us Advertise Past Issues !!Date!! Browse Archives     Front Page Local Video Sports Obituaries Opinion Classifieds Subscribe Front Page News Local Region Nation Video Sports Obituaries Opinion Community Lifestyles Classifieds Subscribe   Other Publications   Argus Champion Message for the Week 2017-05-16 / Obituaries Tweet Print Pauline B. Glines CLAREMONT — Pauline B. Glines, 73, of Lincoln Heights in Claremont, died Sunday May 14, 2017, at Valley Regional Hospital in Claremont, following a period of failing health. She was born March 27, 1944, in Claremont, the daughter of Norman and Blanche (Dodge) Hunt and had been a longtime Claremont resident. Pauline had been employed at various shoe shops in the area. She later worked at Dorr Woolen Mill in Guild, then as a cashier at Wal-Mart in Claremont. She was member of the Claremont Moose Lodge #1201 and the American Legion Auxiliary, Post #29. Pauline enjoyed camping, fishing, NASCAR racing but above all, enjoyed spending time and visiting with her family. Members of her family include her husband of 44 years, Robert Glines of Claremont; a son, Jonathan Glines and his fiancee, Penny, of Claremont; two grandchildren, Matthew Reed, and Michael Reed; two nephews, Norman Hunt and Truman Hunt Jr., a niece, Caroline Defosse; and several cousins. She was predeceased by a brother, Truman Hunt Sr. Funeral services will be held at 11 a.m. Thursday, May 18, at the Roy Funeral Home, 93 Sullivan St., in Claremont, with the Rev. Janet Lombardo officiating. Interment will follow at Mountain View Cemetery. Friends may call from 6 to 8 p.m. Wednesday, May 17, at the Roy Funeral Home, You are invited to share a memory of Pauline with the family or leave a message of condolence in the family guest book at www.royfuneralhome.com. Arrangements have been entrusted to the Roy Funeral Home and Cremation Service. Return to top Login to post comments Most Viewed Stories Make-a-Wish builds treehouse for Springfield girl Tattoo shop owner and girlfriend arrested on drug charges Springfield's Bladyka earns 200th victory Tweets by eagletimesnh Copyright 2011-2017 Eagle Times, All Rights Reserved Newspaper web site content management software and services
News Sports Entertainment Life Obits E-Edition Cars Jobs Homes Classifieds Weather subscribe Site Site Archive Tractor Supply Co.: 'Soft opening' May 20 Wednesday May 10, 2017 at 12:01 AM Jessica Weston City Editor Jessica_Weston9 The wait is almost over. The Tractor Supply Co. will open its doors for a “soft opening” May 20, to be followed by a grand opening weekend beginning June 3, with 10 percent off all weekend. That was the word from Store Manager Sarah Crist. Crist was welcomed as a Chamber of Commerce member Tuesday with loud applause, then filled everyone in on the latest plans for the store. First off, Crist said, the store's name can be misleading. The store does not actually sell tractors. She said, however, she can special order parts for older tractors (1974 and before) and possibly for newer models as well. The new location, which will take up roughly a third of the old Walmart building, will join over 1,600 Tractor Supply Stores in the US. The company has locations in 49 states, all except Alaska. TSC has a new feature, a pet wash. The Ridgecrest store will be one of only six locations offering this service, according to Crist. “We don't call it a dog wash because if your pet can go on a leash and fit in the tub, [they can use the service],” she said, including animals such as miniature horses, goats and pigs. The cost is around $10 and includes use of a grooming table with a blow dryer. Crist gave a quick verbal tour of the store's inventory. “When you walk into the store you are going to see a major clothing department [with] boots, work boots for men, women and kids, work jeans,” she said. There are sections for dogs, cats, and small animals and an equine section with hoof care and feeds. Another section contains wild bird feed. The store will also offer supplies for livestock, chickens, and even llamas, and alpacas. The back section will have tractor parts and tools, “mowers, wheelbarrows, lots of stuff,” she said. “It's a big store.” She added that a lot of the yard is indoors, allowing for all-weather shopping. Crist said she is excited about working in Ridgecrest and actively sought the opportunity. “I opened a store in Los Angeles and survived and now I am happy I am rural again, living in Ridgecrest,” she said. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Site Services E-Edition RSS Feeds Contact Us Advertise With Us Market Place Classifieds Shopping Mall Community Info Ridgecrest Chamber of Commerce City of Ridgecrest Ridgecrest Area Convention and Visitors Bureau Sister Publications The Gridley Herald Taft Midway Driller Siskiyou Daily News Rocketeer2.com Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. All rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. Ridgecrest Daily Independent - Ridgecrest, CA ~ 224 E. Ridgecrest Blvd., Ridgecrest, CA 93556 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Community Court News Education Police & Fire State News Nation & World Shareable Databases Sports High School Auto Racing Entertainment Books Celebrity News Movies Music TV Guide Calendar Life Faith Family Food Health Home & Garden Pets Travel Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Business Obits Special Sections 2017 Salute Nurses 2017 Create An Ad The Presidency Apr 2017 East Kern 2017 Lifestyles 2017 Bracket Buster 2017 Home Show 2017 Medical How to 2017 How To Guide 2017 IWVEOC Program 2017 Baby Keepsake Jan 2017 East Kern Pearl Harbor Tab Pearl Harbor - Local Small Business Sat Xmas Lights Contest Paint It Pink Tab Red Ribbon Tab 2016 Veteran's Day 2016 Paws & Claws Remembering 9-11 2016 Back to School 2016 East Kern II 2016 East Kern IV RACVB Guide Map 2016 Green Earth 2016 HD Med Directory More Photos Videos Weather Blogs Calendar Contests Branded Content 2016 Perspective Your news Legal Notices Subscriber E-Edition Subscribe Market Place Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Marketplace Propel Marketing Services Advertise With Us Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Indiatimes|The Times of India|The Economic Times : HI, My Times LOGOUTSign In Business More Beauty Pageants Photos Videos More Fashion Specials Debate Photos Videos Platinum Times of India More HomeHome Videos City India World Business Tech Cricket Sports Entertainment TV Life & Style Photos TIMES NEWS - RADIO Elections 2017 Delhi MCD 2017 Brandwire Yearender 2016 Good Governance Business India Business International Business Photos Videos PSUs Sectors Sectors Agriculture Aviation Corporate Economy Energy Markets Personal Finance Real Estate Services Telecom Tax Calculator Small Business More ALL News » Business » India Business News » Relax rules for FDI in food retail, says Harsimrat Kaur Badal Facebook posts $3 bn profit in Q1 H-1B effect: Infosys to hire 10,000 US workers Jio complementary offer not in sync with regulations: Trai SpiceJet 2nd most valued Indian airline Cash withdrawal limits to go from March 13: RBI PM Modi launches digital payments app BHIM IndusInd Q4 net profit up 21% Repo rate unchanged Infosys CEO defends COO's pay Murthy slams Infy COO pay hike Kotak approves fund raising CCI rejects Bayer-Monsanto deal Relax rules for FDI in food retail, says Harsimrat Kaur BadalSidhartha | TNN | May 16, 2017, 07.15 AM IST NEW DELHI: Food processing minister Harsimrat Kaur Badal has made a fresh pitch for relaxing rules for foreign direct investment (FDI) in the food retail business, suggesting that the current norms have resulted in lower-thananticipated interest from companies. The government had allowed 100% FDI in locally-produced and manufactured food products in a bid to encourage domestic industry and farmers, besides cutting down on wastage. The policy was announced in February 2016, but companies such as Amazon, Metro Cash & Carry, Grofers and BigBasket that had sought government nod are yet to get a go-ahead. Major retailers such as Walmart, which had studied the model, have, however, stayed away so far as they want to enter when non-food items are also permitted. The rules will also restrict the ability of a consumer to buy an imported food item from a store that has FDI. In an interview, Badal told TOI that the concern has been flagged by the big retailers and she has raised it with Prime Minister Narendra Modi. "Internationally, it's food plus other related items. Food has very small margins and to open a large outlet requires a lot of investment... That's why I wrote to the PM suggesting that infrastructure is needed at farm gate level for better price realisation and reduce wastage. It can be a sweetener for growth in capital-intensive infrastructure for seasonal produce. So, whatever a retailer invests in the back-end at the farm gate level, a small percentage of that, may be 20%, can be used for stocking other related home products. These goods can also be manufactured in India and will help create jobs." The minister said that there is appreciation for this point of view in the government, partly because of the response. "Over time, not as many people as we thought would enter retail, have come. They are hoping that certain amount of flexibility is given." Badal, however, repeatedly said that there had been a 40% jump in FDI in the food processing sector from around $500 million last year to $785 million so far in the current year and added that the steps taken by her ministry along with an easier policy regime for food retail could result in inflows of around $10 billion in the two segments over the remaining 24 months of the government's current term. The SAD nominee in the Modi government also suggested a new tax policy for beverages that contain 5% juice. PM's call to soft drink makers to have at least 5% juice content in some aerated drinks has prompted global giants such as PepsiCo and Coke to develop new formulations, for which standards have also been put in place. These companies are now awaiting clarity on taxes before the products hit shop shelves. "After the PM said this will impact farmers positively, new formulations have come up. Normally, aerated drinks have around 2% juice content and juices have over 10%. Now, industry says that the tax cannot be the same as aerated drinks but obviously it cannot be at the same level as juices. So, a new tax structure has to be made to promote and encourage it." Under GST, juices are expected to attract around 12% duty, while aerated drinks will face cess beyond 28%. The minister also said that she has made a pitch to finance minister Arun Jaitley to ensure that food products are kept in the lowest tax bracket of 5% to ensure that consumers are not burdened with higher taxes in the GST regime. Stay updated on the go with Times of India News App. Click here to download it for your device. RELATED From around the web Have You Seen These Top Crossover SUVs? Crossover SUV - Sponsored Ads The Most Loyal Dog Breeds You Could Ever Own Frank151 Have You Seen These Top Senior Apartments in Clifton Luxury Senior Apartments - Sponsored Ads More from The Times of India Mustard set to be India's 1st GM food, gets regulator nod Why your brain craves for unhealthy food Triple Talaq: A 10-yr-old ruling may come to SC’s aid From the Web More From The Times of India Tom Cruise's Magnificent Mansion Will Leave You In AweLonny Hilariously Guilty Dog Faces That Will Make Your DayFrank151 The Experiences That Spark Student CreativityMicrosoft Lifestyle Factors That Can Cause EDWebMD Monica Lewinsky's Net Worth Doesn't Make Any SenseKiwi Report Will politics join Rajinikanth? He won’t say yet Meet Arjun Kapoor's real life 'Half Girlfriend' School owner held for raping daughter Indian-American doctor shot dead in Michigan Indian-origin woman kills self over 'abuse by boyfriend' ViewcommentsPost a comment All Comments ()+^ Back to Top Characters Remaining: 3000 Continue without login or Login from existing accountFacebookGoogleEmail Share on FacebookShare on Twitter Refrain from posting comments that are obscene, defamatory or inflammatory, and do not indulge in personal attacks, name calling or inciting hatred against any community. Help us delete comments that do not follow these guidelines by marking them offensive. Let's work together to keep the conversation civil. HIDE+ All CommentsYour Activity SortUpVotedNewestOldestDiscussedDown Voted Be the first one to review. We have sent you a verification email. To verify, just follow the link in the message Follow / Like us at @timesofindia Most Popular Women’s cricket: India openers put on a world record 320-run stand Salve: ICJ denying permission to play Jadhav's video setback to Pak After more shocking charges against AAP, Kapil Mishra faints, is rushed to hospital Guys Are Obsessed With This "007 Inspired" Polo... Ad: The Weekly Brief | Mack Weldon SBI may merge two credit card JVs post GE exit State Bank of India may look at merging the two companies of its credit card joint venture SBI Card after the exit of the foreign partner GE Capital. Vijay Jasuja, CEO, SBI Cards, talks to ET Now on the same. Sensex, Nifty50 hit record closing high The domestic benchmark indices hit fresh record closing highs as low inflation numbers for April raised hopes for RBI rate cut in its next policy meet on June 6-7. From around the Web Who Would Win WWIII? These Are The World's Strongest Conte.. IFLMyLife 30 Car Cleaning Hacks Your Local Cleaners Don't Want You T.. Activly The World Is Taking Notice Of Russias New Super Tank HistoryInOrbit.com What Happened After This Man Taunted A Crocodile Will Shoc.. OMG LANE More From The Times of India SpaceX targets launch of communication satellite Aman Verma's wedding postponed - Times of India Petrol price cut by Rs 2.16 a litre, diesel by Rs 2.10 Read MorewalmartPepsiCoNarendra ModiModiHarsimrat Kaur Badal Navbharat Times Featured Today In Travel From our Global Partners Monsoon, strong macro data lift markets to new highs Wall St banks ask tech cos to align with Trump rhetoric Canada pension board to invest $1.2 billion in IndoSpace JV Majority of firms are still not GST-ready, reveals survey 1Relax rules for FDI in food retail, says Harsimrat Kaur Badal 2Monsoon, strong macro data lift markets to new highs 3Wall St banks ask tech cos to align with Trump rhetoric 4Canada pension board to invest $1.2 billion in IndoSpace JV 5Majority of firms are still not GST-ready, reveals survey Other Times Group news sites The Economic Times Mumbai Mirror IGN India Hindi Econimic Times Times Now I am Gujarat Pune Mirror Tamil Samayam Bangalore Mirror Maharashtra Times Telugu Samayam Ahmedabad Mirror Go Green Miss Kyra ItsMyAscent Lifehacker India Hindi News Education Times Gizmodo India FILMIPOP Hindi Brand Capital Eisamay Indiatimes Gujarati Econimic Times Vijaya Karnataka Malayalam Samayam Times Food Living and entertainment iDiva MensXP.com Femina Entertainment Grazia Zoom Travel Destinations Filmipop Luxpresso Smartapp Bombay Times Cricbuzz.com Filmfare Online Songs top trends Live: Kulbhushan Jadhav case Live: PM Modi in MP ICSE 10th Result 2017 Kapil Mishra RBSE 12th Result 2017 Kulbhushan Jadhav case RBSE Class 12 Result XXX Return of Xander Cage Baahubali Box Office RBSE Results 2017 TV Shows Sunny Leone Photos services Ads 2 Book Bank Exam App iTimes Entertainment App ET Money Finance App Coupon Duniya Dineout Mobile Recharge Magic Bricks Techgig Times Jobs Bollywood News Times Mobile Zigwheels Remit 2 India TC Next Bikes in India Used Cars Astro Speak Simply Marry GadgetsNow itimes Popular Categories Headlines Sports News Business News India News World News Bollywood News Health & Fitness Tips Indian TV Shows Celebrity Photos hot on the web Cyber attack Aam Aadmi Party PM Modi Breaking News Sunny Leone Photos Baahubali 2 Collection Health & Fitness Tips Rangoli Designs Best Mehndi Designs Trending topics OBOR IPL 2017 IPL Schedule 2017 IPL Points Table xXx Sensex Yeh Hai Mohabbatein Kumkum Bhagya How to Get Pregnant Follow us on facebook twitter google+ rss feed youtube download toi app android iphone BlackBerry ipad windows phone About us Create Your Own Ad Terms of Use and Grievance Redressal Policy Privacy policy Advertise with us RSS Newsletter Feedback ePaper Sitemap Archives Copyright © 2017 Bennett, Coleman & Co. Ltd. All rights reserved. For reprint rights: Times Syndication Service `
View Issue Subscribe View Issue Subscribe View Issue Subscribe Golden Throne Podcasts Newcomer’s Guide Magazines Subscribe Leave Us Feedback News Food Entertainment Home Health Business Weddings Neighborhood Guides Let’s Make Dallas Even Better Commercial Real Estate How This ‘Urban In-Fill’ Project Is Showing Transition The development is impacting an East Dallas neighborhood. By Glenn Hunter Published in D CEO May 2017 Twenty-one months after the new East Dallas shopping center was announced, its site at the northwest corner of Northwest Highway and Abrams Road remains a rough-looking expanse of weeds, broken glass, cracked asphalt, and uneven concrete slabs. For some reason, a couple of 18-wheelers were parked the other day at the 13-plus-acre site, which was distinguished mainly for its forest of tall, skinny light poles stretching almost as far as the eye could see. Two wooden real estate signs had also been erected on the property, touting a new shopping center that would be called High Point Crossing. The signs said that 275,000 square feet of space was for lease, and suggested that interested parties call a couple of brokers, Jeff Kittleson and Robert Aycock, with CBRE. The signs also proclaimed that the center was a project of The Ainbinder Co., in consultation with one Brian Glaser. Since my wife and I have lived for 18 years across Abrams Road from the property, in the Merriman Park/University Manor residential development, I decided to phone everyone listed on the sign, because this looked like a great story that was right in my own backyard. “Urban in-fill” projects like High Point Crossing are all the rage in real estate these days, after all. But, that’s when I discovered that when commercial property execs don’t want to talk about something, they can clam up tighter than the people who guard KFC’s chicken recipe. None returned my calls. “We’re excited to see the activity there. It can be a little scary at night now, so we think it’s going to be a positive.” Robyn Flatt, co-founder of the Dallas Children’s Theater A major retail center at the corner of Abrams and Northwest Highway would be a big deal for our neighborhood, which has been gradually evolving over time. It wasn’t that long ago, for example, that there was a low-rent strip club called the Doll’s House near the intersection’s northeast corner. (Today it’s a car-rental place.) About half a mile north on Abrams, past the Sable Ridge and Willow Pond apartment complexes, there used to be a number of check-cashing joints and discount liquor stores. Some are still there, at or near the corner of Abrams and Skillman Street, but the neighborhood in general has been trending upscale. For instance, a new, state-of-the-art Alamo Drafthouse theater-restaurant-bar—the third to open in North Texas—is going into the former Tom Thumb space at the old Skillman Abrams Shopping Center, which is being renamed Creekside. There’s also a popular Topgolf location just across the street from Creekside on Park Lane. It’s not too far from a SuperTarget, a Home Depot, and the Timber Creek Crossing shopping center. The nearly 500,000-square-foot Timber Creek center, off Northwest Highway and Skillman, is anchored by a Wal-Mart, a Sam’s Club, and a J.C. Penney. The High Point Crossing property, meantime, backs up to the aforementioned Willow Pond apartments to the north, and to the Dallas Children’s Theater—formerly Don Carter’s All Star Lanes bowling alley—to the west. High Point also sits just across Northwest Highway from the 55-year-old, 319,000-square-foot Medallion Shopping Center, which is anchored by Kohl’s and yet another Target store. There, on the southwest corner of Northwest and Abrams, Medallion is adding a new CVS Pharmacy where an old oil-changing place used to be, says Cherise Fleming, an associate broker with Venture Commercial Real Estate. The CVS should be open around year’s end. High Point Crossing itself is located on property that, until 2008, was the flagship store for the Steakley Chevrolet auto dealership. Before John Steakley came along to open the location in the early 1960s, though, the site had a far different use. My wife, who grew up in Dallas’ Turtle Creek area, remembers the Steakley land as the place her parents used to take her for “pony rides”—a dusty, racetrack-like setup where you could climb aboard one of maybe a dozen little horses. John Steakley’s daughter, Anne Steakley Reeder, recalls the Northwest Highway property like this: “When we moved to Dallas, my dad said, ‘Here’s where the dealership will be.’ It was open 24 hours a day, seven days a week. When Neiman Marcus opened their store at NorthPark, their ads said, ‘Just down the street from Steakley Chevrolet.’” The Steakley site was sold two years ago by an East Coast investor to Ainbinder, a Houston-based real estate developer that, according to a 2015 Dallas Morning News story, has redeveloped similar auto dealerships in the Bayou City. The News account added that Glaser, of Dallas-based Glaser Retail Partners, had brought the deal to Ainbinder and had been approaching potential tenants for High Point Crossing. On its website, Ainbinder as recently as mid-March was describing High Point Crossing as a “vertical urban power center” with retail stores on two levels, plus a multi-level parking structure. However, in a December 2016 “master site plan” drawn up by the Boucher Design Group of Bellaire, Texas, and obtained by D CEO, parking for 831 cars did not seem to include any parking structure. And, the “building area” was just 170,000-some square feet. The December plan also indicated a 62,943-square-foot lease labeled “Academy,” a 15,000-square-foot lease labeled “Party City,” a 20,000-square-foot lease labeled “Marshalls,” and a 20,000-square-foot lease labeled “Ross.” The site plan also showed a proposed new traffic signal on Northwest Highway for drivers entering and exiting High Point Crossing, well west of the corner with Abrams. That’s important, because Abrams’ intersection with Northwest Highway can already be a backed-up nightmare at rush hour. Indeed, traffic counts show more than 56,000 vehicles per day going east and west through the intersection. That’s about 4,700 more vehicles than roll through the super-busy Preston/Northwest Highway corner, near the Dallas North Tollway. City Councilman Mark Clayton, whose District 9 includes High Point Crossing, says that he’s “always concerned about traffic.” He says the proposed new traffic light will help, though, adding, “You’re never going to eliminate traffic on Northwest Highway. But a traffic plan is in place.” Robyn Flatt, co-founder of the Dallas Children’s Theater, has a different concern about the new development. That’s because it would eliminate a connecting road, called Quality Lane, that currently allows patrons to access her facility from Northwest Highway via Theater Way. “We’re very concerned about our staff and patrons having access to [the theater], especially when the weather’s not good,” Flatt says. “So, we’re working with [Ainbinder and the city] to maintain a ‘back door,’ so we’ll be able to get in and out. Safety is our biggest concern.” As a show of good will, perhaps, the developer has already agreed to pay for two big DCT signs that will go up on Flatt’s theater building—one sign facing west, the other looking south. “They want to be good neighbors, and we’re excited to see the activity there,” Flatt says. “It can be a little scary at night now, so we think it’s going to be a positive.” That’s the same way many residents of our neighborhood seem to be viewing the in-fill project. When I asked for comments about High Point Crossing—as well as the new Creekside center—on the Nextdoor website, the response was overwhelmingly bullish. The vacant Steakley site has been “an eyesore for a long time,” one resident wrote. Added another: “These two developments follow a long, stagnant period for our area, during which we all worried about our safety and property values. These positive improvements will be supported by the demographics, which improve each year. … While some are concerned about traffic congestion, that’s the price we’ll all pay, along with higher property taxes.” As for High Point’s expected retail tenants, there’s been only a little grumbling. Damon Dattalo, a Realtor with Keller Williams Urban Dallas, wrote on his blog that “many residents are disappointed this site did not find a more creative use.” He explained further when I phoned him. “East Dallas is not a big fan of suburban sprawl,” Dattalo said. High Point Crossing “looks like it will be nice, but there’s a strip center across the street, and a strip center across Skillman. So it’s going to be more of the same.” For many in our neighborhood, more of the same will be good enough.  Business Commercial Real Estate East Dallas Most Popular The Whole City Needs to Pay Attention to What Is Happening in West Dallas By Peter Simek Legacy West Announces Grand Opening Weekend Activities By Catherine Downes Is Priscilla Davis' Story True? By Tom Stephenson Dallas' Best Builders Share Where to Save and Splurge By D Home Staff The 10 Best Lakes to Call Home By Dawn McMullan Our D CEO Weekly newsletter helps you stay up to speed with breaking news, interviews with industry leaders, and market insights from the editors of D CEO. Related Content Commercial Real Estate Photo Recap: D CEO’s 2017 Power Brokers Event Carly Mann Commercial Real Estate Distribution Center at Fort Worth’s Mercantile Center Changes Hands Lily Corral Commercial Real Estate Announcing D CEO’s New Weekly Real Estate Newsletter Lily Corral Comments plsiii That’s unfortunate that “more of the same will be good enough” sooo much energy goes into our built environment “good enough” should be the starting point, not the end product. A “vertical urban power center” sounds (and looks) much different than a handful of discount clothing and retail stores… not unlike the dealership turned furniture store that they demolished. Neighbors need to hold developers accountable and demand more. Mark Schellhammer I live in Merriman Park, for the last 5 years, moved here from Rockwall. Lived in the area all my life, and I remember well the Steakley Chevrolet dealership. I have seen the slow growth. I was hoping that some of the eastward crawl that has impacted the east side of central would impact Creekside. It looks like it might crawl along Park and Five Corners, where I’m already seeing one set of apartments there with a proposed rezoning, but haven’t been able to find out what that is. And the Katy Trail extension will intersect Park Lane on the west side of the equestrian center as it extends from Northwest Highway and over Skillman. I was hoping for a typical setup with retail and landscaping and water at the ground level with upscale residences at least a couple of stories, like west village or the project at Skillman and Walnut Hill. If it’s going to end up like Medallion Center across the street, this I think it will be more of the same, and that will be a shame to waste the opportunity that corner has to be a catalyst adjoining the new apartments that went up at NW Highway and West Lawther. It would make a great beginning for the renovation of that intersection. Of course part of the updating issue is the Keller’s. How do you update a national landmark? I hope the developers reconsider the use of the corner, especially since it sits so high with a great view. D Magazine Partners 750 North St.Paul St. Suite 2100 Dallas, Texas 75201 Tel: 214.939.3636 Fax: 214.748.4579 CONTACT US Sections FrontBurner Food & Drink Arts & Entertainment Nightlife Home & Design Shopping & Fashion Health & Fitness Business & Economy Weddings Publications D Magazine D Home D CEO Subscribe Renew Subscriber Services Company Info About Us Masthead Job Openings Internships Awards Customer Service Advertise Media Kits Events Case Studies Contact Us Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube LinkedIn Google+ Copyright © 2017, D Magazine Partners, Inc. All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy Advertisement will run for seconds. Continue to site »
Great Bend Post Great Bend News, Opinion, Video Local News Sports Events Entertainment Other Trading Post Obituaries Great Bend Eats Ernie’s Bar & Grill Granny’s Kitchen Kiowa Kitchen Lone Wolf Restaurant Playa Azul The Rack Billiard Cafe Employment Wall Contact Great Bend hoping to get it right on a 10th & Grant intersection redo May 15, 2017 by Cole Reif 1 Comment 10th & Grant intersection Kansas Department of Transportation officials recently met at the intersection of 10th Street and Grant Street in Great Bend to conduct a field check on the proposed improvements to that intersection. The improvements would widen the radius and allow trucks to make the turn to the south easier. Great Bend City Administrator Howard Partington says drivers of large semi-trucks have caused damage trying to make the turn off 10th Street going towards Walmart. Howard Partington Audio https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/grant-1.mp3 In late 2015, the City of Great Bend was approved for a Geometric Improvement Grant from KDOT to help fund the improvements. This is a 90 percent state and 10 percent city share up to a maximum state cost of $800,000. If the project goes over the maximum state cost of $800,000, the city would be responsible for those costs. After hearing the recommendation, city council member Dana Dawson wanted to know if this was going to be the final redo. Dana Dawson Audio https://www.greatbendpost.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/05/grant-2.mp3 Partington suggested Dawson get in contact with the engineers to hear the proposed plan and to provide any feedback. The estimated cost of the project in 2015 was $778,464. Share this: Google Twitter Email Facebook Filed Under: Featured, Local Comments charles says May 15, 2017 at 11:46 pm Why are the truckers not arrested for damage to city property? Current score: 3 (Please enable JavaScript to vote.) Report this comment Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Copyright © 2017 · Great Bend Post - Great Bend, KS · Powered by Eagle Communications | EEO Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
WTVF Traffic Weather All Sections News + Local Tennessee Kentucky U.S. NC5 Investigates Crime Education School Patrol Medical Politics Entertainment Conquering Addiction Good News Traffic + Sky5 HD Gas Prices TDOT Traffic Report Airport Road Rants Weather + Radar 7-Day Forecast Weather Alerts Current Conditions Live Cameras School Closings Daily Forecast Hourly Forecast Closings & Delays Severe Weather Alerts Weather Team Weather Kids Weather Videos Power Outages Video + Live Newscasts Watch 5+ Live CBSN Live Video YouTube Roku Sports + Titans Predators Commodores Volunteers Blue Raiders TSU Tigers Sounds NCAA Men's Basketball Tournament Money + Consumer Reports Consumer Alert Shop Smart Life + Back to School Summer Heart Health Fall Black Friday Flu Season Healthy New Year Celebrate Tennessee Giving Back Talk of the Town + Recipes Extras Go Local Be Your Best Meet the Team NewsChannel5+ + Watch 5+ Live MorningLine OpenLine SportsLine Inside Politics Community Health Matters Countdown to Friday Fishin' Affliction Beacon Retirement Strategies Inside Workforce Development Issues of Faith LifeStyle with Denise Simons Medical Monday Mortgage Matters Out & About Today Panorama Pharmacist On Call The Plus Side of Nashville Retirement Report ¿Que Pasa Nashville? SCORE on Business Southern Woods & Waters Takacs McGinnis Elder Care Law Hour Titans Talk Urban Outlook Photos + my5 Viewer Photos Weather Kids About Us + Contact Us Submit News Tips TV Listings Team Bios Advertise with Us EEO Public File Report Closed Captioning Support Jobs Current 67 Fair 3-Day Forecast HI: 88° LO: 61° HI: 88° LO: 61° HI: 88° LO: 61° Weather Sign In + Newsletters Sign Out + Manage Email Preferences 1 Weather Alert Flood Advisory issued May 15 at 12:21PM CDT expiring May 17 at 1:00AM CDT in effect for: Decatur, Perry 1 Weather Alert Police Search For Panhandlers Accused Of Assault, Robbery 8:29 PM, May 15, 2017 Share Article Previous Next Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Show Caption Hide Caption Previous Next CLARKSVILLE, Tenn. - A couple of panhandlers allegedly assaulted and robbed a woman in Clarksville. According to Clarksville Police officials, the female victim met two men panhandlers who were asking for money in a grassy spot between Dairy Queen and Walmart on Wilma Rudolph Boulevard. Police said she gave the panhandlers money walked and talked with them for a short while to North Edgewood Place. That's when the panhandlers allegedly assaulted the woman and took an undisclosed amount of money and property from her.  She was disoriented but was able to contact police after a passerby stopped to assist her. The persons of interest have been seen in the Wilma Rudolph area businesses such as Lowe's, Walmart, Kohl's, and Dairy Queen. Anyone with information was asked to call the lead investigator in the case, Detective Lisa Reed, at 931-614-5709. Copyright 2017 Scripps Media, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Print this article Back to Top Share Article A Share A A A Share Article Read Full Story News Sports Weather Traffic Talk of the Town NewsChannel 5+Support NewsChannel 5 Advertise with Us Contact Us Station Jobs Team Bios About Us Contest Your Money As Seen on NC5 School Patrol TV Listings Laff Mobile Apps NewsChannel 5 iPhone iPad Android Storm Shield iPhoneAndroid Stay Connected facebook twitter pinterest instagram youtube Newsletters Scripps TV Station Group © 2017 The E.W. Scripps Co Site Map Privacy Policy Terms of Use EEO FCC Public File
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 56° F Clear Hi: 66° F Lo: 51° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Arts and Entertainment Sports Investigators New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: cruisin' connecticut News 8 is Working for Connecticut nyberg stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Lawyer argues against releasing video of student’s death May 15, 2017 A lawyer for the parents of a University of Connecticut student who was run over and killed by a fire department vehicle is arguing against … US accuses Syria of killing thousands, burning bodies in crematorium May 15, 2017 The U.S. is accusing Bashar al-Assad’s regime in Syria of killing thousands of people from 2011 to 2015 and using a crematorium to dispose o… Sources: Trump shared classified info with Russians May 15, 2017 Apps allow parents to track their teen’s driving, helps start dialogue about unsafe driving habits May 15, 2017 Yale administration speaks out amidst growing concerns over protests on campus May 15, 2017 Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 56° F Clear Feels Like: 56° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 62% Dewpoint: 43° F Sunrise: 5:33 AM Sunset: 8:03 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos Report-It Recaps On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment News 8 Community Calendar Contests Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 56° F Clear Hi: 66° F Lo: 51° F West Hartford man arrested for attempting to entice a minor for sex By Cailyn Blonstein, News 8 Online Content Producer Published: May 15, 2017, 9:16 pm Updated: May 15, 2017, 10:39 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Courtesy: West Hartford Police WEST HARTFORD, Conn. (WTNH) — A West Hartford man was arrested on Monday after he allegedly used a cell phone app to try and entice a minor in sex. On February 7, West Hartford Police began an investigation into 39-year-old Scott Backer of West Hartford, after they received a complaint that he attempted to entice a minor for sex. The complaint also said Backer tried to meet with the minor at a Walmart in Cromwell. The investigation revealed that Backer used an app on his cell phone called “Yik Yak” to speak with the minor. The minor in question was in fact an adult male who posed as a 15-year-old girl online. The adult male confronted Backer at the Walmart in Cromwell on January 12. He video taped the encounter with Backer and questioned him as to why he was there to have sex with a minor. Evidence was collected and Backer was arrested on Monday. Backer is facing a use of a computer to entice a minor to engage in sexual activity charge. His bond is $150,000. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Colorado man sentenced for enticing 13-year-old 20-year-old arrested for sexual assault, trafficking in New Britain Bridgeport man pleads guilty to child sex trafficking Court documents: Mother had abused teen in kidnapping case Advertisement « Previous Story Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 1998-2017 wtnh.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow" target="_blank">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home About Authors Contact Us Photo Gallery Topics News Area Arts and Leisure Business Education Events Opinion Commentary Politics Spirituality Sports Recent Articles Nashville Sounds defeat Fresno Grizzlies, 4-1 APSU Baseball faces Lipscomb in Nashville, Tuesday Clarksville Police asks public help to identify two persons of interest in Robbery APSU’s Parker Phillips earns first adidas® OVC Player of the Week award Clarksville Police says morning crash sends one to hospital 101st Airborne Air Defense Artillery Soldiers bolster Avenger proficiency with Field Training Clarksville Police Officer makes 8 Year Old’s Day a Little Brighter Clarksville Gas and Water reports Gracey Avenue Closed and Crossland Avenue Lane Closed Austin Peay State University Board of Trustees to host summer meeting May 18th-19th Clarksville Civil War Roundtable’s next meeting is May 17th, 2017 Instant Peay Play: Dr. Gaines Hunt left mark across APSU landscape Nearly 1 in 5 with highest cardiac risk don’t think they need to improve health according to American Heart Association NASA begins planning for Orion Spacecraft manned mission Albuquerque Isotopes holds Nashville Sounds scoreless Sunday Clarksville Parks and Recreation announces Mayor’s Summer Night Lights to begin June 5th Parker Phillips two run homer gives APSU Baseball 5-3 win over Notre Dame Tennessee State Fire Marshal says Show Mom You Care, Check Her Smoke Alarms Austin Peay State University to offer first engineering degree this fall Frazier Allen: Where Medicare Falls Short APSU Basketball coach Matt Figger adds guard Deyshawn Martin for 2017-2018 season Official Sites City of Clarksville, TN Clarksville Arts & Heritage Development Council Clarksville Department of Electricity Clarksville Gas and Water Department Clarksville Montgomery County School System Clarksville Police Department Clarksville, Montgomery County Economic Development Council Clarksville, TN Ordinances Clarksville-Montgomery County Public Library Fort Campbell, Ky Montgomery County Animal Control Montgomery County, Tennessee Montgomery County, Tennessee Sheriff's Office Parks after Dark « Older: APSU’s Parker Phillips earns first adidas® OVC Player of the Week award Newer: APSU Baseball faces Lipscomb in Nashville, Tuesday » Clarksville Police asks public help to identify two persons of interest in Robbery May 15, 2017 | Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest   Clarksville, TN – On Saturday, May 13th, 2017, around 5:30pm, the female victim, met two panhandlers who were asking for money in a grassy spot between Dairy Queen and Walmart on Wilma Rudolph Boulevard. She gave the panhandlers money. Shortly after that, after walking and talking with the panhandlers, they ended up at the end of North Edgewood Place. Clarksville Police are looking for the persons in this photo in connection to a Robbery Saturday. That’s where the unknown panhandlers assaulted the woman and took an undisclosed amount of money and property from her. She was disoriented after the assault and was able to contact police after a passerby stopped to assist her. The persons of interest have been seen in the Wilma Rudolph area businesses such as Lowe’s, Walmart, Kohl’s, and Dairy Queen. The lead investigator is Detective Lisa Reed, 931.614.5709. May have purchased tents for the panhandlers and may have information about the persons of interest.   Sign the panhanders were seen carrying.   Sign the panhanders were seen carrying. SectionsNews TopicsClarksville Police, Clarksville Police Department, Clarksville TN, CPD, Dairy Queen, Kohl's, Lisa Reed, Lowe's, North Edgewood Place, Panhandling, robbery, Walmart, Wilma Rudolph Boulevard Related Posts Clarksville Police seek public help identifying Walmart Money Center Robbery Suspect Clarksville Police request assistance identifying Robbery, Shoplifting Suspect Clarksville Police Department cites Circle K during March 15th Alcoholic Beverage Commission Operation Clarksville Police asks public for help Identifying Theft Suspects Clarksville Police requests public help identifying suspects Papa Murphy’s Armed Robbery Comments You must be logged in to post a comment. Connect with Enter your WordPress.com blog URL http://.wordpress.com Proceed Personal Controls Register Log in Archives May 2017 S M T W T F S « Apr       1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 16 17 18 19 20 21 22 23 24 25 26 27 28 29 30 31   2017: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2016: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2015: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2014: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2013: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2012: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2011: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2010: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2009: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2008: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2007: J F M A M J J A S O N D 2006: J F M A M J J A S O N D Local Community Ajax Turner Senior Citizens Center Clarksville Community Concert Association Clarksville Kiwanis Club Dunbar Cave State Natural Area Friends of Dunbar Cave Gateway Chamber Orchestra Leadership Clarksville Tennessee Alliance for Progress The Customs House Museum The Roxy Regional Theatre Affiliated Web Sites Bonehead Promotions Clarksville Sports Network Discover Clarksville Feeds Full Comments                 © 2006-2017 Clarksville, TN Online is owned and operated by residents of Clarksville Tennessee. » We are Hosted by Compu-Net Enterprises; In Partnership with Discover Clarksville and Discover Paris
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product Wal-Mart’s first quarter net income expected to dip despite slightly higher revenue Arkansas 4Q GDP growth in 2016 only 0.5%, full-year GDP sees major downward revision Iowa food company acquires Decatur-based Crystal Lake Farms for $3.5 million Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 Arkansas Bar Association to discuss potential constitutional amendment on justice system, ethics, vetoes and legislative power Reshoring groups says ‘tide has turned,’ more manufacturing jobs returning than leaving U.S. Talk Business & Politics, KATV renew multi-year television partnership Gov. Asa Hutchinson and other national lawmakers petition federal government for flood-related agricultural aid Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product Wal-Mart sued for discriminating against pregnant workers, retailer denies claims Iowa food company acquires Decatur-based Crystal Lake Farms for $3.5 million Video / Podcasts These ‘Mom-Senators’ worked for women’s issues in the recent session Sen. Boozman: ‘Content’ that Intelligence Committees can handle Trump investigation in wake of Comey firing TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics TB&P Daily: John Brummett on French elections, the Trump factor, state and federal healthcare and judicial impeachment Governor says healthcare needs more personal responsibility; clemency request to be reviewed this week Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas trucking companies will have a better fleet registration system by Jan. 1 J.B. Hunt announces promotion of Shelley Simpson ATRI report says truck drivers sacrifice an hour of driving time for parking The Supply Side: Omnichannel success takes more than online shopping Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product BusinessLatest NewsManufacturingNortheast Arkansas by George Jared (gjared@talkbusiness.net) 6 hours ago 81 views  Tags: Daisy The Rocket Shot 0 SHARES Share Tweet Entrepreneur and businessman Jody Shackelford knew it was time to seize the moment. A few years earlier, his grandfather Harry Shackelford invented The Rocket Shot, a device that shoots two aluminum cans into the air that can be shot with an air or BB gun. He went to the Shooting, Hunting, Outdoor Trade Show (SHOT Show) in Las Vegas to find a company to mass produce and sell the child friendly product. The higher ups at Gamo Outdoors were in his sights. He’d been rebuffed once before, but he returned an hour later. He talked with Gamo President Keith Higginbotham. It took several months, but the a deal has been struck and Gamo, the parent-company of famed Daisy Outdoor, will exclusively sell the Daisy Rocket Shot, Shackelford told Talk Business & Politics. Terms of the deal were not disclosed. “To me its mind blowing,” Shackelford said. “I mean everybody has watched ‘A Christmas Story’ when Ralphie asks for a Daisy BB gun. We’re a part of that now.” The Daisy Shot will be sold at Walmart U.S. and other retailers across the country. They’ve applied for a provisional patent, and the device is still owned by them. The patent request is based on the device’s unique use. Shackelford, a third-year law student, began this venture more than three years ago with his grandfather. As a child, Harry would shoot cans with his elders, a common practice in the Ozark Foothills. Harry had keen shot, and soon started shooting walnuts out of the air. Several years ago he developed an idea about two aluminum cans springing into the air and then shooting them. The two developed 12 prototypes and hit the outdoor show circuit. Jody is the business arm of operation co-owned by the two. Shackelford had started his own newspaper several years before in Hardy, and had just sold it. He needed a new challenge, he said. The response to the device was overwhelming, he said. Each time they went to a show, they sold out, he said. An elaborate assembly line was constructed in the Shackelfords’ kitchen. Grandson and grandfather made them by hand. (from left) Jody Shackelford and his grandfather Harry Shackelford Bold action was required to take the device to the next level, he said. He made a pitch on the hit television show, ‘Shark Tank,’ and producers were impressed with the product. Shackelford advanced to the next round but fell short of appearing on the show where entrepreneurs pitch products to billionaire investors such as Dallas Mavericks owner Mark Cuban. The near miss on the show brought some notoriety to the product, and Shackelford negotiated with Daisy Outdoor. The negotiations had stalled, and that’s when he decided to approach Gamo, he said. Little did he know the company had bought Daisy. The company recently expanded in Arkansas. Daisy and Gamo Outdoor are air gun and airsoft manufacturers, but Daisy is geared more toward the youth market, while Gamo Outdoor mostly makes products for adults, distributing its projects in 85 countries, according to the company. Arkansas offered several incentives for Daisy to expand within the state, including a $50,000 workforce-training grant, 3.9% cash rebate on payroll tied to the expansion over the next three years and sales tax refunds on building materials and some equipment associated with the expansion, according to the Arkansas Economic Development Commission. The Daisy brand was founded about 130 years ago in Michigan and has been housed in Rogers since 1958. It was purchased last June by Bruckmann, Rosser, Sherrill & Co. (BRS), a private equity firm in New York City. Higginbotham, of Gamo Outdoor, joined Daisy. Ray Hobbs stepped down as president of Daisy after 15 years with the company, as part of the deal. Financial terms of the deal were not disclosed. Before that, an investment group had owned Daisy for 23 years. Harry Shackelford works on parts for The Rocket Shot. Airsoft and air gun manufacturing is a $300 million industry, and most of the guns are made outside the U.S., according to the research. IBISWorld predicts this trend will reverse eventually, as most manufacturing industries make moves to bring operations back to the U.S., but that the industry will still be largely manufactured abroad through 2021. Daisy operates its distribution center and corporate offices in Rogers, while most of its guns are manufactured abroad, Joe Murfin, corporate spokesman for Daisy, said in a previous interview with Talk Business & Politics. Shackelford wouldn’t divulge their projected units sold, or sales. He said the company will handle all the manufacturing and sales from this point forward. The Shackelfords plan to invest their profits back into their product line. They’ve got several ideas on which they’re working, he said. “This collaboration has been really good so far … these guys have been great. We really couldn’t ask for anything more,” he said. (Talk Business & Politics reporter Jennifer Joyner contributed to this report.) Comments comments Previous post Wal-Mart’s first quarter net income expected to dip despite slightly higher revenue Next post Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws Robert Coon In defense of Goldilocks Todd Turner Deceptive Trade Practices Act changes will harm Arkansas consumers Megan Hargraves Changes to Deceptive Trade Practices Act will make Arkansas more business-friendly Micah Whitfield Reviewing the ‘bargain branding’ rules Latest Popular Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 5 hours ago The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product 6 hours ago Wal-Mart’s first quarter net income expected to dip despite slightly higher revenue 8 hours ago Arkansas 4Q GDP growth in 2016 only 0.5%, full-year GDP sees major downward revision 8 hours ago Wal-Mart sued for discriminating against pregnant workers, retailer denies claims 9 hours ago Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws 1,803 views XNA responds to passenger growth with $35 million parking deck 1,693 views Fort Smith city boss refuses to provide reason for sanitation director’s termination 1,575 views Fort Smith sanitation director fired by city administrator 1,517 views Fort Smith costs to dispose of recycling at landfill continue to climb, new estimate above $680,000 1,389 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
ComingSoon.net | New Movies, Movie Trailers, DVD, TV & Video Game News! Comingsoon on FacebookFollow us on TwitterFollow us on YoutubeComingsoon on Google plusComingsoon on PinterestComingsoon on instagramComingsoon on RSSMenu Home Movies Movie Reviews Movie News TV Streaming Netflix Amazon Prime Hulu Games Video Game News Trailers DVD DVD Releases Blu-Ray Releases Channels Horror Super Hero Hype SearchSearch DC Sets Wonder Woman Day for June 3 Wonder WomanDC Comics dc films news wonder woman day By Jenna Busch ON May 15, 2017 SHARE DC Comics has announced Wonder Woman Day, a celebration of the superhero on June 3 DC Entertainment announced a global celebration in honor of the June 2 opening of Wonder Woman. This June 3 will be known as Wonder Woman Day, honoring the 75-year legacy of the Amazon Princess. Over 2,000 comic book retailers, bookstores and libraries will host activities for the day. Fans will be able to get two special edition comic book issues. Wonder Woman Day Special Edition #1 is a reprint of Wonder Woman #1 by writer Greg Rucka and artist Liam Stamp. DC Super Hero Girls Wonder Woman Day Special Edition #1 has a chapter from the upcoming DC Super Hero Girls Vol. 3: Summer Olympus from writer Shea Fontana with art by Yancey Labat. Special events for Wonder Woman Day will see participation from comic book writers and artists including Greg Rucka, Phil Jimenez, Cliff Chiang, Shea Fontana, Marc Andreyko, and Cat Staggs. RELATED: Wonder Woman Characters Guide DC has teamed up with an array of retail partners including, Barnes & Noble, Books-A-Million, Walmart, Costco and Amazon for exclusive in-store and digital promotions to create the ultimate Wonder Woman Day experience. Cross-divisional activations will also include Warner Bros. Interactive Entertainment and Warner Bros. Consumer Products, alongside key partners including Six Flags Theme Parks, to further spotlight the groundbreaking DC Super Hero. From May 29-June 3, the digital series DC All Access will host a series of Wonder Woman segments to celebrate the lead up to Wonder Woman Day, including interviews with comic book artists and writers. If you can’t get out to the events for the day, you can download the official Wonder Woman Day activity kit, including comic book activity sheets, coloring pages, trivia, and games. Readers will also receive deals on digital comics at readdcentertainment.com and in the DC Comics app, where 100 digital comics and eBooks will be on sale starting May 30. Wonder Woman will hit theaters on June 2 and stars Gal Gadot (Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice), Chris Pine (Star Trek), Robin Wright (The Girl with the Dragon Tattoo, Netflix’s House of Cards), Danny Huston (Clash of the Titans, X-Men Origins: Wolverine), Ewen Bremner (Exodus: Gods and Kings, Snowpiercer), Saïd Taghmaoui (American Hustle), Elena Anaya (The Skin I Live In), Connie Nielsen (Gladiator, Nymphomaniac: Vol. I) and Lucy Davis (Shaun of the Dead). Are you guys excited for Wonder Woman Day? Are you ready for the film? Let us know in the comments or tweet us @ComingSoonnet. SHARE TWEET Show Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Movies TV Streaming Games Trailers DVD Contact Us Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Use AdChoices AdChoices ComingSoon.net is a property of CraveOnline Media, LLC, an Evolve Media, LLC company. ©2017 All Rights Reserved Copyright monitoring_string = "df292225381015080a5c6c04a6e2c2dc"
NYTimes.com no longer supports Internet Explorer 9 or earlier. Please upgrade your browser. LEARN MORE » Sections Search Skip to content Skip to navigation Subscribe Now Log In 0 Settings English 中文 (Chinese) Español Tuesday, May 16, 2017 Today’s Paper Video Quick Site Sections Navigation Sections Search World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Business Opinion Opinion Tech Science Health Sports Sports Arts Arts Style Style Food Food Travel Magazine T Magazine Real Estate all Close search Site Search Navigation Search NYTimes.com Clear this text input Go Site Navigation Site Mobile Navigation Top News Trump Shared Classified Data With Russians, Officials Say By MATTHEW ROSENBERG and ERIC SCHMITT 9:07 PM ET During an Oval Office meeting with top Russian officials, President Trump is said to have described highly classified material about a new ISIS plot. The details had not even been shared with American allies, and the disclosure could jeopardize a crucial intelligence-sharing relationship.  Comments How Government Secrets Are Declassified and Disclosed Trump to Expand Funding Ban Tied to Abortion Overseas By GARDINER HARRIS and SOMINI SENGUPTA The expansion of the so-called gag rule, which bars aid to health groups that provide or discuss abortion services, would also sweep up groups that fight AIDS and malaria. Texas Seeks Money It Gave Up to Restrict Planned Parenthood By ABBY GOODNOUGH 10:10 PM ET Four years after Texas gave up millions in federal Medicaid funds so it could ban Planned Parenthood from a family planning program, a request presents a crucial early test for the Trump administration. More in politics G.O.P. Senators Begin Edging Away From the President Judges Weigh New Travel Ban, but Keep Their Poker Faces Voter ID Law Said to Target Blacks Hits a Final Barrier Clues in Cyberattack Point to Frequent Culprit: North Korea By NICOLE PERLROTH and DAVID E. SANGER 9:56 PM ET Indicators are far from conclusive, but U.S. officials and private security experts say that North Korea-linked hackers are likely suspects in global ransomware attacks. Cyberattack Spreads in Asia; Thousands of Groups Affected Bootleg Software in China Adds to Vulnerability Where Does Microsoft’s Responsibility Lie in Attack? Was Arc of Missile Tested by North an Act of Subterfuge? By WILLIAM J. BROAD and DAVID E. SANGER By flying higher instead of farther, the missile appeared intended to improve North Korea’s capabilities without setting off an American military response. U.S. Says Syria May Be Using Crematory to Hide Executions By GARDINER HARRIS, ANNE BARNARD and RICK GLADSTONE The State Department released satellite images showing a building thought to be a crematory, which would enable bodies to be disposed of without leaving evidence behind. Got a confidential news tip? The New York Times offers several ways to get in touch with and provide materials to our journalists. Learn more. MURDER IN THE 4-0 As Nationwide Gangs Fracture, Bullets Fly in New York Jequan Lawrence was murdered in an ambush at a housing complex. For detectives, it was a sign of a fissure running through gangs nationally, especially the Bloods. By BENJAMIN MUELLER, NOAH REMNICK and AL BAKER Your Tuesday Briefing By PATRICK BOEHLER 12:23 AM ET Here’s what you need to know to start your day. Audio Listen to ‘The Daily’ For many of the president’s supporters, the real outrage over James Comey’s firing is that there is so much outrage in the first place. Audio Follow The Daily: Daily SMS iTunes Radio Public Stitcher Journalism that matters. More essential than ever. Subscribe to the Times Smarter Living What to Cook This Week Portobello patty melts, baked Brie and more for the week ahead. Guide A Smarter Way to Clean Your Home By JOLIE KERR Take this guided tour of your home — from the kitchen and bathroom to the bedroom and living areas — to learn the basic rules of cleaning as well as some tips and short cuts that will help you clean thoroughly and efficiently, starting now. These 25 Men Made $11 Billion, Despite Modest Returns By ALEXANDRA STEVENSON 12:01 AM ET Outsize paydays for hedge funds come at a turning point for the industry, where even managers who had a tough year were able to cash in. But some big names did not make the cut. Health Insurers Bilked Medicare, a Whistle-Blower Says By MARY WILLIAMS WALSH A former executive at UnitedHealth says he was paid bonuses to make patients look sicker than they were, which led to bigger reimbursements. He Turned on Al Qaeda. Should He Serve More Time? By ADAM GOLDMAN A judge sentencing Bryant Neal Vinas, a former altar boy from Long Island who later plotted attacks, had to weigh cooperation that dealt the terrorist network a staggering blow.  Comments Beheadings Escalate a Standoff on a Border in Kashmir By HARI KUMAR and ELLEN BARRY Acts of extreme brutality occur with some regularity along the Line of Control, the disputed military frontier that divides Kashmir into Indian and Pakistani territory. 4 Plead Guilty in Baruch College Student’s Hazing Death By RICK ROJAS The men were charged after a 2013 fraternity initiation ritual in which the authorities said Chun Hsien Deng fell unconscious and the men delayed seeking medical help. Parties Tussle Over Legality of Stipends Given to Senators By JESSE McKINLEY 9:23 PM ET The seven New York senators faced a barrage of questions, and some said they would consider returning the money. Others defended the practice. The Daily 360 1:44 A Vertical Farm Grows in Newark Jake Naughton for The New York Times. Technology by Samsung. More in The Daily 360 » More News Shaky Coalition in Austria May Give Far-Right Party an Opening 2 Killed as Jet Crashes While Landing at Airport Near New York City Roger Federer Decides to Skip the French Open Macron and Merkel Meet, Pledging to Save European Unity Fact-Checking a Mogul’s Claims About Avocado Toast, Millennials and Home Buying Young people did not react kindly to an Australian businessman’s advice to cut discretionary spending so they could afford homes. The Fallout From a Global Cyberattack: ‘A Battle We’re Fighting Every Day’ Two prestigious Chinese universities, a movie theater chain in South Korea and Japanese automakers were affected, but copycat variants did not seem to have materialized. Irreplaceable Plant Specimens an ‘Obscene’ Loss After Being Incinerated in Quarantine Flub A shipment of specimens from France to Australia included samples that were more than 200 years old and rich in scientific value. Former Chairman of Paramount Pictures Dies Brad Grey, who played a pivotal role in the creation of television hits like “The Sopranos,” helped blend the art of talent management with TV and film production. Digging to the Roots of Maurice Sendak’s Vision In “There’s a Mystery There,” Jonathan Cott — with help from the playwright Tony Kushner, psychoanalysts and art historians — examines Sendak’s children’s books. Review: U2 Revisits ‘The Joshua Tree’ As they labor over new songs, now being rewritten in the wake of the 2016 election, the band is revisiting 30-year-old tracks. But this tour is no oldies act. The Opinion Pages Editorial Trump’s Fraudulent Voter-Fraud Commission The president’s new commission is based on a myth, and is crafted to cover up for his own lies about the election.  Comments Editorial: Confronting Segregation in N.Y.C. Schools Blow: Madness Invites Mutiny Krugman: The Priming of Mr. Donald Trump Digital Insecurity Is the New Normal White Flight’s Culprits David Brooks When the World Is Led by a Child Reports that Trump betrayed classified data reveal the dangerousness of an immature man.  Comments What a TV Series Tells Us About Erdogan’s Turkey Yellow Fever’s Looming Threat The Meaning of Our Confederate ‘Monuments’ Vietnam ’67: A Newsletter About the War » Follow us on Twitter » User Subscriptions Chasing After the Kushners in China Bill Clinton Didn’t Want His New York Times Crossword to Be Boring Times Insider » Chasing After the Kushners in China The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle The Crossword » Play Today’s Puzzle Wordplay » Watching From Our Advertisers Loading... timesvideo explore all videos » Video Player Inside Nytimes.com Go to the previous story Go to the next story Entertainment Vintage Bookstores in Los Angeles Opinion The Culprits Behind White Flight Multimedia/Photos A Lyrical Look at Black Lives in Photographs Health New Gene Tests Pose a Threat to Insurers Opinion The Meaning of Our Confederate ‘Monuments’ Times Insider A New Comic Strip From The Times Books Rafe Bartholomew on Growing Up at McSorley’s Opinion The Fertile Ground of French Communism Art & Design Louise Lawler’s Stealth Aesthetic at MoMA Travel Mastering Machu Picchu, Cheaply and Quickly Opinion Why Czeslaw Milosz Still Matters Times Insider Chasing After the Kushners in China Sections World » In Computer Attacks, Clues Point to Frequent Culprit: North Korea Children Playing, Then a Blast: Mortar Round From an Earlier Afghan Battle Kills 5 North Korea Missile Test Appears to Tiptoe Over a U.S. Tripwire Business Day » As Their Clout Wanes, Saudi Arabia and Russia Extend Oil Production Cuts In Computer Attacks, Clues Point to Frequent Culprit: North Korea In Ransomware Attack, Where Does Microsoft’s Responsibility Lie? Opinion » Op-Ed Contributor: The Culprits Behind White Flight Editorial: Confronting Segregation in New York City Schools Charles M. Blow: Trump’s Madness Invites Mutiny U.S. » Strict North Carolina Voter ID Law Thwarted After Supreme Court Rejects Case ‘We Have to Repudiate It’: A City Confronts White Nationalist Protests Tulsa Officer Cites Her Training in Testimony About Fatal Shooting Technology » Tech Fix: Here’s How to Protect Yourself From Ransomware Attacks China, Addicted to Bootleg Software, Reels From Ransomware Attack Uber Engineer Barred From Work on Key Self-Driving Technology, Judge Says Arts » Review: U2 Revisits ‘The Joshua Tree’ in the Here and Now Critic's Notebook: No More Gang Rape Scenes in Ballets, Please Review: Step Right Up! ‘3/Fifths’ Takes You on an Ugly Ride Politics » How Government Secrets Are Declassified and Disclosed Hillary Clinton Starts Onward Together, a New Political Group In One-Party Alabama, Senate Primary Sinks Into ‘Swamp’ Fashion & Style » Up Next: This Designer Turns Everyday Objects into a ‘Good Thing’ On the Runway: Brigitte Macron Inaugurates a New Look for France On the Runway: Suiting Up for a Ceremony, Derek Jeter Swings for the Fences Movies » A Morgan Neville Documentary Will Put an Unfinished Welles Film in Context Pricey ‘King Arthur’ Is a Box Office Pauper Charlie Hunnam: Pushy When It Counts (Picky, Too) New York » Murder in the 4-0: As Nationwide Gangs Fracture, Bullets Fly in New York As Subway Riders Fume, City and State Leaders Are Mostly Mum 2 Killed as Jet Crashes While Landing at Teterboro Airport in New Jersey Sports » On Pro Basketball: Warriors’ Zaza Pachulia Draws Spurs’ Ire Over Key Play What Was Unusual About Tom Brady’s Stolen Super Bowl Jersey? He Got It Back Celtics 115, Wizards 105: Celtics Close Out the Wizards as Isaiah Thomas Scores 29 Theater » Review: ‘She’ Brings Stories of Sexual Violence to the Stage Terrence McNally and ‘Carmen Jones’: Classic Stage Company’s New Season Review: Love, Genius and ‘The Marriage of Alice B. Toklas by Gertrude Stein’ Science » Profiles in Science: Brenda Milner, Eminent Brain Scientist, Is ‘Still Nosy’ at 98 ScienceTake: Why Honeybees Are Good at Grooming (It’s All in the Hair) NASA Denies Trump’s Request to Send Astronauts Past the Moon on New Rocket Obituaries » Chuck Davis, Who Brought African Dance Traditions to America, Dies at 80 Brad Grey, Former Chairman of Paramount Pictures, Dies at 59 Steve Palermo, Umpire Whose Career Was Ended by a Bullet, Dies at 67 Television » Review: The Bizarre Case of ‘Mommy Dead and Dearest’ Mediator: Politics, It Seems, Has Jolted Even the Idiot Box Awake Watching: Margaret’s 4 TV Shows to Watch This Week Health » When the Immune System Thwarts Lifesaving Drugs A Strong Case Against a Pesticide Does Not Faze E.P.A. Under Trump A Shocking Diagnosis: Breast Implants ‘Gave Me Cancer’ Travel » The Bloomsbury Bohemians in the British Countryside Update: Europe Beckons, but Security Consultants Urge: Be Prepared Update: Tourists Return to Tunisia, but Slowly Books » Books of The Times: Digging to the Roots of Maurice Sendak’s Vision Q. & A.: Tell Us 5 Things About Your Book: Rafe Bartholomew on Growing Up at McSorley’s Nonfiction: To Make America Great Again, Give Your Kids Chores Education » Education Disrupted: How Google Took Over the Classroom Free Tuition? Tennessee Could Tutor New York 500 Students in a One-Room School: Fallout of New Jersey’s Funding Woes Food » The Pour: Let’s Be Clear: Bad Wines Are Bad Wines, Period Another ‘Twin Peaks’ Puzzle: How to Make That Cherry Pie Return of the Campbell, an Ornate Grand Central Bar Sunday Review » On Campus: U Can’t Talk to Ur Professor Like This Editorial: The Republican’s Guide to Presidential Behavior Frank Bruni: Donald Trump à la Mode Real Estate » What's Selling Now: Homes That Sold for Around $1.5 Million Homes Built for Healing Renters: From Homeless Shelter to Her First Apartment The Upshot » The New Health Care: Why Marathons Are More Dangerous for Nearby Residents Than Runners If Americans Can Find North Korea on a Map, They’re More Likely to Prefer Diplomacy Mother’s Pay: The Gender Pay Gap Is Largely Because of Motherhood Magazine » Feature: Is an Open Marriage a Happier Marriage? Feature: How Homeownership Became the Engine of American Inequality Feature: Can Prairie Dogs Talk? Automobiles » Lyft and Waymo Reach Deal to Collaborate on Self-Driving Cars Driven: Video Review: A Competition Puts S.U.V.s Through Their Paces Wheels: Discounted Cars Benefit Buyers, but May Spell Trouble for Industry T Magazine » In the Footsteps of Marcel Proust Profile in Style: The Technicolor World of Anna Sui Some Things T Editors Are Really Into Right Now Times Insider » Looking Back: ‘I Got My Dog Through The New York Times’ How I Got the Shot: Point, Shoot, Belay: Snapping Pictures While Hanging From an Ice-Covered Mountain Kids Take Over The Times Real Estate » Ask Real Estate Dangerous Window Boxes By RONDA KAYSEN Many New Yorkers hang flower pots or other planting containers from their windowsills, but is that legal — or safe?  Comments Search for Homes for Sale or Rent Mortgage Calculator Most Emailed Most Viewed Trending Recommended for you Loading... Go to Home Page » Site Index The New York Times Site Index Navigation News World U.S. Politics N.Y. Business Tech Science Health Sports Education Obituaries Today's Paper Corrections Opinion Today's Opinion Op-Ed Columnists Editorials Contributing Writers Op-Ed Contributors Opinionator Letters Sunday Review Taking Note Room for Debate Public Editor Video: Opinion Arts Today's Arts Art & Design Books Dance Movies Music N.Y.C. Events Guide Television Theater Video: Arts Living Automobiles Crossword Food Education Fashion & Style Health Jobs Magazine N.Y.C. Events Guide Real Estate T Magazine Travel Weddings & Celebrations Listings & More Classifieds Tools & Services Times Topics Public Editor N.Y.C. Events Guide Blogs Multimedia Photography Video NYT Store Times Journeys Subscribe Manage My Account Subscribe Subscribe Home Delivery Digital Subscriptions Times Insider Crossword Email Newsletters Alerts Gift Subscriptions Corporate Subscriptions Education Rate Mobile Applications Replica Edition Site Information Navigation © 2017 The New York Times Company Contact Us Work With Us Advertise Your Ad Choices Privacy Terms of Service Terms of Sale Site Information Navigation Site Map Help Site Feedback Subscriptions View Mobile Version
Home All News Calvert County News Charles County News St. Mary’s County News Prince George’s News Anne Arundel News Traffic Cameras Law Enforcement Crime Solvers Calvert County Crime Solvers Charles County Crime Solvers St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers Fire & Rescue Obituaries Weather Community Politics Department of Defense Education Entertainment Arts Food Food Reviews Music Night Life MORE Business Opinions Commentary Editorials Letters Sports St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers High School Sports Motor Sports About Us Advertise Contact Us Wednesday’s Pet Good News FIRE/POLICE SCANNERS Food Reviews California Couple Arrested for Shoplifting at Walmart with Children May 11, 2017 Patricia Lee Largen, 28, and Brian Morton Whitehouse, 30, both of California On Monday, May 8, 2017, Deputies from the St. Mary’s County Sheriff’s Office responded to the Walmart in California, for a reported theft in progress. Prior to deputies arrival, the two suspects fled the store.  Loss prevention personnel followed the suspects and provided location updates to the responding units. Deputies located and detained both suspects identified as Patricia Lee Largen, 28 of California, and Brian Morton Whitehouse, 30 of California. The investigation revealed the suspects entered the business with their children. Largen concealed numerous items  having a value over $500 and damaged part of a display, while Whitehouse acted as a “lookout” during the theft. Deputy First Class R. Steinbach arrested both suspects and transported them to the St. Mary’s County Detention Center where they were both charged with Theft Less $1000 and Malicious Destruction of Property. Patricia Lee Largen, 28 of California   Brian Morton Whitehouse, 30 of California Patricia Lee Largen, 28, and Brian Morton Whitehouse, 30, both of California This entry was posted on May 11, 2017 at 9:49 am and is filed under All News, Community, County, Law Enforcement, St. Mary's News, Top News, z 600X120 Top Ad Bottom, z Police Ad Top. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. 55 Responses to California Couple Arrested for Shoplifting at Walmart with Children Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 10:11 am Bunch of losers! Reply Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 10:38 am Please take those children away from this trash so they may have a shot at a decent life. Reply yod on May 11, 2017 at 11:01 am Usually I like to make fun of people who think they can get away with stealing from Wal-Mart when it’s been proven time and time again that it’s virtually impossible but I’m sad for these kids who had to watch their parents get arrested and embarrassed in front of everyone like that. Reply Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 7:41 pm No it’s not. I worked there and can tell you how easy it actually is. I’d find over $300 worth of packaging from stolen good each night. FYI, no loss prevention overnight. It’s a joke. Once an off duty cop caught a guy stealing and the manager couldn’t even get into the LP office to review the tape. Reply Anonymous on May 12, 2017 at 8:55 am It’s like that everywhere, grocery stores too! There was a guy at Shoppers that got caught putting frozen shrimp in his pants. Reply w warrior on May 14, 2017 at 8:40 am thanks for sharing that genius! You just opened the door further to encourage this stellar behavior. Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 8:21 am Actually, that comment had nothing to do with encouragement of anything. He or she was just making a statement based on experience with that multi-million/billion dollar corporation that could afford daily theft losses and in most cases deserve it for the way that they rob their employees and customers. I don’t feel sorry for the company or the shoplifters because at the end of the day, it’s criminal vs criminal and as they say “may the best one win.” Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 11:58 am F you and F this comment. Do you know who pays for theft and loses by corporations? The consumers do, they would not dare mess with their profit. I don’t care if someone steals from a big store or a little old lady they are still a piece of garbage thief that cost all law abiding, hard working, tax paying people money in the long run. As for the way they treat their employees, I didn’t realize people were forced to work there. Don’t want to work a low level job for one of these companies then get an education, get a skill, or just get a clue and work toward a career. No one including big businesses owes you or anyone else anything. Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 11:04 am Way to instill you piece of garbage values to the next generation. The only way those kids will have any chance in the world is if they are taken from these two turds and given to a responsible family member. At this point foster care would be a better alternative then these two. Both should be charged with neglect and abuse. They are ruining these kids entire lives. Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 8:23 am Screw the next generation. You can blame modern music, TV shows, cell phones and pop culture for “ruining these kids.” Also blame the worthless parents for exposing them to that crap and the law for allowing filth to reproduce. Reply Nick on May 11, 2017 at 11:18 am Real classy…. teaching your children to shoplift! Reply The real Bob Lob Law on May 11, 2017 at 12:13 pm We have the winners of the “Parents of the Year” award for St Mary’s County. Tell them what they won Johnny! Reply Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 2:10 pm Don’t know about them but you win the Most Pathetic Poster of the Quarter Award. Reply Ben Matlock on May 14, 2017 at 9:13 am 2nd most pathetic. Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 8:33 am Yeah, you’re probably number 1. Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 8:32 pm Better than being #2, which you are. So you got that going for you. maxinedirtywaters on May 12, 2017 at 6:55 am Soap & Shampoo Reply Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 1:43 pm SAD these two are the posters for what a parent is not!!! UNbelievable that such ignorance is fluent in this community. Clearly the children are in an unsafe environment by both parents being arrested and their illegal activities in the children’s presence. Not only should they be charged with Theft but child endangerment as well these are clearly CINA kids!!! Reply Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 2:40 pm Typical southern Maryland trash Reply Anon on May 11, 2017 at 4:11 pm What they need to go to jail for is child neglect. Their poor kids watch their parents do drugs, are always in need of a bath and clean clothes and are never in seatbelts Reply Anon on May 11, 2017 at 4:32 pm How they still have their kids I will never understand. Only reason they have them is to get money and food stamps from the government. Reply Not Surprised At All on May 11, 2017 at 4:54 pm They will be out soon enough to steal some more. They probably get government assistance, too. I hope the children don’t get separated due to poor choices on the parent’s behalf. Reply Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 5:04 pm They need to contact the family on the dad side. They have values and the capability to raise those children properly. Reply Anonymous on May 12, 2017 at 1:05 pm Nothing the dad side of the family can do if the father himself won’t stand up for his son! And only the OLDEST is their grandchild…the rest are not! Reply Anna on May 12, 2017 at 7:35 pm You don’t even no WTF your talking about the oldest ain’t with them and that’s the only one that ain’t there grandchild Reply Grammar Police on May 13, 2017 at 8:23 am ** know ** you’re ** their Reply chiefjoseph on May 13, 2017 at 7:13 pm Anna, please go back to school. Reply Old SE Dog on May 12, 2017 at 1:04 am A match made in heaven! OMG LOL feel bad for their children. Reply Sillysue on May 12, 2017 at 1:27 am I hear they are doing a remake of Deliverance and looking for actors. Reply Anonymous on May 12, 2017 at 6:08 pm For y’alls information the oldest does not reside with her. And the rest of her kids are actually taken care of. So take it out on the parents not the children they had nothing to do with it…. Reply Y'alls Info on May 12, 2017 at 7:51 pm How about you just STFU? Your posting exudes so much ignorance and inbreeding, I may puke! Reply Anonymous on May 12, 2017 at 7:58 pm I’m not sure where anyone is getting their information from: Patricia and Brian have 3 children. They have never had a place to live. They go from relative to relative and friend to friend or motel to motel. They have been doing drugs since I have known them. The children see the drugs and have seen needles, etc. The schools have not done anything. They currently ‘live’ with her mother, a sister, her husband and daughter; brother, wife, and their three kids; and her oldest child. (that’s 15 if you lost count) They lie and steal to get whatever they want. They have even taken their kids on their drug buys. They drive vehicles that are uninsured and you’re right-they do not use seat belts. Look up their names on the Maryland Judicial system website. You will see the amount of tickets they have received. (Nothing happened) Social services should have done something before things got this bad. Reply Ben Matlock on May 14, 2017 at 9:14 am Yup, it’s the government’s job to fix everything. Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 8:32 am Something tells me that you’ve housed those bums before. I’m not going to pretend that my life is perfect like most people on here do but I’m not on drugs, don’t commit violent crimes, don’t steal from stores, don’t have kids out of wedlock and I work and give back to the community as a volunteer whenever an opportunity exists. Reply Anonymous on May 12, 2017 at 8:12 pm I live in the same neighborhood as these people. There are different cars on a daily basis. The kids are always dirty and most of the time, no shoes. They play in the street (they have a yard) There is always trash laying around. They never watch the kids. I saw the youngest boy riding his bike on a DIFFERENT street than where he lives! He is only 4 or 5. We use to call people like these white trash. Reply Not from around here on May 12, 2017 at 8:59 pm Look up Patricia Largen on Facebook – for the big family picture they must have called each other and said “wear your best wife beater undershirt” for family pic. Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 8:35 pm Wow! You were right. Reply Anonymous on May 12, 2017 at 9:31 pm Addiction is sad and its ashame it destroys families. but maybe thier eyes will open in jail and realize whats truly important in life. and for those that judge. eat a Dick! !!! no one knows someone elses struggles. Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 8:00 am So you tell people not to judge and that we don’t know their struggle all the while you are judging the ones posting without knowing their struggle. I will judge trashy addicts and I will always judge trashy addicts because they made their choice to be that way. I was robbed by a trashy addict in front of my children at knifepoint. So no, I have no sympathy and I don’t care about their self imposed struggle while they are ruining their own children’s lives. And if you are one of those trashy addicts I am sure you know something about eating a dick, anything for your next fix right? Reply Anonymous on May 13, 2017 at 8:04 am This pair of trailer rats will get out of jail with a slap on the wrist and be back to stealing in no time. Reply Anonymous on May 13, 2017 at 12:10 pm White privilege even occurs in criminality Reply Anonymous on May 13, 2017 at 12:42 pm This is crazy they need help not bashing them not bad people just need help with there addiction .. Her mother tries to help her out she is raising her oldest child and helping with the other 3 .. And then of course you got her son who is running around town with a nother woman and he’s a married man and dogging is family for is on selfish needs not thinking about what he is doing to his family putting his wife and kids on the back burner for another woman and her child. So please there is all kinds of struggles .. Keep in mind struggles are real saying a prayer for this family amen Reply Anonymous on May 13, 2017 at 3:44 pm Doesn’t look like she’s doing a great job! One of her kids is a thief and the son has no morals or values! The other kids she has are thieves and drug addicts. She did drugs with them when they were teens! Reply Robert Lada on May 13, 2017 at 4:26 pm Anybody that has anything to say to me my Facebook is under Robert Lada message me directly cuz they should has nothing to do with me or my family but if y’all want to make it that way I’m not hard to find so look me up Reply Anonymous on May 14, 2017 at 8:33 am A real good role model for your kids right teach them its ok to cheat lie and have no morals . your laying down with some one who has slept with everyone in st.Mary’s county and half of Texas great job dad marriage means nothing family is nothing. Has I said for your children and your wife .hopefully she moves on and does better for those children because they sure don’t need to be around the girl friend who thinks its ok to get around if you know what I mean . Reply Bob Lob Law on May 14, 2017 at 9:41 am I would say you have a lovely family, but I’d be lying. Reply Anonymous on May 13, 2017 at 4:12 pm Seems mom has done an outstanding job raising her kids. Sure hope she does better with the grandkids. Her kids never graduated high school. They have received numerous traffic citations, arrested for stealing and owe almost $100,000 (combined) for not paying electric, cars, etc. They have been told that it is okay to lie and steal. This is not the first time for them to get arrested or just got caught. All of this information is public knowledge. I have no use for people who lie, steal, and use or neglect their kids. Lots of people have money problems, drug/alcohol problems. They still manage to take care of their family. He gets a job to pay the bills. Go to rehab. Do something! Reply Anonymous on May 14, 2017 at 6:45 pm WE ALL AGREE THE PARENTS ARE UNFIT. THE CHILDREN ARE THE ONLY THING THAT MATTERS. SOCIAL SERVICES NEEDS TO TAKE THEM. MOM AND DAD NEED TO GO TO REHAB. GET A JOB. FIND A SAFE PLACE TO LIVE. ONLY THEN SHOULD THEY WORK TOWARDS GETTING THEIR KIDS BACK. Reply Anonymous on May 13, 2017 at 8:30 pm THE ONLY THING THAT SHOULD MATTER IS THE CHILDREN!!! Social services needs to step up!!! Do your job!! Reply Anonymous on May 13, 2017 at 10:23 pm PROTECT THESE KIDS!!! TAKE THEM. MOM AND DAD NEED TO GET CLEAN. GET JOBS. LEARN HOW TO BE PARENTS. THEN PROVE YOU ARE WORTHY TO RAISE YOUR CHILDREN!! Reply w warrior on May 14, 2017 at 8:47 am Sounds like live PD and Jerry Springer need to start recruiting from St Mary’s. This is ridiculous! Reply Danielle on May 15, 2017 at 1:17 pm I’m so glad we moved away because everyone in MD does nothing but talk about everyone! Everyone knows everyone there is no privacy! Some of you are bashing an entire family when some of us are embarrassed by all of these things and do not approve of the constant drama/stupidity! So before you talk and judge (quilty by association/blood relation) know that me and mine have our lives together! But it’s family so what can you do but pray for them! So quit judging worry about yourselves that’s what we do! Grow up and stop running your mouths like your still in high school. It’s truly pathetic that you all can annoyomously run your mouths about stuff behind a computer/phone that you know little about, majority probably harsh rumors no doubt! Everyone has a chapter in their life they do not read out loud! Yes I do agree these children deserve better parents because they are being selfish but that’s what drugs do to people! You can’t help everyone and I’m positive there’s at least one drug addict in some of your families since MD is crawling with heroin/crack/coke/pills! At least half the people I use to chill with years ago now go to meetings for their drug addictions and I had absolutely no idea they even had a problem! Do not I repeat DO NOT put me and mine into this because we have NOTHING to do with any of this!!! We are completely different people so yes their mother did do one thing right because my husband is a wonderful man and puts his family first and she is damn proud of him! I will always stand behind my mother in law and will not let you bring her down because of your ignorance! You can’t make anyone do anything these are grown people not like she can whoop their butts or put them in time out! She’s a great mom and cares deeply! Yes she made mistakes who hasn’t but she owns them all and does her best to make up for it! So from here on out keep this conversation about Brian and Patricia not everyone else! When the others god forbid do something wrong and get put on blast then you have a right to talk until then be quiet and mind your own! I could go on and on but I’ve already wasted too much time with this drama! Thank you for reading and have a great day! :) Reply Bob Lob Law on May 15, 2017 at 2:08 pm Go make me a sandwich. Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 4:18 pm If you are a “caring” relative, why haven’t you done something. As their aunt, maybe you should have called social services before everything got out-of-hand. Sorry, I believe you are as much to blame. You knew what those kids and did nothing You are just as guilty! Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 7:48 pm saw your picture on facebook Did you really think taking a shower would matter? Did you remember to give the kids a bath? Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment * Name Email Archives May 2017 (153) April 2017 (272) March 2017 (314) February 2017 (241) January 2017 (250) December 2016 (241) November 2016 (256) October 2016 (319) September 2016 (270) August 2016 (275) July 2016 (240) June 2016 (298) May 2016 (372) April 2016 (288) March 2016 (323) February 2016 (330) January 2016 (296) December 2015 (299) November 2015 (267) October 2015 (323) September 2015 (340) August 2015 (320) July 2015 (309) June 2015 (351) May 2015 (289) April 2015 (300) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (264) January 2015 (285) December 2014 (271) November 2014 (272) October 2014 (288) September 2014 (324) August 2014 (272) July 2014 (298) June 2014 (306) May 2014 (376) April 2014 (451) March 2014 (584) February 2014 (503) January 2014 (627) December 2013 (603) November 2013 (587) October 2013 (600) September 2013 (543) August 2013 (528) July 2013 (594) June 2013 (559) May 2013 (591) April 2013 (614) March 2013 (542) February 2013 (445) January 2013 (455) December 2012 (389) November 2012 (415) October 2012 (552) September 2012 (376) August 2012 (307) July 2012 (318) June 2012 (317) May 2012 (325) April 2012 (294) March 2012 (319) February 2012 (291) January 2012 (311) December 2011 (290) November 2011 (294) October 2011 (239) September 2011 (251) Copyright © 2016 Southern Maryland News Net. All Rights Reserved.
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 25° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 40-53 We set you thinking Tuesday 16 May 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Family Travel Jetsetting with The Insider Checklist Travel Revolution Natas Style 5 Questions With Style Scoop Beauty Beauty Intel Food Best Thing I've Had For S$10 Food Listings Food Reviews Recipes This Round's On Cars newstream World Duterte says Turkey, Mongolia could join Asean 1494917214 World Asylum seekers in Papua New Guinea fear they will be put at risk by relocation 1494916501 Singapore Singapore navy to acquire two more German-made Type 218SG submarines 1494904980 World Trump revealed intelligence secrets to Russians in Oval Office: officials 1494907789 World North Korea vows missile tests 'any time, any place', defying U.S. warnings 1494859168 World Ransomware attack again thrusts U.S. spy agency into unwanted spotlight 1494915362 World Researchers say global cyber attack similar to North Korean hacks 1494915362 Entertainment Arab TV series dramatises life under IS 1494915060 World US says Syrians built crematorium at prison to dispose of bodies 1494876780 Business Absent from America, French cars drive into Iran election 1494914747 World Afghan forces retake district near northern city of Kunduz 1494913797 Business U.S. home appliances shipments rise 13.7 percent year-on-year in April 1494914017 World Homes of Indian ex-finance minister, son searched in criminal probe 1494913345 Tech What is bitcoin? A look at the digital currency 1494913611 Business Asia stocks at two-year highs, look pricey; oil climbs 1494913072 Entertainment Zac Efron to star as serial killer Ted Bundy in new movie﻿ 1494912411 Business Oil prices build on gains on expectation of extended crude supply cut 1494911966 Daily Focus Risk of heart attack spikes after flu: Study 1494911814 World Car bombs kill at least six in Syrian camp near Jordan border 1494911380 World Separate attacks kill renowned Mexican reporter, wound local magazine executive 1494911422 World Philippines’ Duterte open to South China Sea deals 1494910314 Entertainment Mandopop singer Show Luo to perform in S’pore on Aug 12 1494909360 China&India Chinese spent US$24 billion on US, other ‘golden visas’ 1494909418 Business Euro sets one-week high ahead of GDP data; dollar inches lower 1494908498 World Facebook still accessible in Thailand as government deadline passes 1494907262 Voices Asean must show unity when dealing with big powers 1494906410 World Malaysia faces the threat of ‘unwanted tourists’ 1494906114 Business Ford to cut North America, Asia salaried workers by 10 percent: source 1494905583 Singapore Going the extra mile to make fashion inclusive 1494852360 Business AEM Holdings bounces back after dark days 1494878520 Entertainment Foo Fighters to perform at National Stadium on Aug 26 1494900480 World US man beheads mother on Mothers’ Day, carries head to grocery store 1494901315 Business Japan govt says Toshiba and Western Digital need to get along 1494900941 Business Western Digital takes legal action to block sale of Toshiba's chip unit 1494896735 World Want to buy a home? Skip the avocado toast, real estate mogul suggests 1494898560 Singapore Mobile app that could spell end of parking coupons being tested 1494836820 Entertainment Disney blackmailed over apparent movie hack: Reports 1494899813 World Malaysia’s Customs Dept wages all-out war against illicit trade 1494899211 World Anti-Maduro protests persist in Venezuela, with sit-ins and roadblocks 1494884787 World Meet the 22-year-old surfer geek who saved the day for Britain’s NHS 1494878520 Business Payments have not led to data recovery in cyber attack: White House 1494896916 Daily Focus Do hand sanitisers really cut down on illness? 1494897112 China&India Indian twins become billionaires riding family’s scooter draft 1494896512 Business Several top fund managers trim Allergan stakes in first quarter 1494895260 World Dr M’s Vision 2020 was about ‘colouring competitions, imaginary flying cars’: Malaysia’s youth minister 1494895311 Business Disappointed with UBS loss, Singapore's GIC fund cuts stake 1494872220 World 22-year-old computer whiz who beat WannaCry says he’s no hero 1494895010 World Math champion wins with answer about pecking chicks 1494894716 Tech Investing in tech to tackle an awful annoyance: Lost luggage 1494894114 Business Icahn takes new 19.8 million share stake in Conduent in first quarter 1494893649 Tech Investing in tech to tackle an awful annoyance: Lost luggage A passenger checking in her luggage using the self-service kiosk. Photo: Changi Airport Group mail print View all comments Tweet By Martha C White - - Published: 8:20 AM, May 16, 2017 NEW YORK — Sleep versus clean clothes: This was the dilemma faced by Bill Corbett Jr, a public relations firm owner who, after a four-hour flight delay, arrived in Denver around 3.30 in the morning last summer, only to discover that his suitcase had not made it onto the flight. “I had an important meeting with a client that started at 7.30am,” he said. “I had a choice — I probably could’ve gone to an all-night Wal-Mart, but that would’ve taken me another hour.” In the end, sleep won. The missing bag, he said, “just caused a whole level of stress you don’t want to have when you’re in a business situation.” The airline industry says its rate of mishandled baggage is lower than ever. In fact, earlier this month, the air transport technology company SITA said the rate of mishandled bags worldwide was 5.73 per thousand last year, down more than 12 per cent from 2015 and the lowest ever recorded. SITA attributed much of the reduction to investments by airlines and airports in technology improvements. Still, that is small comfort to the lone traveler waiting by a deserted carousel with a sinking feeling. Passenger aviation experts say there are myriad reasons a bag can go missing. (They prefer the terms “delayed” or “mishandled.”) “Weather and missed connections are by far the largest proportion” of causes for bags not arriving on time, said Gareth Joyce, senior vice president of airport customer service and cargo at Delta Air Lines. Mark Matthews, director of customer planning operations at American Airlines, agreed. “When you’re talking about hub-and-spoke carriers, there’s a lot of complexity about transferring bags to connecting flights,” he said. Shorter connection times also play a role. While passengers might be able to sprint to the next gate, their checked bags might not make it there as quickly. Damaged or torn-off tags, along with human error, are also contributors. “The human element can always throw a wrench into the works,” said George Hobica, founder of AirfareWatchdog.com, recalling a trip where he realised the agent checking him in had affixed the wrong luggage tag to his suitcase. “If I hadn’t caught it, it would’ve gone to God knows where,” he said. Jessica Sweet, a resident of Charlotte, North Carolina, recalled landing in New York around the holidays last year after a business trip without her checked bag — and a winter coat, which she had packed in her checked luggage. Her suitcase arrived about 24 hours later, but when it did, Sweet said her makeup bag and a pair of prescription sunglasses were missing. “It’s almost worth spending the extra money if I have a higher guarantee my bags will be there with me,” she said. Peter Drummond, baggage portfolio director at SITA, pointed to the new bag-handling data as evidence that investment in new technology and better baggage handling procedures had paid off. But, he said, the drop also coincided with the major carriers beginning to charge passenger fees for checking a bag. Those fees reduced the number of travelers checking bags. “When airlines started charging for checked baggage, that more than likely had an effect on the mishandled rate,” Mr Dummond said. “But over that same time period, what we had is a vast increase in the use of technology for tracking bags as well.” The new bag tags are embedded with RFID chips (for radio-frequency identification), which means the location of bags is tracked and electronically cross-checked against a database to make sure that they are in the right place at the right time. Airline and airport management say this increases security, since each bag is linked to a ticketed passenger. It also speeds up the discovery of a bag in the wrong place so the process of reconnecting a bag to its owner can begin sooner. “RFID, from a customer experience point of view, has brought transparency to the customer,” Mr Joyce, of Delta Air Lines, said. “We’ve invested about US$50 million (S$69.87 million) in deploying this tech across our organisation,” he said. That investment includes integrating this data into the Delta mobile app. “If you’re travelling and you check a bag, you get a push notification when your bag is loaded,” Mr Joyce said. Representatives from American, United and Southwest also said they were building similar systems with advanced bag-tracking capabilities. At most airports in the United States, the airlines have operational control of their terminals, so it is incumbent on them to add new technology. But Mr Drummond said airports also had a stake in making sure their airlines were doing their job. “If an airport had a lot of mishandled bags and passengers see that, that reputation will precede that airport,” he said. “So the incentive there is with the airport as well.” That is one of the reasons the Port Authority of New York and New Jersey, which operates a portion of Newark Liberty International Airport’s Terminal B, has spent US$2.3 million installing a more sophisticated, RFID-based tracking system. “As terminal operator, we have a responsibility to ensure a certain level of service in that terminal,” said Diane Papaianni, the airport’s general manager. That kind of tracking is going to become more the norm. By June of next year, the International Air Transport Association has stipulated that all airlines must maintain an accurate inventory of passenger baggage by tracking when each piece of checked luggage moves on, off or between planes. “It should help primarily with inter-carrier handoffs,” said Dan McKone, head of the travel and transport practice at LEK Consulting. “Inter-carrier handoffs have the largest degree of mishandling.” “The knowledge that an airline has your bag, even if it’s being mishandled, creates peace of mind for the customer,” he said. Travellers say, though, that while they appreciate updates about where their errant luggage is, that is good only if the information is accurate. “While that’s great to know where it is, getting it back was probably a bigger issue for me,” said Rebecca Cohen, whose bag went astray on the Miami-to-New York leg of an extended trip. “Trying to contact people to resolve this was nearly impossible,” she said. Ms Cohen said it took days for her bag to be returned, and the updates she received in the interim were inconsistent and even contradictory. “They did tell me it was in Miami and I could track it,” she said. “It didn’t show up. I called and they said it was actually still in Miami and the tracker was incorrect.” NEW YORK TIMES mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Tech READ COMMENTED ‘Smart’ solar palm trees power Wi-Fi, phones in Dubai ‘Sextortion’, a new cyber crime, is common: Study ‘PCs will not go away in the next five or 10 years’ ‘PCs not dead yet’ ‘MyShake’ app, a personal tsunami warning system What is bitcoin? A look at the digital currency US intel chiefs express doubts about Kaspersky security software because of Russian roots Man thanks iPhone’s Siri for saving his life in explosion Investing in tech to tackle an awful annoyance: Lost luggage Inside Today World Duterte says Turkey, Mongolia could join Asean Asylum seekers in Papua New Guinea fear they will be put at risk by relocation Researchers say global cyber attack similar to North Korean hacks Ransomware attack again thrusts U.S. spy agency into unwanted spotlight Arab TV series dramatises life under IS Business Researchers say global cyber attack similar to North Korean hacks Ransomware attack again thrusts U.S. spy agency into unwanted spotlight Absent from America, French cars drive into Iran election U.S. home appliances shipments rise 13.7 percent year-on-year in April Asia stocks at two-year highs, look pricey; oil climbs Sports I’d have been sacked at ‘big club’, says Man City boss Guardiola Dream start for Andrew Tang in China GT C’ship Sorry, Home, but we’re going to the final, says Global Decimated Home counting on squad players to step up in AFC semis clash Malaysia hires Portuguese Nelo Vingada as new football head coach Entertainment Arab TV series dramatises life under IS Zac Efron to star as serial killer Ted Bundy in new movie﻿ Mandopop singer Show Luo to perform in S’pore on Aug 12 Foo Fighters to perform at National Stadium on Aug 26 Disney blackmailed over apparent movie hack: Reports About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Markets BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Here's how the top 5 tech giants make their billions Jeff Desjardins, Visual Capitalist May 15, 2017, 8:16 PM 2,952 facebook linkedin twitter email print Last year, we published a chart showing that tech companies have displaced traditional blue chip companies like Exxon Mobil and Walmart as the most valuable companies in the world. Here are the latest market valuations for those same five companies: Visual Capitalist Together, they are worth $2.9 trillion in market capitalization – and they combined in FY2016 for revenues of $555 billion with a $94 billion bottom line. BRINGING HOME THE BACON? Despite all being at the top of the stock market food chain, the companies are at very different stages. In 2016, Apple experienced its first annual revenue decline since 2001, but the company brought home a profit equal to that of all other four companies combined. On the other hand, Amazon is becoming a revenue machine with very little margin, while Facebook generates 5x more profit despite far smaller top line numbers. Visual Capitalist HOW THEY MAKE THEIR BILLIONS Each of these companies is pretty unique in how they generate revenue, though there is some overlap: Facebook and Alphabet each make the vast majority of their revenues from advertising (97% and 88%, respectively) Apple makes 63% of their revenue from the iPhone, and another 21% coming from the iPad and Mac lines Amazon makes 90% from its “Product” and “Media” categories, and 9% from AWS Microsoft is diverse: Office (28%), servers (22%), Xbox (11%), Windows (9%), ads (7%), Surface (5%), and other (18%) Lastly, for fun, what if we added all these companies’ revenues together, and categorized them by source? Visual Capitalist Note: this isn’t perfect. As an example, Amazon’s fast-growing advertising business gets lumped into their “Other” category. Hardware, e-commerce, and and advertising make up 76% of all revenues. Meanwhile, software isn’t the cash cow it used to be, but it does help serve as a means to an end for some companies. For example, Android doesn’t generate any revenue directly, but it does allow more users to buy apps in the Play Store and to search Google via their mobile devices. Likewise, Apple bundles in operating systems with each hardware purchase. Courtesy of: Visual Capitalist Read the original article on Visual Capitalist. Get rich, visual content on business and investing for free at the Visual Capitalist website, or follow Visual Capitalist on Twitter, Facebook, or LinkedIn for the latest. Copyright 2017. Follow Visual Capitalist on Twitter. More from Visual Capitalist: SEE ALSO: Here's what to make of Warren Buffett dumping some IBM NOW WATCH: China built a $350 million bridge that ends in a dirt field in North Korea Loading video... More: Visual Capitalist Tech facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Here's how the top 5 tech giants make their billions Here's how the top 5 tech giants make their billions Last year, we published a chart showing that... Recommended For You Disclaimer Featured THE BOTTOM LINE: Jamie Dimon and trillion dollar Apple More "The Bottom Line" » 12 of the most cutting-edge workplace innovations inside fast-growing tech companies More "Boardroom 2030" » Markets Emails & Alerts Get the best of Business Insider delivered to your inbox every day. Sign-Up Get the Slide Deck from Henry Blodget's IGNITION Presentation on the Future of Digital     Read Business Insider On The Go Available on iOS or Android Find A Job Tech Jobs C-Level Jobs Media Jobs Design Jobs Finance Jobs Sales Jobs See All Jobs » Thanks to our partners Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT JP
Search News 9Honey Finance Sport TV Celebrity Fashion & Beauty Homes Diet & Fitness Recipes Travel Viral 9News NATIONAL LOCAL NSW VIC QLD SA WA NT TAS CANBERRA GOLD COAST ILLAWARRA NSW CENTRAL WEST RIVERINA WORLD 9RAW WEATHER MORE Politics Health 6PM News Finance Technology Your Say Sport Entertainment Meet the team Crime Good News Buzz 60 Minutes Contact Us 9Stories A Current Affair 60 Minutes Today Inside Story Send us a story, photo or video 9news › world › Chased shoplifter in spectacular trolley stack World 9:30am May 16, 2017 Chased shoplifter in spectacular trolley stack By nine.com.au staff A clumsy Canadian shoplifter had only a few seconds to enjoy her ill-gotten gains before tripping over in a carpark last month. Video from a Walmart store in Fergus, Ontario province, showed the thief being chased by staff as she was making off with $650 of stolen items in a shopping trolley. But she only made it a few metres from the shop entrance before spectacularly stumbling to the ground. The trolley then hits a car park curb and tumbles over. The store worker chasing the shoplifter briefly confronted her before she ran off in the April 26 incident, reports The Guelph Mercury. The incident was sparked when staff at the store recognised the woman from another theft, days earlier. In both incidents the woman was aided by unidentified suspects and is believed to be part of a shoplifting gang. Police say her accomplices are two men and three women. © Nine Digital Pty Ltd 2017 World Canada Send your photos, videos and stories to 9NEWS Email contact@9news.com.au Large files 9news.wetransfer.com You can remain anonymous. Click here for more information. Career news: Part-time and casual opportunities increasing - seek.com.au Career news: Nine types of managers and how to manage them - seek.com.au Career news: How to ask why you didn't get the job - seek.com.au Auto news: GM could sell Opel to Peugeot parent - caradvice.com.au Auto news: Autonomous cars won’t kill people, but they will ‘take our jobs’ - caradvice.com.au Auto news:  What does the new American president mean for the auto industry? - caradvice.com.au Auto news: A new Hyundai ute is now on the cards - caradvice.com.au Auto news:  Buying a new car? Here are 11 things you should consider first - caradvice.com.au LIVE FEED Wests Tigers five-eighth Mitchell Moses finally joins Parramatta Top News SHOPS LOCKED DOWN: Armed robbers raid jewellery store in busy Melbourne shopping centre killer chef: Neighbours heard arguing from Brisbane unit before grisly murder 'Pedophile ring': Bust linked to arrest of A Current Affair's Ben McCormack Post a comment on this story Show Comments Top 5 Small Cars Emirates Airfare SALE! Search for jobs 30 Day Free Trial Deposit $50 bet with $200* Shop Home and Garden Back to top News Breaking News World News News videos Weather Sport Wide World of Sports Cricket NRL AFL Live scores Entertainment TheFIX Latest celebrity news TV guide Daily crossword Daily horoscope Daily quiz Movie times Pedestrian TV Lifestyle Fashion Diet & Fitness Viral Homes Recipes Travel Catch-up TV The Voice Love Child The Last Resort Survivor 60 Minutes Britain's Got Talent Careers Advertise with us Help Terms of use Privacy © 2017 Nine Digital Pty Ltd Feedback
» · Trump · DonaldTrump · Russia · Republicans · Democrats · JamesComey · Community · GOP · FederalBureauofInvestigation · election · Comey · HealthCare · Progressives · 2018 · TeaParty · Politics · Impeachment · Senate · Vote · GOTV · Media · MothersDay · trumpcare · PaulRyan · WhiteHouse · 2018Election · trumprussia · Obamacare · Congress · VladimirPutin Sign up Log in 0 Messages New Blog Entry Drafts View/Edit My Profile Image Library My Groups My Stories My Activity Stream My Comments Subscribe to hide ads Show Ads Hide Ads Log out   Blog It! Help Join the mailing list News Front Page Elections Labor Comics Daily Kos Liberation League Radio   More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Community Recommended Most Shared Recent Stories Community Spotlight GROUPS Readers and Book Lovers Science Matters ClassWarfare Newsletter More... More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » More Stories » Action Sign the petition: I am not a reporter, and I want to see Donald Trump’s tax returns Despite promising to release his tax returns in a televised debate with Hillary Clinton, Donald Trump continues to show that... Sign if you agree: Jeff Sessions must resign, and a special prosecutor must investigate Trump's ties to Russia At his Senate confirmation hearing, Attorney General Jeff Sessions lied under oath that he had never had contact with the... Sign the petition: Don't mess with Social Security! Donald Trump campaigned on protecting Social Security and Medicare, but like most Trump scams we are already seeing that... See All 10 Campaigns » Daily Kos Labor Queue Stream Members Following Profile Billionaires pour millions into buying Los Angeles school board seats for the Betsy DeVos agenda By Laura Clawson   Friday May 12, 2017 · 9:01 AM PDT 2017/05/12 · 09:01 52 Comments Share this article 103 103 103 Betsy DeVos Add to Blog RSS Update Edit Administration Un-Rescue Rescue REBLOGGED BY TAGS Education Elections EliBroad LosAngeles ReedHastings 2017 SteveZimmer dorisfisher ImeldaPadilla Edit Tags Tag History × Tag History No history yet. Done Editing Tags 52 Comments Share this article 103 103 103 Betsy DeVos Billionaires keep trying to buy seats on the Los Angeles school board to promote privatized charter schools in the city just as Betsy DeVos wants to do nationwide. The outside money is pouring in to the races for two critical seats on the board: Netflix co-founder Reed Hastings has given $5 million, two Walmart heirs have given six figures apiece, Gap co-founder Doris Fisher has given more than $1 million, reliable corporate education policy funder Eli Broad has put in six figures. Interestingly enough, some of these same names popped up as big donors back in 2012 opposing a statewide proposition to fund public education. But sure, they’re giving big money to school board races now out of a sincere concern for the kids. The targets of all this money are Steve Zimmer, the current school board president, and Imelda Padilla, who is running for an open seat. Zimmer and Padilla are not only backed by the teachers union but have been endorsed by Bernie Sanders and Our Revolution. The stakes are high: Los Angeles already has a lot of charter schools but the big-money charter backers are looking for unrestrained expansion, to the detriment of public schools. California already spends big money on charter schools it doesn’t need and that don’t improve the quality of education. The millions of dollars being poured into defeating Steve Zimmer and Imelda Padilla are intended to make that worse.  52 Comments Share this article 103 103 103 52 Comments Comment Settings Close Settings Auto refresh Collapse on load Show hidden Show until I hide Comments are closed on this story. ( f ) Recommend ( r ) Reply More hints... ( p ) Parent ( o ) Open/Close ( j ) Next Unread ( k ) Prev Unread ( J ) Next ( K ) Prev Back to Story Show Parent Thread Recommended list Most Shared © Kos Media, LLC Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Site content may be used for any purpose without explicit permission unless otherwise specified. “Kos” and “Daily Kos” are registered trademarks of Kos Media, LLC. Privacy Policy Daily Kos Front Page Elections Labor Radio Comics RSS About Masthead History Writers Terms Rules of the Road DMCA Copyright Notice Endorsements Privacy Merchandise Shirts Advertising Advertising Overview Stats for advertisers Contact Media Inquiries General Inquiries Jobs × Close Close Close Save changes
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations Opinion Kruppenbacher's comment dents OIA reputation, too: Letters Breakdowns by OIA’s new shuttle provoked astonishment that a malfunctioning train triggered such a debacle for which there was no rescue. Breakdowns by OIA’s new shuttle provoked astonishment that a malfunctioning train triggered such a debacle for which there was no rescue. Privacy Policy Regarding the Sunday article, “Recent shuttle debacle dents OIA’s reputation”: The quote from Orlando International Airport Chairman Frank Kruppenbacher — “Could we come up with vouchers we could give passengers for a drink or, like you could get a cup of coffee or a soda?” — calls into question his grasp on reality. Did he really think that a voucher for a drink would make everything all right for the people who missed flights or had to walk 1,888 feet with carry-ons to try and catch a flight or got bused somewhere else because no contingency plan was effective to solve these problems? A cup of coffee or a soda would not even scratch the surface to show how sensitive you were or weren't, Mr. Kruppenbacher. Larry Blair Sanford Parker highlights a touch of class How refreshing it was to read Kathleen Parker’s column about Condoleezza Rice’s appearance on “Morning Joe” and Sally Yates at the congressional hearings. Parker reminds us that competence and class still exist in this country. I felt proud when I saw these two women in action (Rice and Yates) It reminded me of the past when I watched Kennedy and Reagan. Regardless of your party affiliation, you went away proud that you were an American and that they were leading our country. Rice and Yates both demonstrate that logic, reason and class still exist in American women and men, but unfortunately those who have these characteristics are smart enough to stay away from politics. These two need more exposure to show us what real Americans look like. Joe Baranska Apopka Whiskey, Wheaties and Wal-Mart Much has been written about the “Whiskey and Wheaties” legislation and its potential impact on local businesses. It’s surprising to hear this, because for 35 years, Wal-Mart has been a driving force behind the success of many local businesses in Florida. When my store opened in Lake Nona earlier this year, we sought out relationships across the Orlando community to ensure our store was the community’s store. In fact, in addition to sourcing a variety of products locally, we’ve partnered with a Florida-based organic fast-food restaurant because we know that’s what our customers want. But what’s most impressive here is how significant Wal-Mart’s impact is in our community. In just Orange County alone, Wal-Mart employs more than 7,000 associates and has contributed millions over the years in cash and in-kind donations to local charities. I’m proud of Wal-Mart’s impact in our local community and the steps we continue to take as a company to keep pace with the needs and wants of our customers, like any other retailer. The fact is retail is an ever-changing environment, and now, more than ever, customers want the option to shop when they want and how they want. James Schroder Store Manager #4365 Lake Nona Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Condoleezza Rice News Sports Entertainment Business Classified Travel Legal Notices Obituaries 72°
Special Offer for Philly.com Readers / Get The Philadelphia Inquirer and Daily News Special Offer for Philly.com Readers News Sports Business Health Entertainment Food Opinion Real Estate Obits Search icon SectionsClose Search Search Search Search icon News Latest Pennsylvania New Jersey Politics Education Special Reports Sports Eagles Phillies Flyers Sixers Union College High School Entertainment Celebs & Gossip Things to Do TV Movies Arts Puzzles Comics Business Cars Jobs Health Biz Philly Deals Real Estate Small Business Investing Health Kids' Health Running Nutrition Sports Medicine Food Clean Plates Craig LaBan The Insider Opinion Blogs Columnists Letters Lifestyle Home & Design Sex & Dating Style Travel Marketplace Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers Online All Classifieds People Births Celebrations Engagements Obituaries Death Notices Your Day Event Calendar PMN Events Horoscope Lottery Weather Newsletters Advertise Contact Us Permissions Reprints Powered By Inquirer logo Subscribe Daily News logo Subscribe business — Comcast NBCUniversal preens its shows, tells advertisers ‘trust us’ Updated: May 15, 2017 — 6:43 PM EDT Facebook icon 2Share Twitter icon Tweet Tumblr icon Tumblr Mail icon Email Comment icon 0 Comment Reprints & Permissions REPRINTS Popular Stories Shopping Cart icon Buy Photo Bob Fernandez/Staff Writer Advertising executives, critics and others depart Radio City Musical in New York after Comcast-owned NBCUniversal previewed its fall schedule, an event known as the “upfront.” by Bob Fernandez, Staff Writer Twitter icon @bobfernandez1 | Mail icon bob.fernandez@phillynews.com Close icon Mail icon Email Twitter icon @bobfernandez1 Phone icon 215-854-5897 Bob Fernandez Staff Writer Bob Fernandez covers the telecommunications and media industries and frequently writes about Comcast Corp. More by Bob Fernandez NBCUniversal preens its shows, tells advertisers ‘trust us’ May 15 Comcast-owned Sprout channel rebranding, seeks older kids May 12 Verizon is exiting email service, but you can take steps to keep your address May 9 More from Bob Fernandez Arrow icon NEW YORK — NBCUniversal’s pitch to advertisers, agents, producers, and critics at its once-a-year preening, known as the upfront, was simple: Trust television, and be skeptical of YouTube, Facebook, and online platforms. “TV is the most effective advertising medium ever. You know it. We know it and our friends in Silicon Valley know it,” Linda Yaccarino, the chairman of advertising sales and client partnerships for NBCUniversal, said in opening the two-hour event at Radio City Music Hall, in which the Comcast-owned entertainment conglomerate trotted out celebrities, such as Jennifer Lopez and Seth Myers, and previewed new shows. “TV reaches real people,” Yaccarino added, scoffing at online audience-measurement tools such as views and likes. “That should be game over.” General Motors, Walmart, and PepsiCo pulled advertisements from YouTube after reports surfaced in Europe that paid ads were appearing near racist, homophobic, or anti-Semitic videos. Facebook admitted last year that it had overestimated the clicks on advertisements on its platform, leading to disgruntled marketers. Still, digital platforms are challenging to NBCUniversal and fellow TV networks CBS, ABC, and Fox in the battle for eyeballs. The research firm eMarketer estimated that digital ad spending surpassed television for the first time in 2016. NBCUniversal has fought the online tide by dishing out tens of billions of dollars for TV sports rights to televise live events — next February it will televise both the Winter Olympics in South Korea and the Super Bowl — and revamping some of its cable networks. Yaccarino noted to the crowd of about 6,000 that NBCUniversal and Comcast have put about $1.5 billion into digital properties, among them BuzzFeed and Snap Inc., to reach the digital and mobile audiences. “We are the only company that can reach every smartphone in the country,” she added. A bright spot for the Comcast-owned entertainment conglomerate has been the NBC broadcast network, which had been given up for dead before Comcast bought NBCUniversal from General Electric in 2011. Early in the Comcast ownership days, NBCUniversal desperately looked for a hit, piloting 17 to 22 shows a year to find one that would boost its standings. It currently has a big hit with This Is Us, which will enter its second season this fall. Because of the strong ratings, NBC piloted only 12 shows for the upcoming TV season and will air only three new ones this fall: a Will & Grace revival, a show about a military special ops unit, and a true crime series produced by Dick Wolf, creator of NBC’s Law & Order franchise. Even as the TV network audience has declined and ad-revenue growth slowed, NBC and other free over-the-air broadcast networks have boosted their financial performance in recent years with so-called retransmission fees, which are charged to TV distributors to carry NBC, CBS, ABC, and Fox. Only a few years ago, Comcast, DirecTV, and other pay-TV operators carried those over-the-air networks without fees. Today, they fork over billions of dollars in new fees to carry those networks — a boon to NBC and others. Analysts say it is highly profitable, but those fees also inflate bills, even as many people consider dropping pay-TV or not signing on to it at all because of costs. In 2016, NBC broadcast-TV revenue rose 10 percent to $9 billion, without taking into consideration the Rio Olympics, and profits soared 69 percent to $1.3 billion — partly as a result of these new fees. Read more by Bob Fernandez Published: May 15, 2017 — 3:01 AM EDT | Updated: May 15, 2017 — 6:43 PM EDT Thanks for your continued support... We recently asked you to support our journalism. The response, in a word, is heartening. You have encouraged us in our mission — to provide quality news and watchdog journalism. Some of you have even followed through with subscriptions, which is especially gratifying. Our role as an independent, fact-based news organization has never been clearer. And our promise to you is that we will always strive to provide indispensable journalism to our community. Subscriptions are available for home delivery of the print edition and for a digital replica viewable on your mobile device or computer. Subscriptions start as low as 25¢ per day. We're thankful for your support in every way. We encourage respectful comments but reserve the right to delete anything that doesn't contribute to an engaging dialogue Help us moderate this thread by flagging comments that violate our guidelines Commenting policy | Comments FAQ Comment policy: Philly.com comments are intended to be civil, friendly conversations. Please treat other participants with respect and in a way that you would want to be treated. You are responsible for what you say. And please, stay on topic. If you see an objectionable post, please report it to us using the "Report Abuse" option. Please note that comments are monitored by Philly.com staff. We reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable. Personal attacks, especially on other participants, are not permitted. We reserve the right to permanently block any user who violates these terms and conditions. Additionally comments that are long, have multiple paragraph breaks, include code, or include hyperlinks may not be posted. Load comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Continue Reading More in business PhillyDeals Philadelphia sues Wells Fargo for discriminating against African Americans; bank denies allegations Small Business Plush sports-doll maker Bleacher Creatures files for bankruptcy Business PHL is likely to get a new FAA air traffic control tower Bill would break Delaware River height limits for S. Philly high-rise project NewCourtland buys PHA’s Liddonfield site NewCourtland will expand its senior housing and health-care programs at the former public housing site in Upper Holmesburg. Philadelphia International Airport has job fair; 300 openings available Complaint lays out case against Amtrak engineer Bryn Mawr about to lose another longtime fixture Philly is robotics hub of the East Coast Developers pin hopes on new Market East luxury digs, and a lot more Wilmington’s sibling developers bet on their hometown Philly.com logo is powered by Inquirer logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Daily News logo Digital Edition Subscribe Subscriber Services Twitter icon @phillydotcom Facebook icon /phillydotcom News & Info News Sports Entertainment Business Health Food Lifestyle Opinion Event Calendar Archives Marketplace Deals Find a Home Job Listings Print Offers All Classifieds About us About Philly.com Advertise Contact Us Licensing & Permissions Photo Reprints Newspapers In Education Career Opportunities Internships Acel Moore Workshop   Mobile Apps Email Notifications Morning headlines Eagles This Week Things To Do Dining In and Out Sports Business Health Lifestyle PMN Events Show all ▾ Show some ▾ © Copyright 2017 Philadelphia Media Network (Digital), LLC Terms of Use & Privacy Policy
Foosball Equipment Market - Drivers and Forecasts by Technavio Technavio has published a new report on the global foosball equipment market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Download Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail ???pagination.previous??? ???pagination.next??? Technavio has published a new report on the global foosball equipment market from 2017-2021. (Graphic: Business Wire) Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail Full Size Small Preview Thumbnail May 15, 2017 06:03 PM Eastern Daylight Time LONDON--(BUSINESS WIRE)--Technavio analysts forecast the global foosball equipment market to grow at a CAGR of over 3% during the forecast period, according to their latest report. The research study covers the present scenario and growth prospects of the global foosball equipment market for 2017-2021. Technavio presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The analysts have presented the various facets of the market with a particular focus on identifying the key industry influencers. Sporting goods retailers offer popular brands of foosball equipment and are, thus, attractive shopping destinations for the consumers in the market. The sporting goods retailers' shops segment dominated the global foosball equipment market in 2016 with a share of 44.58% of the market. DICK's Sporting Goods is one of the key examples of sporting goods retailers. Looking for more information on this market? Request a free sample report Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Technavio analysts highlight the following three factors that are contributing to the growth of the global foosball equipment market: Rise in online sales E-retailing is the fastest growing among all retail segments. In 2014, the overall revenue of this segment was valued at USD 1.35 trillion and is expected to reach USD 2.7 trillion by 2019, growing at a rate of almost 12%-13% by 2019. The biggest players in the global online retail market for foosball equipment are Amazon, Walmart, and Target. Brijesh Kumar Choubey, a lead retail goods and services research analyst at Technavio, says, “The growing number of online websites offering foosball tables is increasing its demand. E-retailing of various products, including foosball tables, is gaining popularity because of it being a time-saving and cost-effective purchasing process.” Advent of organized retail Foosball equipment is primarily sold through organized retail chains like specialty stores and department stores. The retail sectors in developing nations like China, India, and Brazil have been undergoing rapid transition with a rise in organized retail. Organized retailers provide many products under the same roof in a systematic manner. “The share of organized retail is increasing with a change in government policies and an increase in consumer preference for modern retail channels. Some of the popular department stores selling foosball equipment are Macy’s and Walmart in the US, Tesco in the UK, and Decathlon in India,” adds Brijesh. Growing demand for high-end game tables An increase in the number of luxury homes around the world and the need to fill these homes with quality furniture is increasing the demand for high-end game tables. As a result, premium furniture importers like Emerson et Cie are offering high-end game tables. Emerson et Cie offers 10 game tables; most of these tables are suitable for rooms that have secondary seating areas, and the others are suitable for large master suites that have small seating or dining areas. Top vendors: Bonzini Garlando Sports & Leisure Rene Pierre Shelti Tornado Browse Related Reports: Global Ab and Core Toning Machine Market 2017-2021 Global Humidifiers Market 2017-2021 Online Retail Market in the US 2017-2021 Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like engineering tools, tools and components, and unit operations. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Release Summary Technavio analysts forecast the global foosball equipment market to grow at a CAGR of over 3% during the forecast period, according to their latest report. #Hashtags #foosballequipment #Research #RetailGoods #Technavio Contacts Technavio Research Jesse Maida Media & Marketing Executive US: +1 630 333 9501 UK: +44 208 123 1770 www.technavio.com Site Navigation Home Home Submit a Press Release Services News All News News with Multimedia News by Industry News by Subject News by Language Tradeshows & Events Earnings & Conference Calls Education Overview Distribution & Media Media & Journalist Tools Sample Press Release FAQ Find Your News Online How-to Disclosure Resources About Us Overview Become a Member Contact Us Follow Us Jobs Business Wire Newsroom Business Wire Events Search Advanced News Search Advanced News Search Log In Sign Up Follow Us Twitter LinkedIn Google+ More from Business Wire Blog Apps UK/Ireland Deutschland France Hong Kong Italy Japan EON: Enhanced Online News Tradeshownews.com PYMNTS.com Business Wire Information Contact Us Privacy Statement Terms of Use © 2017 Business Wire, Inc.
Skip to content MilTech PR Distribution Menu HOME Add the press release Our team & Contact Posted on 16 May 2017 by Maciej Heyman Foosball Equipment Market – Drivers and Forecasts by Technavio LONDON–(BUSINESS WIRE)–Technavio analysts forecast the global foosball equipment market to grow at a CAGR of over 3% during the forecast period, according to their latest report. The research study covers the present scenario and growth prospects of the global foosball equipment market for 2017-2021. Technavio presents a detailed picture of the market by way of study, synthesis, and summation of data from multiple sources. The analysts have presented the various facets of the market with a particular focus on identifying the key industry influencers. Sporting goods retailers offer popular brands of foosball equipment and are, thus, attractive shopping destinations for the consumers in the market. The sporting goods retailers’ shops segment dominated the global foosball equipment market in 2016 with a share of 44.58% of the market. DICK’s Sporting Goods is one of the key examples of sporting goods retailers. Looking for more information on this market? Request a free sample report Technavio’s sample reports are free of charge and contain multiple sections of the report including the market size and forecast, drivers, challenges, trends, and more. Technavio analysts highlight the following three factors that are contributing to the growth of the global foosball equipment market: Rise in online sales E-retailing is the fastest growing among all retail segments. In 2014, the overall revenue of this segment was valued at USD 1.35 trillion and is expected to reach USD 2.7 trillion by 2019, growing at a rate of almost 12%-13% by 2019. The biggest players in the global online retail market for foosball equipment are Amazon, Walmart, and Target. Brijesh Kumar Choubey, a lead retail goods and services research analyst at Technavio, says, “The growing number of online websites offering foosball tables is increasing its demand. E-retailing of various products, including foosball tables, is gaining popularity because of it being a time-saving and cost-effective purchasing process.” Advent of organized retail Foosball equipment is primarily sold through organized retail chains like specialty stores and department stores. The retail sectors in developing nations like China, India, and Brazil have been undergoing rapid transition with a rise in organized retail. Organized retailers provide many products under the same roof in a systematic manner. “The share of organized retail is increasing with a change in government policies and an increase in consumer preference for modern retail channels. Some of the popular department stores selling foosball equipment are Macy’s and Walmart in the US, Tesco in the UK, and Decathlon in India,” adds Brijesh. Growing demand for high-end game tables An increase in the number of luxury homes around the world and the need to fill these homes with quality furniture is increasing the demand for high-end game tables. As a result, premium furniture importers like Emerson et Cie are offering high-end game tables. Emerson et Cie offers 10 game tables; most of these tables are suitable for rooms that have secondary seating areas, and the others are suitable for large master suites that have small seating or dining areas. Top vendors: Bonzini Garlando Sports & Leisure Rene Pierre Shelti Tornado Browse Related Reports: Become a Technavio Insights member and access all three of these reports for a fraction of their original cost. As a Technavio Insights member, you will have immediate access to new reports as they’re published in addition to all 6,000+ existing reports covering segments like engineering tools, tools and components, and unit operations. This subscription nets you thousands in savings, while staying connected to Technavio’s constant transforming research library, helping you make informed business decisions more efficiently. About Technavio Technavio is a leading global technology research and advisory company. The company develops over 2000 pieces of research every year, covering more than 500 technologies across 80 countries. Technavio has about 300 analysts globally who specialize in customized consulting and business research assignments across the latest leading edge technologies. Technavio analysts employ primary as well as secondary research techniques to ascertain the size and vendor landscape in a range of markets. Analysts obtain information using a combination of bottom-up and top-down approaches, besides using in-house market modeling tools and proprietary databases. They corroborate this data with the data obtained from various market participants and stakeholders across the value chain, including vendors, service providers, distributors, re-sellers, and end-users. If you are interested in more information, please contact our media team at media@technavio.com. CategoriesUncategorized TagsUncategorized Post navigation Previous PostPrevious Global Solar Simulator Market 2021: Business Development Analysis Next PostNext Global Medical Adhesives And Sealants Market Forecasts to 2021 and Analysis Search Recent Posts Global Self Storage Reports First Quarter 2017 Results UniFirst President and CEO on Temporary Medical Leave of Absence MarketResearchReports.biz: Alarming Rise in Security Breach to Augment Deployment of Data Center Security Intrusion Inc. Records Revenue of $1.6 Million in the First Quarter of 2017 Worldwide Analysis on Coconut Flour Market to Increase at Steady Growth Rate, 2016 – 2026 RSS RSS Feed Proudly powered by WordPress
24/7 Wall St. - Insightful Analysis and Commentary for U.S. and Global Equity Investors Search this site Business Aerospace & Defense Autos Banking & Finance Commodities & Metals Consumer Products Energy Healthcare Industrials Infrastructure Media Retail Services Technology Apps & Software Consumer Electronics Telecom & Wireless Apple Inc. Facebook Google Investing Analyst Upgrades Bankruptcy Buffett Corporate Governance Corporate Performance Dividends and Buybacks Earnings ETFs and Mutual Funds International Markets IPOs and Secondaries Mergers and Acquisitions Personal Finance Rumors Value Investing Economy Energy Government Regulation Healthcare Housing Jobs Special Report Brands and Products Cities Countries States Warren Buffett’s Top Stock Holdings Keep Changing By Jon C. Ogg May 15, 2017 5:13 pm EDT Print Email Tweet Berkshire Hathaway Inc. (NYSE: BRK-A) has released its public equity holdings as of March 31, 2016. This is perhaps the largest company of them all among those watched on Wall Street. If Warren Buffett is considered the greatest investor of the modern era, and if he has held the title of the world’s richest man, then maybe he knows a thing or two. 24/7 Wall St. has tracked Buffett and Berkshire Hathaway’s investments for years. The more recent observations about Buffett’s portfolio changes at the end of 2016 and in the start of 2017 have been that the number of changes has been nothing short of astonishing. Warren Buffett and his team of portfolio managers had public equity holdings of $161.87 billion as of March 31, 2017 in their 13F filing with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission. This was up from $147.98 billion at the end of 2016 and at $115.46 billion as of December 31, 2015, but it is the equity value of the investment portfolio only. It does not include any of the public debt and convertible securities held by Berkshire Hathaway. Investors who have chased Warren Buffett’s investments now need to take into consideration that Ted Weschler and Todd Combs have been making more aggressive investments on behalf of Berkshire Hathaway. It was these two portfolio managers, rather than Buffett himself, which decided in the third quarter of 2016 to make a multibillion investment into the major airline stocks. There were three major changes that already had been telegraphed or explained by Buffett himself in recent weeks. He recently confessed that he sold about 30% of his International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM) stake and he has increased his position in Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL). Buffett also admitted earlier in 2017 that Amazon and online retailing elsewhere were top reasons for why he sold almost all his shares in Wal-Mart Stores Inc. (NYSE: WMT). Buffett has owned most of his top holdings for many years. There were five positions that each had $10 billion profits earlier this year. The rest of Buffett’s holdings and details on the respective changes are presented below. Wells Fargo & Co. (NYSE: WFC) was listed as 479,704,270 shares, the same count it has been since last September. It had been documented in 2016 that Buffett asked to be allowed to increase his stake north of the 10% threshold with the SEC, and Buffett did not sell any Wells Fargo shares after the account-opening scandal and during the Stumpf exit. International Business Machines Corp. (NYSE: IBM) was a stake that Buffett already telegraphed selling down, and the March 31, 2017 stake was down to 64.56 million shares. It had previously been a stake of 81.232 million shares at the end of 2016. Apple Inc. (NASDAQ: AAPL) was already a larger stake at the end of 2016, but we knew Buffett had increased it. As of March 31, 2017, that stake was up to 129.357 million shares worth almost $18.6 billion. The prior Apple stake was 57,359,652 shares, up from just 15.227 million in the prior quarter. Three more of Buffett’s long-term giant stakes that remained static were as follows: Coca-Cola Co. (NYSE: KO) was the exact same stake of 400 million shares. This position has remained static, and Buffett has defended his stake for years. American Express Co. (NYSE: AXP) was the same 151.61 million shares, a position that remains perpetually static. Buffett has owned Amex for so long it may be cheaper for him to just hold rather than pay capital gains. Kraft Heinz Co. (NYSE: KHC) was listed as the same 325,634,818 shares and was previously a stake from the 3G Capital deal. The value in the portfolio was $29.57 billion. Buffett’s portfolio managers did make some rotational changes in their airline holdings, but they still own all of the same airlines: American Airlines Group Inc. (NASDAQ: AAL) was a higher stake at 49.278 million shares. That stake was previously at 45.54 million shares after having been raised from 21.77 million shares. Delta Air Lines Inc. (NYSE: DAL) was listed as 55.02 million shares, which appears to be lower than the 60.02 million shares reported at the end of 2016. Southwest Airlines Co. (NYSE: LUV) was a larger stake at 47.66 million shares, versus a stake at the end of 2016 of just over 43.2 million shares. United Continental Holdings Inc. (NYSE: UAL) was 28.95 million shares at the end March, the same stake as on the last day of 2016. Phillips 66 (NYSE: PSX) was the same 80.689 million shares in March versus at the end of 2016. The stake was a Buffett pick of his own and had been raised in 2016. Pages: 1/2/3 « Monday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 Read more: Investing, Conglomerate, ETFs and Mutual Funds, Hedge Funds, private equity, Warren Buffett, AAL, Apple Inc. (NASDAQ:AAPL), American Express (NYSE:AXP), Bank of America Corp (NYSE:BAC), The Bank of New York Mellon Co... (NYSE:BK), BRK-A, BRK-B, Charter Communications, Inc. (NASDAQ:CHTR), ConocoPhillips (NYSE:COP), Costco Wholesale (NASDAQ:COST), Delta Air Lines, Inc. (NYSE:DAL), Deere & Company (NYSE:DE), The Dow Chemical Company (NYSE:DOW), DaVita, Inc. (NYSE:DVA), General Electric Company (NYSE:GE), General Motors (NYSE:GM), GlaxoSmithKline (NYSE:GSK), International Business Machine... (NYSE:IBM), Johnson & Johnson (NYSE:JNJ), Coca-Cola (NYSE:KO), Liberty Media Corp. (NASDAQ:LMCA), Southwest Airlines (NYSE:LUV), MasterCard (NYSE:MA), Moody's (NYSE:MCO), M&T Bank Corp (NYSE:MTB), Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG), Phillips 66 (NYSE:PSX), Sirius XM Radio (NASDAQ:SIRI), Sanofi (ADR) (NYSE:SNY), Torchmark Corp (NYSE:TMK), United Continental Holdings, I... (NYSE:UAL), United Parcel Service (NYSE:UPS), US Bancorp (NYSE:USB), USG (NYSE:USG), Visa (NYSE:V), Viacom, Inc. (NASDAQ:VIA), Verisk Analytics (NASDAQ:VRSK), Verizon Communications, Inc. (NYSE:VZ), WABCO Holdings Inc. (NYSE:WBC), Wells Fargo (NYSE:WFC), Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT), ExxonMobil Corp (NYSE:XOM) Free Daily Newsletter Subscribe Terms & Conditions Sponsors Popular 11 Medical Conditions Aspirin Can Treat States With the Most (and Least) Identity Theft Retailers Closing the Most Stores States Investing the Most and Least in Children American Cities Where China Is Investing the Most Recent Warren Buffett’s Top Stock Holdings Keep Changing Monday’s Biggest Winners and Losers in the S&P 500 J.C. Penney, Verizon Tumble into Monday’s 52-Week Low Club Johnson & Johnson, Cisco Systems Lift DJIA Monday Get Quote for: Symbol Lookup Search Answered! How Frequently Should I Pay Off My Credit Cards? 3 Key Takeaways From Cirrus Logic's Q4 Earnings FANG Stocks Are Absolutely Crushing It in 2017 -- Time to Buy, Sell, or Hold? Tribune's Tronc Inc. to buy Chicago Sun-Times owner Dow finishes up 0.4% Nasdaq Composite climbs 0.5% to finish at an all-time high Waymo's Relationship with Uber Has Reached Point of No Return Cisco (CSCO) to Report Q3 Earnings: What's in the Cards? U.S. Rig Count Rises for 17 Consecutive Weeks Anheuser-Busch announces $11 million brewery expansion AP Exclusive: Chinese spent $24B on US, other 'golden visas' Chinese stocks fall on weak data; other Asian markets rise Delta Wants To Replace Human Check-In Agents With Facial Recognition Kiosks Teacher Resigns After Sending Shockingly Anti-Gay Letter To Student Newspaper The Tech Giant Suing Uber Is Taking Its Technology To Lyft Home About Us Disclaimer and Terms of Use Privacy Policy Contact Us Advertise AOL-HuffPost Money & Finance ©2017 24/7 Wall St. | Powered by WordPress.com VIP
Menu Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Sign In Subscribe Subscriber Sign In Home Search Site map News All News Local News News by Location Julie Muhlstein Street Smarts Petri Dish (politics) All Blogs and Columns Super Kid Way to Go Northwest Nation / World Calendar Weather Reader Photos Business Herald Business Journal Aerospace Blog Aviation Subscribe Sports All Sports High School Sports Prep Zone Blog Seattle Sidelines Silvertips Blog AquaSox Life People / Home / A&E Go-See-Do Calendar What’s Up With That? Reader Photos Weather TV Week Contests Opinion All Opinion Letters Editorial Cartoons Obituaries View Obituaries Place an Obituary Classes Classified Ads Daily Deal Jobs Wheels Real Estate Merchandise Legal Notices Subscriber Center Subscriber Center Subscribe Newsletters Free access to The Washington Post Frequently Asked Questions Print editions About us Contact us Advertising information Advertising in La Raza del Noroeste Advertising in The Herald Business Journal About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Social Media Local Business Sports Life Opinion Obituaries Classifieds Jobs Wheels Real Estate Tacoma to appeal order that it pay $2M in Walmart dispute Mon May 15th, 2017 3:16pm Business You must sign in or register to continue reading content. Eds: APNewsNow. Restores dropped word in second line. TACOMA, Wash. (AP) — Tacoma plans to appeal after a federal judge last month ordered the city to pay $2 million to an investor group in a case involving development of a Walmart retail store. U.S. District Court Judge Ronald B. Leighton ruled in April that the city violated the due process rights of Allenmore Medical Investors by engaging in “irrational actions” in its effort to stop the company from getting a permit and building a Walmart store. The News Tribune reports (http://bit.ly/2qhWV2D ) that the judge found the city was wrong to apply a moratorium to a permit application for the retail store. Allenmore Medical Investors sued the city in August 2014, arguing that its efforts to stop Walmart cost real estate developers $1.8 million. Tacoma filed a notice of appeal with the 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals on Friday.   Most Read You Gotta Try This New escape room in Everett offers immersive adventures We had traveled back in time. It was Aug. 7, 1876. We… May 15th, 2017 by Sara Bruestle Julie Muhlstein Former owner will live on land that’s set to become a park Marge Curtis looks out over a gorgeous expanse of grassy land, a… May 14th, 2017 by Julie Muhlstein Determined teacher helps keep students on Path to success Editor’s note: Teacher Jan Link has a mantra: Anyone can make it,… May 15th, 2017 by Eric Stevick and Kari Bray Woman again accused of attacking driver, trying to take car EVERETT — An Arlington woman accused of asking a passerby for a… May 14th, 2017 by Caitlin Tompkins Mukilteo elementary school damaged in apparent arson MUKILTEO — An apparent arson at Columbia Elementary School late Saturday caused… May 14th, 2017 by Rikki King © 2017, Everett Herald and Sound Publishing, Inc. About Site Map Daily Deal Contests Newsletters Subscribe About Comments Privacy Policy Terms of Use Contact Social Media
Close menu Home News National Community Chicago Detroit Memphis Pittsburgh Features Politics Viewpoints Business Entertainment Education Sports Lifestyle Fashion Fitness Health Travel and Leisure Praise Video Photos Contact Us Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Home News National Community Chicago Detroit Memphis Pittsburgh Features Politics Viewpoints Business Entertainment Education Sports Lifestyle Fashion Fitness Health Travel and Leisure Praise Video Photos Home Voucher proposals expose rift in school choice movement Geoff Mulvihill, The Associated Press Leave a comment 4 reads Education Secretary-designate Betsey DeVos talks to Sen. Tim Scott, R-S.C. before testifying Jan. 17 on Capitol Hill in Washington. (AP Photo/Carolyn Kaster/File) For two decades, a loose-knit group that includes some of the country’s wealthiest people has underwritten the political push for school choice, promoting ballot initiatives and candidates who favor competition for traditional public schools. But when a member of this elite group was elevated to education secretary, the appointment opened a philosophical schism that now threatens to shatter the alliance, turn billionaires against each other and possibly lead some school-choice advocates to join with teachers’ unions, their archenemies. Fueling the split is the anticipation of a plan from President Donald Trump’s administration that could offer parents federal dollars to send their children to private schools, including religious and for-profit institutions. “As much as we are aligned on change, we aren’t always aligned on how much change or how. Sometimes we fight,” said Derrell Bradford, executive vice president of the school-reform group 50CAN. The movement has been cleaved into two camps: those who want to use choice to improve public schools and others, like Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, who want to go further by allowing tax money to flow to private schools through vouchers, government-funded scholarships or corporate tax credits. The differences that once seemed minor are at the heart of a potential seismic shift in the school-choice movement. School-choice programs were first proposed in the 1950s by Nobel Prize-winning free-market economist Milton Friedman. Since the beginning of this century, they have grown quickly, although the overwhelming majority of students still attend traditional public schools. Thirty states plus Washington, D.C., have some combination of vouchers, government-subsidized education savings accounts or tax credits that help families afford private-school tuition or encourage private groups to fund scholarships, according to EdChoice, an advocacy group founded by Friedman and his wife. Still, less than 1 percent of children in kindergarten through high school used vouchers to attend private schools in 2015. Just 5 percent of students were in charter schools that year, when charters were operating in more than 40 states. That’s up from about 3 percent in 2008, according to the Department of Education. Charter schools are public but in several states are not held to the same accountability standards as traditional schools, which in theory gives them more freedom to innovate. When standardized test scores of children who switched to charter schools or used vouchers are compared with those of students who remained in traditional public schools, some results have been promising. Other studies have shown little effect or even worse outcomes. In this Wednesday, Feb. 8, 2017 file photo, Christian Carter leads a group of fellow Pittsburgh high school students during a protest on the confirmation of Betsy DeVos as Secretary of Education.  (Darrell Sapp/Pittsburgh Post-Gazette via AP/File) ___ THE BIGGEST DONORS Wal-Mart’s Walton family, Los Angeles billionaire Eli Broad and the father of Microsoft founder Bill Gates have been some of the largest political contributors to the school-reform movement, according to an analysis by The Associated Press of campaign-finance records compiled by the National Institute on Money in State Politics and state campaign-finance regulators. Microsoft’s Bill Gates avoids political contributions. His family’s massive foundation _ which his father, Bill Gates Sr., co-chairs _ is a major contributor to education-reform nonprofits. The elder Gates contributes personally as well. In the past, contributions have flowed to reform-minded groups regardless of whether they supported public charter schools, vouchers for private schools or a combination. Now those funders are beginning to split into competing camps. Groups such as Stand for Children, which pushes for charter schools among other educational changes, are being more vocal now because “the level of ambition of the efforts to expand vouchers is so high,” said Jonah Edelman, co-founder and chief executive, who called the voucher proposals “a dramatic effort to undermine public education.” Edelman, whose organization receives part of its funding from Walton, Broad and Gates-related charities and family members, said his group will fight any administration effort to promote vouchers nationwide. Stand for Children has worked with teachers unions in the past on state-level measures to provide more money for schools and raise teacher pay. But its calls for more charters often put it at odds with the unions, which are powerful political entities in many states. The American Federation of Teachers has had conversations with some charter school advocates it has opposed in the past about coordinating to fight a national voucher program, said Randi Weingarten, president of the union. To identify those who have shaped the school-choice movement across the country, the AP analyzed the political contributions of 48 individuals and couples who have given at least $100,000 to related statewide ballot measure campaigns. That group accounted for the majority of reported contributions to campaigns favoring school-choice initiatives from 2000 through last year. The donors nearly matched all the measures’ opponents. The group also wields political clout in addition to school-related ballot initiatives. The AP analysis showed that the same wealthy funders contributed a total of more than $200 million from 2007 through last year to candidates and political action committees, some of which are supporters of school choice. The funders are from a variety of industries and regions, with a concentration of investors and tech innovators from Seattle and Silicon Valley. Some give millions more to research centers, legal funds, foundations, charter schools and scholarships that promote pieces of the cause. Political campaigns often are a clash of titans. The nation’s two largest teachers’ unions _ the National Education Association and American Federation of Teachers, which have 4.5 million members combined _ contributed $573 million to campaigns and political action committees over the same 10-year period, much of it designed to counter the spending of the wealthy families and their affiliated groups. Both unions and school-choice advocates also made independent political expenditures, which are impossible to tally because the details are not required to be reported in many states. ___ THE HEART OF THE DEBATE For the past decade, school-choice supporters have split over the merits of private-school vouchers versus public charter schools, according to William Oberndorf, a San Francisco investor, major contributor to the movement and chairman of the American Federation for Children, which was led by DeVos until last year. He urged all school-choice advocates to drop their divisions and support the core belief that choice in any form is a good thing if it lets parents make decisions about what is best for their kids. “Most Americans have that already,” Oberndorf said in an interview. “They have that if they have enough money to move to a good school district or send their kids to private school. It’s really only poor people who don’t have choices.” In a statement to the AP, a representative of the Waltons said the family is concerned about improving education quality for all children. It is not focused so much on how that is done. “There have always been tensions in some quarters over the best ways to offer educational options to families,” said Marc Sternberg, senior education adviser to the Walton family. “School choice is a means to an end and not the end in itself. It is about making sure those options _ including schools within traditional school systems _ offer the kinds of high quality, diverse educational opportunities so that every child has a real chance to succeed in life.” Other wealthy school-choice funders are adamant about improving the public education system and combatting any effort that would take tax dollars away from it. They object to being grouped with the supporters of private-school vouchers. Nick Hanauer, a Seattle investor who had an early stake in Amazon and who spent $1 million in 2012 to support a successful ballot measure to allow charters in Washington state, called vouchers “a stupid idea.” Consider that in the most elite private schools across the country, tuition runs $30,000 to $40,000 a year, he said. “No voucher program is a $40,000-per-year program. It’s a $10,000-per-year program, or a $6,000-per-year program, which means that voucher advocates aren’t serious about delivering high-quality education,” he said. “They’re simply interested in making it cheaper for people who already send their kids to private school to continue to do this.” ___ DeVOS DEEPENS DIVIDE The schism between wealthy funders over private-school vouchers became visible earlier this year during the confirmation process for DeVos, a billionaire heiress who was nominated by Trump for education secretary despite having no experience as a teacher or school administrator. DeVos attended private religious schools in Michigan. Her children were homeschooled and attended religious schools. Broad, a charter school advocate who has contributed at least $3.7 million since 2007 to political efforts to expand charters, wrote a letter to senators urging them to reject DeVos, calling her “unprepared and unqualified.” With DeVos at the helm of the Education Department, “much of the good work that has been accomplished to improve public education for all of America’s children could be undone,” wrote Broad, who declined to be interviewed by the AP. DeVos was confirmed only when Vice President Mike Pence cast the vote to break a 50-50 tie in the Senate. Overstock founder Patrick Byrne, who spent nearly $3 million on a failed 2007 Utah ballot initiative promoting vouchers, said DeVos was an “A-plus.” Venture capitalist Timothy Draper, who put $23 million behind a failed attempt to bring vouchers to California in 2000, also had high praise for her. “Having someone who really understands choice in education and how helpful that can be … is going to be good for education,” Draper said. The sides have been at odds previously, including in Arizona, where in April lawmakers passed and the governor signed a law to expand a voucher program. DeVos’s American Federation for Children made a total of $500,000 in independent political expenditures in 2014 and 2016. The anti-voucher Stand for Children spent $1 million in the state during that span. The Trump administration has not released any details about a voucher plan. But early this month, Trump asked lawmakers to work with him to extend school choice to millions more children, including low-income Hispanics and blacks “who deserve the same chance as every other child to live out their dreams and fill up their hearts and be educated at the top, top level.” The outline in his budget proposal calls for $1.4 billion in school-choice initiatives, including $250 million to launch a voucher program. That money would come in part from cutting $9 billion from K-12 education, including teacher training and after-school and summer programs. The Trump budget calls for eventually increasing annual school-choice funding by $20 billion. It’s unclear how much support or opposition such a plan will generate, in part because most people don’t know much about the topic. A poll conducted by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and released this week found that 58 percent of respondents said they knew little or nothing at all about charter schools and two-thirds reported the same about private school voucher programs. In her first major policy address as education secretary, DeVos said allowing parents to decide where their children will be educated is essential, whether they choose homeschooling, traditional schools, magnets, charters, online schools or private schools. “I think that the first and most important measure of accountability to the public is to the parents in general, right?” said DeVos. ___ Follow Mulvihill at http://www.twitter.com/geoffmulvihill .   Also On Atlanta Daily World: comments – Add Yours DIGITAL EDITION × Sign Up Now For The Atlanta Daily World Newsletter! Close Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Don't show this to me again Not now Follow Us! Follow Us! Close Subscribe to our Newsletter! Thank you for subscribing! Email Submit Contact Us Interactive One Affluent Facebook Twitter Copyright © 2017 Interactive One, LLC. All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Post to Cancel
1.6M 508.6K 134.1K 228.6K Home News Singles Videos Reviews Interviews Editorials Releases Tickets Home News Singles Videos Reviews Interviews Editorials Releases Tickets News Singles Videos Editorials More Breaking News MC Ren: Dr. Dre Ghostwrote Eazy E's "Eazy-Er Said Than Dunn” DX Digest: Frank Ocean Continues "blonded RADIO" Blessings With A$AP Rocky & Lil Uzi Vert Nicki Minaj & Remy Ma To Battle It Out For Best Female Hip Hop Artist At 2017 BET Awards Metro Boomin Vows "Fuckboys" Hacking Social Media "Will Pay" Kendrick Lamar Adds Dates To The DAMN. Tour Most Discussed News Today This Week This Month 15 L.A. Reid Accused Of Sexual Harassment By Former Co-Worker 15 Hip Hop Album Sales: Logic's "Everybody" Debuts At #1 On Billboard 200 8 Nicki Minaj & Remy Ma To Battle It Out For Best Female Hip Hop Artist At 2017 BET Awards 6 How Hip Hop Celebrated Mother's Day 5 WATCH: Drake Co-Signs "T-Dot Goon Scrap DVD 2"... Kind Of 4 Bay Area Rapper Symba Reveals Origins Of Columbia Records Deal 4 Is Vince Staples' "Big Fish Theory" Dropping This Friday? 4 Chance The Rapper Sets Off Body Shaming Drama After Instagram Flub 4 Metro Boomin Vows "Fuckboys" Hacking Social Media "Will Pay" 3 Comedian Pulls Off #BowWowChallenge With Shad Moss Himself 59 Nicki Minaj & Nas Dating Rumors Fly After They're Pictured Getting Close At Dinner 57 Kendrick Lamar Pulled Over By Beverly Hills Cop 46 Jay Z Battles Puff Daddy For Title Of Forbes' Richest Hip Hop Artist 45 Living Legend: Jay Z Signs 10-Year $200M Deal With Live Nation 40 The Game Chooses Lonzo Ball's ZO2: Prime's Over Jordan Sneakers For His Son & Friends 39 The Game Confirms Start Of Final Album In Photo With Kendrick Lamar 38 Diddy Crops Kendall & Kylie Jenner Out Of Photo & The Internet Makes It A Thing 35 DJ Premier Worked On Songs For Kendrick Lamar's "DAMN." But They Didn't Make The Cut 33 B.o.B Drops "ETHER" Album On The Game 29 Kanye West Heads To The Mountains To Work On New Music 98 Kendrick Lamar Accused Of Biting Rapper D.Zign On "DNA." 77 Kendrick Lamar's "DAMN." First-Week Sales Set Monster Landmark For 2017 73 Meek Mill Fires Shots At Nicki Minaj & Drake On Latest Tracks 66 Funkmaster Flex Claims Tupac Accidentally Shot Himself At Quad Studios Circa 1994 63 Wack 100 Claims Biggie's Murder Was Ordered & Paid For By A Harlem Resident Not Suge Knight 59 Nicki Minaj & Nas Dating Rumors Fly After They're Pictured Getting Close At Dinner 57 Kendrick Lamar Pulled Over By Beverly Hills Cop 57 Sorry KenFolk: Kendrick Lamar Does Not Have New Music On The Way 55 Styles P Intercepts Talib Kweli's Latest Twitter Beef 54 Logic Confirms His Next Album Will Be His Last Travis Scott Spends 12 Minutes In Jail For Inciting Riot May 14, 2017 | 2:00 PM by Chris Mitchell HipHopDX/Mike Lavin @thehomelesspimp 17 Rogers, Arkansas – What’s the difference between a Travis Scott concert and a riot? Very little, at least according to police in Arkansas. Scott was arrested on Saturday night (May 13) after his Bird’s Eye View Tour visited the 7,000-seat Walmart AMP outdoor music venue, reports 5News. Scott reportedly told fans to bypass the barriers and rush the stage, and in the chaos, several people were injured, including a member of the security staff and a police officer. The Houston-born artist spent 12 minutes in jail, getting booked at 11:14 p.m. and released at 11:26 p.m. He faces charges of inciting a riot, endangering a minor and disorderly conduct. This is when Benton County 🚨 department declared the show a riot #freetravisscott @travisscott A post shared by Bizzy B (@bizzy_copypaste) on May 14, 2017 at 10:53am PDT Scott’s high-energy performances and turn-up incitement have led to issues for him before — most recently when he cheered fans on to jump from the second-story balcony at a concert in NYC on April 30. “I see you. But are you gonna do it? … They gonna catch you. Don’t be scared,” Travis Scott can be heard saying in the video. There are no fans like @trvisXX fans. pic.twitter.com/tv04tn07p9 — RAVEN B. (@RAVIEB) May 1, 2017 Another fan later took the plunge from the third story and ended up in the hospital with injuries to his leg and back. Scott’s rep later denied that Scott had encouraged the three-story leap and wrote in a statement that crowd safety is a priority at every show. “The safety of everyone is held in the highest regard and we are currently conducting an internal investigation to ensure that this does not happen again,” the statement read. “We are deeply concerned about the guest who was injured and intend to offer him our support.” This isn’t even the first time Scott been charged with inciting a riot. Police cut his 2015 Lollapalooza set short when he told the massive crowd to rush the stage. Subscribe to DX Newsletter Get The Most Important Stories Of The Day Straight To Your Inbox Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! You’re Far Too Kind To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email we just sent you. Joining Newsletter More news on HipHopDX MC Ren: Dr. Dre Ghostwrote Eazy E's "Eazy-Er Said Than Dunn” DX Digest: Frank Ocean Continues "blonded RADIO" Blessings With A$AP Rocky & Lil Uzi Vert Nicki Minaj & Remy Ma To Battle It Out For Best Female Hip Hop Artist At 2017 BET Awards Metro Boomin Vows "Fuckboys" Hacking Social Media "Will Pay" MC Ren: Dr. Dre Ghostwrote Eazy E's "Eazy-Er Said Than Dunn” Are we really surprised?   |   3 DX Digest: Frank Ocean Continues "blonded RADIO" Blessings With A$AP Rocky & Lil Uzi Vert Plus a new 'Gas Face' mixtape from Juicy J, a new video from Dave East, and a slick Sonny Digital-produced song from Curren$y. Nicki Minaj & Remy Ma To Battle It Out For Best Female Hip Hop Artist At 2017 BET Awards Beyoncé leads the field with seven nominations while Chance The Rapper has four.   |   8 Metro Boomin Vows "Fuckboys" Hacking Social Media "Will Pay" The highly sought-after producer's Instagram and Twitter accounts were hacked with sexually explicit content.   |   4 DX COMMUNITY Loading Comments Copyright © 2017 HipHopDX All Rights Reserved View on Mobile Sections Home News Singles Videos Reviews Interviews Editorials Releases Tickets Connect Facebook Twitter Instagram YouTube RSS More Info Behind The Site Staff Advertising Contact Us Terms of Use Privacy Policy Our Sites Cheri Media Battle Rap Roughstock Subscribe × Subscribe To DX Newsletter Get the most important stories in Hip Hop straight to your inbox Subscribe Something’s Wrong. Make sure you typed in your email correctly. Thank You! Thank You! Thank You! You’re Far Too Kind To complete the subscription process, please click the link in the email we just sent you. Joining Newsletter
Bartlesville Radio: The area’s best source for news, weather and sports! LISTEN LIVE! KWON — News/Talk KYFM — Your Favorite Music KRIG — Real Country KPGM — Pawhuska Home News Local News Weather Related Closings Coffeyville Crude Prices Sunrise Reporter Weather Road Condition Maps Local Forecast Weather Radar Area River Levels Area Lake Levels WeatherLINE K1-TXT Sports Coach's Corner Sports Schedules & Scores Bruin Buzz Archived Broadcasts John McKee Show Oklahoma Sooners Oklahoma State Cowboys Tulsa Golden Hurricane Dallas Cowboys St. Louis Cardinals Bartlesville Sports Commission Community Inter-State Farm and Home Show Obituaries Dog GONE Community Events Coupons Birthdays Anniversaries Birth Announcements Wedding & Engagements Stations KWON 1400 AM & 93.3 FM KWON - Your Information Station KWON Programming KYFM 100.1 FM KYFM Bright Star 100.1 KYFM Programming (HD-1) KRIG 104.9 FM KRIG - Real Country KRIG Programming Schedule KPGM 1500 AM KPGM - AM 1500 KPGM Programming Schedule Submit News Sporting Event Community Event Weather Related Closings Dog GONE Weddings Engagement Anniversary Birth Annnouncement Birthdays Obituaries On Demand One on One with a Professional Community Connection Homecoming Interviews Campaign Corner Consumer Calls Class Days KWON Tech Talk Green Country Gardener Capitol Call Somethin' in the Oven with Shanna Lovin Photos Gallery Submit Photo or Video Contact Rent Tower Space Meet the Staff Advertising Opportunities Meet Us Employment Opportunities About Us advertisements Join "R-Mail", Our Online Newsletter Email: News Washington County Posted: May 15, 2017 3:19 PMUpdated: May 15, 2017 3:19 PM Bartlesville Man With Controlled Dangerous Substance   Ben Nicholas A Bartlesville man was taken into custody on two charges. Travis Thompson was charged with Possession of a Controlled Dangerous Substance and Paraphernalia on Monday. According to an affidavit, officers were called to a Walmart where a man was passed out in his truck with a “bong” in his lap. Officers arrived to find Thompson in the drivers seat with a homemade smoking device made from a light bulb. When officers woke him up, Thompson stated that he didn't know what he was smoking, just whatever was given to him. Officers searched the vehicle and Thompson and found several bags of methamphetamine, as well as positively identified the substance in the smoking device was meth. Bond was set at $2,000. « Back to News Advertising Opportunities Contest Rules About Us Make Us Your Home Page Employment Opportunities Terms of Use Privacy Contact Us 2017 © KCD Enterprises. All Rights Reserved. View Mobile Site
Skip to main content Home Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events RIS Talks Video Contact Us SUBSCRIBE Press enter to search Store Systems Analytics Digital Commerce Supply Chain / Merchandising Customer Engagement Home Research & Reports Magazine RIS Events RIS Talks Video Contact Us Dollar General Grows Stores and Supply Chain Press enter to search Dollar General Grows Stores and Supply Chain By Retail Leader - 05/15/2017 This is an excerpt from Retail Leader's article "Formula For Dollar General Growth." Click here for the full story. Dollar General serves a customer that even in favorable economic conditions tends to be under duress, which is why more than 80 percent of the approximately 11,000 items found in its stores sell for less than $5. Attempting to grow sales by selling more stuff to people of limited means is a challenging proposition made even more so several years of flat to declining prices in the food and consumables category, which accounts for three fourths of Dollar General's sales. During the current year, a forecast of four percent to six percent sales growth will be driven largely by the addition of selling space with Dollar General continuing to raise the bar on what is possible with new store openings. The retailer plans to open 1,000 stores this year, which is simply astonishing in the broader context of the retail industry. Store closings are at record levels due in large part to department stores and specialty retailers rationalizing their operations but other successful retailers are still moderating their physical aspirations to allocate greater resources to bolster technology and supply chain capabilities to better serve consumers' desires for a seamless physical and digital experience. Dollar General has enjoyed some digital success, most notably with digital coupons that were launched about three years ago. The company said its digital coupon enrollment increased by 200 percent last year and that the average transaction that involves digital coupons runs twice the company average. The company also offers a subscription service branded as DG AutoDeliver. Despite such digital initiatives, Dollar General is all about stores. The 1,000 new stores it plans to open are on top of 900 last year. In addition, Dollar General is expanding with acquisitions. It bought 42 former Walmart Express small format stores last year and more recently the Federal Trade Commission approved Sycamore Partners' application to sell to Dollar General 323 former Family Dollar stores it acquired from Dollar Tree two years ago as a condition of Dollar Tree's acquisition of Family Dollar. Between openings and the acquisitions, Dollar General's store count will swell by roughly 1,300 units this year. "We continue to be pleased with the return on investment and performance of our real estate program, as our new stores overall are yielding returns of approximately 20%, according to CEO Todd Vasos. Why wouldn't Dollar General open more stores? The company's value proposition embodied by the slogan, "Save time. Save money. Every day!" has at its heart proximity to the customer along with low prices. Historically that has meant targeting smaller more rural communities, which is why roughly 70 percent of the company's stores are located in towns with fewer than 20,000 people. While expansion opportunities continue to exist in those areas, Dollar General is more aggressively probing urban areas with a smaller format store that measures less than 6,000-sq.-ft. compared to the standard store size of 7,400-sq.-ft. "Given our success over the last two years with the results of our smaller box that is less than 6,000 square feet used in certain metro and rural locations, we anticipate opening an additional 160 locations this year, bringing the total smaller box store count to about 250 by the end of 2017," Vasos said. The rapid expansion of Dollar General's store network is made possible by equally aggressive investments to add supply chain capacity. The company opened a new distribution in San Antonio last year and then in January its 14th distribution center came online in Janesville, Wis., strategically located 100 miles northwest of Chicago. By this fall, Dollar General's 15th distribution facility is set to open about an hour south of Atlanta in the town of Jackson. Dollar General is also adding capacity to support its expansion in underpenetrated markets in the Northeast. After the Jackson facility opens the retailer's next big supply chain project is in the town of Amsterdam in upstate New York. Dollar General ended last year with 358 locations in New York, which isn't a lot considering the state has nearly 20 million residents. Expected to open in 2018, the new facility will support existing New York stores and presumably a bunch more as well as expansion in nearby Vermont, New Hampshire and Maine, where Dollar General operated 84 stores at the end of last year. The Amsterdam facility will relieve pressure on a distribution center in the eastern Pennsylvania town of Bethel that opened in 2014.   SHARE YOU MAY ALSO LIKE Warehouse Management Dollar General Plans 1,000 New Stores, Opens Small-Format Store Enterprise Resource Management Family Dollar: The Dollar Store Bidding Battle Prevails Omnichannel Apple, Dollar General, Target Announce Expansion Plans Store Systems Target Flexes New Expansion Muscles Warehouse Management Hudson’s Bay Company's New Distribution Center Spotlights Robotic Retail Technology RELATED TOPICS Supply Chain and Merchandising Supply Chain Management Digital Commerce Coupons Footer Social LinkedIn Twitter Youtube Facebook Footer Contact Us Editorial Board Media Kit Privacy Statement Terms & Conditions © 2017 EnsembleIQ, All Rights Reserved
GoSearch Replay: NewsFix CW39 TV Schedule Watch CW Shows Search Contact Us CW39 NewsFix Menu NewsFix Local Nation/World Features Community Entertainment EyeOpener Traffic Contests Weather 69° 69° Low 70° High 86° Tue 72° 87° Wed 76° 86° Thu 75° 89° See complete forecast Travis Scott hit with endangering a minor, other charges after Walmart AMP concert Posted 2:17 PM, May 15, 2017, by Web Staff, Updated at 09:11PM, May 15, 2017 Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Please enable Javascript to watch this video BENTON COUNTY, Ark. — Travis Scott was arrested Saturday night after his concert at the Wal-Mart AMP started to get out of hand, a Benton County Detention Center jailer told CW39-affiliate KSFM. Scott encouraged people to rush the stage and bypass the security protocols to ensure safety, Keith Foster with the Rogers Police Department said. Foster said several people were injured during the rush including an employee from the security company hired to help control the crowd and a member of the police department. Both victims were treated at the AMP by members of the Rogers Fire Department and Mercy Medical. The rapper was booked into the jail at 11:14 p.m. and released about 11:26 p.m. Scott is facing charges of endangering a minor, disorderly conduct and inciting a riot. Filed in: Entertainment Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Facebook Twitter Pinterest Reddit LinkedIn Email Got a Tip? Let us know! Click here to email us your news tip. Popular HPD: After-hours bar in southwest Houston shut down after 600 club patrons found drinking, partying inside Prisoner requests extensive last meal before execution on Tuesday Giant sea creature washes up on island, turns water red Lawsuit filed against Haverstock Hill apartment management after shooting leaves 2 dead, 4 injured Latest News High school student dies after drinking too much caffeine Dog shot with arrow at archery range; surveillance video leads to arrest Video shows security guard attacked by man she was trying to help Man carrying mother’s severed head walks into grocery store, stabs worker Nation/World Mom, grandma overdose in front of baby in Pack ‘n Play Nation/World Ex-officer Michael Slager to plead guilty after killing unarmed black man Nation/World Las Vegas shooting suspect in custody after crazy day of crime Local Praying security guard saves driver involved in fatal crash in SE Houston Local Patient, 2 paramedics on board when Galveston ambulance van flips over Local Liberty County officer in critical condition after truck plows through traffic barrier Nation/World Police review board says Charlotte shooting justified Texas UT Police: Suspect was not targeting Greek students in fatal stabbing Nation/World Graphic video: 4 hurt after Facebook post sparks family brawl, causing ‘extensive damage’ Local Baytown parents leave two infant sons in car while shopping at Wal-Mart, police say  Local NewsFix Police arrest Humble man, Houston woman nicknamed ‘Checked up Stanka’ wanted for string of Kroger store robberies NewsFix ‘Not the ending that any of us hoped for’: Remains of Arizona girl found 5 years later Local HPD: Decomposed body found in vacant lot in north Houston   Mobile Apps Android App iPhone & iPad App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 7700 Westpark Drive Houston, TX 77063 • Copyright © 2017, KIAH • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
clock menu more-arrow Log In or Sign Up Log In Sign Up Tech Science Culture Cars Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR More Tech Apple Google Microsoft Apps Photography Virtual Reality Business Design All Tech Science Space Energy Health Environment All Science Culture Web TV Film Games Comics Music All Culture Cars Ride-Sharing Cars Mass Transit Aviation Rideables All Transportation Reviews Phones Laptops Cameras Tablets Headphones Smartwatches VR Headsets This is my Next All Reviews Longform Video Circuit Breaker Forums TL;DR ✕ Apple Policy & Law US & World White House claims Apple’s $1 billion US investment is sign of ‘optimism’ around Trump New, 22 comments by Chris Welch May 15, 2017, 3:30pm EDT share tweet Linkedin Photo by Drew Angerer/Getty Images White House press secretary Sean Spicer on Monday afternoon cited Apple’s $1 billion investment in US manufacturing as a sign of “optimism” around President Trump’s domestic economic agenda. “The president is also glad to see businesses once again making significant investments in America,” Spicer said at the daily press briefing. “From Intel to General Motors to Walmart to Apple — who specifically just announced earlier this month they will start a $1 billion fund to promote advanced manufacturing jobs here in the United States. And it’s not just the president’s domestic economic policies that are generating optimism,” he said. Corning Glass, one of Apple’s US-based suppliers, was announced on Friday as the first recipient of funds from the program. It will be awarded $200 million. Apple CEO Tim Cook announced the Advanced Manufacturing Fund in early May during an appearance on CNBC’s Mad Money; he made no mention of it being influenced by or created as a result of President Trump’s policies, however. Apple says the $1 billion program “is designed to foster innovative production and highly skilled jobs that will help lay the foundation for a new era of technology-driven manufacturing in the US.” The company has recently been doing more to promote its record of job creation in the United States. Apple has never said the fund was shaped by Trump’s agenda When questioned on Apple’s relationship with Trump, Cook at one point mentioned his company’s strong disapproval of Trump’s immigration orders, which have been challenged by US courts. “With each administration, in every country in the world, there are things [where] you disagree and things [where] you agree. And you look to find common ground and try to influence the things you don't. If you don't show up, I think that's the worst scenario. Because then you're quiet and this doesn't do your cause any good, or your point of view any good.” During the interview, Cook again expressed hope that the government will soon enact sweeping tax policy reforms. The $1 billion fund could be one way for Apple to win leverage in Washington as Trump works to advance his proposals. Spicer highlighted Apple’s announcement just moments after Tom Bossert, Trump’s Homeland Security advisor, began the press briefing with an update on the massive WannaCry ransomware attack that has sprung up around the world. That attack utilizes an exploit believed to have been developed by the NSA. Microsoft has since voiced its frustration with governments for “stockpiling” vulnerabilities for their own interests. Many have viewed the WannaCry catastrophe as evidence that Apple made the right decision when the company found itself at odds with the FBI and Obama administration over encryption last year. At the time, Tim Cook argued that helping law enforcement break the security protections of iOS “could expose people to incredible vulnerabilities.” The encryption debate could potentially be revived under President Trump’s administration. “This is not something that we would create. This would be bad for America,” Cook said. Donald Trump, then still a candidate, encouraged a boycott of Apple products until the company complied with assisting the FBI. The Verge has reached out to Apple for comment on whether the Advanced Manufacturing Fund is an outcome of Trump’s policies, as Spicer suggested. The president has been criticized for taking credit for economic deals first announced during Barack Obama’s presidency; companies like Intel have also been less than honest in their publicity and messaging. Next Up In Tech UploadVR sued for ‘rampant’ sexual harassment and discrimination Pirates pirate Pirates of the Caribbean 5 and demand ransom from Disney ZeniMax is suing Samsung after winning its case against Oculus The WannaCry ransomware has mysterious ties to North Korea Maven, GM’s car-sharing service, is launching in New York City YouTube TV fleshes out its lineup with AMC, BBC America, and more Now Trending Is Microsoft to blame for the largest ransomware attacks in internet history? When software outruns hardware Pirates pirate Pirates of the Caribbean 5 and demand ransom from Disney Microsoft issues ‘highly unusual’ Windows XP patch to prevent massive ransomware attack Command Line Command Line delivers daily updates from the near-future. email address... Subscribe By signing up you agree to our terms of use. This Article has a component height of 9. The sidebar size is medium. Loading comments... The Latest UploadVR sued for ‘rampant’ sexual harassment and discrimination by Nick Statt 3 comments / new Pirates pirate Pirates of the Caribbean 5 and demand ransom from Disney by Jacob Kastrenakes 20 comments / new ZeniMax is suing Samsung after winning its case against Oculus by Adi Robertson 4 comments / new What we want from a Game of Thrones prequel by Kwame Opam and Chaim Gartenberg 9 comments / new Pretty good prank: promoting The Emoji Movie at Cannes by Kaitlyn Tiffany 5 comments / new The WannaCry ransomware has mysterious ties to North Korea by Russell Brandom 12 comments / new Chorus Terms of Use Privacy Policy Communications Preferences Contact Tip Us Community Guidelines About Ethics Statement All Systems Operational Check out our status page for more details. Vox Media Advertise with us Jobs @ Vox Media © 2017 Vox Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved tweet share
Thanks for contacting us. We've received your submission. Back to Reading Photos Video Cindy Adams Richard Johnson Sub Menu 1 Sightings We Hear Just Asking Sub Menu 2 NY Post Decider Sign in nypost.com On Page Six: lamar odom celebrity divorces kardashians celebrity arrests bill cosby Sections Search Search Tips Sign in Page Six Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy How Tracy Morgan’s near-fatal accident made him work harder By Jessica Sager View author archive Get author RSS feed Name(required) Email(required) Comment(required) May 15, 2017 | 3:28pm Modal Trigger Tracy Morgan Getty Images for Bronx Children' More On: tracy morgan Tracy Morgan gushes about his kids to random strangers Tracy Morgan makes light of car accident in stand-up Tracy Morgan 'shopped' the runway for his wife Tracy Morgan had 'to forgive that driver' after accident A truck crash nearly killed Tracy Morgan, but it revived his comedy career. “I got hit by a truck, it was a great story. So that’s what happened. I had a story to tell,” Morgan, 48, told People on Monday. “When anything ever badly happened to me I made it funny and I turned it good. This was a bad thing that happened to me. I wanted to tell my story, but I also want to continue my standup career because all the great things that ever happened to me in my life came through standup.” Morgan’s Netflix special “Staying Alive” will be released Tuesday on the streaming service. “All the great things came through standup. I’m just continuing it,” he continued. “Why would I stop? [The accident] wasn’t going to stop me. As long as I could stand up and grab the mic, I was going to tell my story.” In 2014, the “30 Rock” star was severely injured when a Walmart truck hit a van carrying him and fellow comic James McNair, who died in the accident, as well as comedians Ardie Fuqua and Harris Stanton, who were also seriously injured in the collision. Morgan reportedly pocketed $90 million from Walmart when they settled their lawsuit in 2015. “When you look at my earlier work, this is growth. This was me growing a thousand years at the speed of light,” Morgan explained of his comedic evolution. “I look at my old stuff and then I look at this stuff, and I say, ‘Damn. I’ve grown a lot.’ And that’s what it was. It was a terrible, terrible tragedy and some of my greatest material came out of it to date. I don’t know what’s going to come next, hopefully nothing tragic happens like that.” Morgan’s work ethic was also transformed by the experience. “I worked hard to come back,” he said. “I’m not talking about just standup, I’m talking about getting up out that wheelchair. To get up off that walker, I was working hard. I was working hard when I was in a coma. I have a young daughter, I have a wife and I got sons, I got to be here. I’m a fighter, and I fought. That’s what I did with this standup, I fought to do it right.” “The reason I work so hard is I’m afraid to be corny,” Morgan added. “I’m not going to go into no big speech about it. I just don’t want to be corny. My need to help others and my need to love others, that’s what has changed. I know it has. Me as a person changed.” Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Filed under comedians ,  comedy ,  tracy morgan Share this article: Share this: Facebook Twitter Google WhatsApp Email Copy Read Next Spencer wants Heidi to give birth to the next Chris Pratt Read Next Spencer wants Heidi to give birth to the next Chris Pratt Most Popular This Week 1 Kelly Ripa and Ryan Seacrest already off to a rocky start 2 Beth Stern: 'Everything is great' with Howard 3 Howard Stern sends internet into a tizzy by taking a 'personal day' 4 Steve Harvey is pretty much a jerk 5 Howard Stern explains his controversial 'personal day' 6 Alleged affair with Rosie complicating pal's divorce Share Selection Now On Jim Parsons gives inside scoop on his Rainbow Room wedding Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin celebrate Apple's birthday Estée Lauder gave Elizabeth Hurley health advice Angelina Jolie shares happy dinner with son on Mother's Day Amber Rose requests that club doesn't play songs by her exes Sandra Lee 'can't stomach' Paul Ryan Vasectomy doesn't seem to be slowing down Antonio Cromartie Ari Emanuel hosts dinner celebrating Mark Bradford Baby names are getting even crazier Carmelo and La La spend Mother's Day together Massive 'Housewives' reunion at Jill Zarin's place Seth Meyers takes a swipe at Steve Harvey Bill Cosby says sex allegations could be racist Loretta Lynn starting rehab after stroke 'Straight Outta Compton' star arrested for 'beating up' security guard Andy Cohen creates Steve Harvey doorbell to keep staff out Abby Lee Miller upset 'Dance Moms' cast hasn't reached out David Hasselhoff's daughter arrested for suspected DUI Accused joke thief Conan O'Brien to stand trial Elton John feeling better after frightening health scare SEE ALL Sightings Christopher Meloni, Dana Delany, actor Troy Garity, Rachel Roy, Michelle Collins, Daniel Benedict and Greg Calejo enjoying a four-course gourmet dinner at Geoffrey Zakarian’s Beverly Hills restaurant Georgie ... SEE ALL Video 1:07 McKayla Maroney gives zero F's in this thong video Trending Now 5,728 Howard Stern explains his controversial 'personal day' 5,130 Sandra Lee 'can't stomach' Paul Ryan 4,553 McKayla Maroney gives zero F's in this thong video 3,756 'RHONJ' star Dina Manzo bound and beaten in home invasion 3,680 Mo'Nique slams Oprah, Lee Daniels, Tyler Perry Now On Porn Star Says Netflix’s ‘Hot Girls Wanted: Turned On’ Put Her in Danger SEE ALL More Stories nypost The side of McKayla Maroney you haven't seen before Now On Decider The Best Erotic Thrillers on Netflix page six Howard Stern explains his controversial 'personal day' New York Post Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Email Newsletters Mobile Apps Contact Us Tips Facebook Twitter Instagram Email Sections & Features News Real Estate Page Six Tech Sports Media Metro Photos Entertainment Video Business Alexa Opinion Covers Fashion Horoscope Living Classifieds More Page Six Email Newsletters RSS Feeds NYPost Store Page Six TV Home Delivery Subscribe Manage Subscription Preferences Help/Support Customer Service App FAQ & Help Contact Us Tips Newsroom Letters to the Editor Reprints Careers Apps iPhone App iPad App Android Phone Android Tablet Advertise Media Kit Contacts Post Digital Network © 2017 NYP Holdings, Inc. All Rights Reserved | Terms of Use | Privacy | Your Ad Choices News Corp. is a network of leading companies in the world of diversified media, news, and information services. News Corp HarperCollins Marketwatch realtor.com Dow Jones The Sun Storyful Wall Street Journal The Times Mansion Global New York Post The Australian Checkout51 News America Marketing News.com.au Unruly Page Six Daily Get the latest gossip and celebrity news delivered to your inbox. Page Six Daily Sign Up By clicking above you agree to our Terms of Use and Privacy Policy. X Thanks for subscribing! Sign up for these newsletters from New York Post Morning ReportOur top stories to start your day News AlertsBreaking news and exclusives Evening UpdateCatch up on the day's news Subscribe X Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up With your existing account from... With your existing account {* loginWidget *} Use an account with your email address Or with a NYPost.com account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *}{* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Or use NYPost.com account Sign Up / Sign In Sign In // Sign Up Welcome back Welcome back, {* welcomeName *} {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use an account with your email address Or use another account Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. Please confirm the information below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Sign In", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Almost Done! {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_captcha *} {* traditionalRegistration_ageVerification *} By clicking "Create account", you confirm that you accept our terms of service and have read and understand our privacy policy. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a new password Forgot Password? Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password Sent! We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Close Account Already Exists {* mergeAccounts *} {* backButton *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. Copy Share URL: Copy Link
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. Education Week Teacher Digital Directions Market Brief TopSchoolJobs Shop Annual Reports Books Back Issues Edweek Spotlights Subscriptions Group Subscription Reprints Advertise Recruitment Advertising Display Advertising White Papers May 16, 2017 Login | Register | Subscribe Sign Up for FREE E-Newsletters Browse archived issues 05/10/2017 04/26/2017 04/19/2017 04/05/2017 03/29/2017 03/22/2017 03/08/2017 03/01/2017 02/22/2017 02/15/2017 02/08/2017 01/25/2017 01/18/2017 01/11/2017 01/04/2017 12/14/2016 11/30/2016 11/16/2016 11/09/2016 11/02/2016 10/26/2016 10/19/2016 10/12/2016 10/05/2016 09/28/2016 09/21/2016 09/14/2016 09/07/2016 08/31/2016 08/24/2016 More archived issues Current Issue Topics   Assessment and Testing Budget and Finance Bullying Charter Schools Common Standards Curriculum and Instruction E-Learning Early Childhood English-Language Learners Every Student Succeeds Act Federal Policy High Schools Law and Courts Leadership and Management Research Special Education State News by State Teaching Profession Technology Unions Vouchers See All Topics Blogs   Reports & Data   Leaders to Learn From Quality Counts Technology Counts Special Reporting Series Infographics State Highlights Reports EdCounts Database Education Week Research Center ERS Practical Tools for District Transformation Events   PD Toolkit Webinars Chats Leaders to Learn From Live Events Live Events Videos Opinion   Video Gallery   Jobs   Voucher Proposals Expose Rift in School Choice Movement President Donald Trump and Secretary of Education Betsy DeVos pose with 4th graders Janayah Chatelier, 10, left, Landon Fritz, 10, after they received cards from the children, during a tour of Saint Andrew Catholic School in Orlando, Fla., in March. —Alex Brandon/AP-File By The Associated Press May 15, 2017 Printer-Friendly Email Article Reprints Comments For two decades, a loose-knit group that includes some of the country's wealthiest people has underwritten the political push for school choice, promoting ballot initiatives and candidates who favor competition for traditional public schools. But when a member of this elite group was elevated to education secretary, the appointment opened a philosophical schism that now threatens to shatter the alliance, turn billionaires against each other, and possibly lead some school-choice advocates to join with teachers' unions, their archenemies. Fueling the split is the anticipation of a plan from President Donald Trump's administration that could offer parents federal dollars to send their children to private schools, including religious and for-profit institutions. "As much as we are aligned on change, we aren't always aligned on how much change or how. Sometimes we fight," said Derrell Bradford, executive vice president of the school-reform group 50CAN. School Choice Billionaires at Odds: An Associated Press Analysis Voucher Proposals Expose Rift in School Choice Movement Key Findings on Political Spending by School-Choice Backers Bloomberg Leads Big New York Donors in School Choice Debate School-Choice Millions Pumps Into Pennsylvania Campaigns Handful of Rich School-Choice Donors Spend Big in California Tennessee Balks at School Vouchers Despite Trump Support Trump, DeVos Embolden Supporters of Utah School Vouchers The movement has been cleaved into two camps: those who want to use choice to improve public schools and others, like Education Secretary Betsy DeVos, who want to go further by allowing tax money to flow to private schools through vouchers, government-funded scholarships, or corporate tax credits. The differences that once seemed minor are at the heart of a potential seismic shift in the school-choice movement. School-choice programs were first proposed in the 1950s by Nobel Prize-winning free-market economist Milton Friedman. Since the beginning of this century, they have grown quickly, although the overwhelming majority of students still attend traditional public schools. Thirty states plus Washington, D.C., have some combination of vouchers, government-subsidized education savings accounts, or tax credits that help families afford private-school tuition or encourage private groups to fund scholarships, according to EdChoice, an advocacy group founded by Friedman and his wife. Still, less than 1 percent of children in kindergarten through high school used vouchers to attend private schools in 2015. Just 5 percent of students were in charter schools that year, when charters were operating in more than 40 states. That's up from about 3 percent in 2008, according to the Department of Education. Charter schools are public but in several states are not held to the same accountability standards as traditional schools, which in theory gives them more freedom to innovate. When standardized test scores of children who switched to charter schools or used vouchers are compared with those of students who remained in traditional public schools, some results have been promising. Other studies have shown little effect or even worse outcomes. The Biggest Donors Wal-Mart's Walton family, Los Angeles billionaire Eli Broad, and the father of Microsoft founder Bill Gates have been some of the largest political contributors to the school-reform movement, according to an analysis by The Associated Press of campaign-finance records compiled by the National Institute on Money in State Politics and state campaign-finance regulators. Microsoft's Bill Gates avoids political contributions. His family's massive foundation—which his father, Bill Gates Sr., co-chairs—is a major contributor to education-reform nonprofits. The elder Gates contributes personally as well. Bill Gates Sr. shields his eyes from television lights as he talks to reporters in Seattle in 2010. His family’s massive foundation—which he co-chairs—is a major contributor to education-reform nonprofits. —Ted S. Warren/AP-File In the past, contributions have flowed to reform-minded groups regardless of whether they supported public charter schools, vouchers for private schools, or a combination. Now those funders are beginning to split into competing camps. Groups such as Stand for Children, which pushes for charter schools among other educational changes, are being more vocal now because "the level of ambition of the efforts to expand vouchers is so high," said Jonah Edelman, co-founder and chief executive, who called the voucher proposals "a dramatic effort to undermine public education." Edelman, whose organization receives part of its funding from Walton, Broad, and Gates-related charities and family members, said his group will fight any administration effort to promote vouchers nationwide. Stand for Children has worked with teachers unions in the past on state-level measures to provide more money for schools and raise teacher pay. But its calls for more charters often put it at odds with the unions, which are powerful political entities in many states. The American Federation of Teachers has had conversations with some charter school advocates it has opposed in the past about coordinating to fight a national voucher program, said Randi Weingarten, president of the union. To identify those who have shaped the school-choice movement across the country, the AP analyzed the political contributions of 48 individuals and couples who have given at least $100,000 to related statewide ballot measure campaigns. That group accounted for the majority of reported contributions to campaigns favoring school-choice initiatives from 2000 through last year. The donors nearly matched all the measures' opponents. The group also wields political clout in addition to school-related ballot initiatives. The AP analysis showed that the same wealthy funders contributed a total of more than $200 million from 2007 through last year to candidates and political action committees, some of which are supporters of school choice. Randi Weingarten, president of the American Federation of Teachers, speaks during the first day of the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia last summer. The nation’s two largest teachers’ unions—the National Education Association and American Federation of Teachers, which have 4.5 million members combined—contributed $573 million to campaigns and political action committees from 2007 through 2016, much of it designed to counter the spending of the wealthy families and their affiliated groups. —J. Scott Applewhite/AP-File The funders are from a variety of industries and regions, with a concentration of investors and tech innovators from Seattle and Silicon Valley. Some give millions more to research centers, legal funds, foundations, charter schools, and scholarships that promote pieces of the cause. Political campaigns often are a clash of titans. The nation's two largest teachers' unions—the National Education Association and American Federation of Teachers, which have 4.5 million members combined—contributed $573 million to campaigns and political action committees over the same 10-year period, much of it designed to counter the spending of the wealthy families and their affiliated groups. Both unions and school-choice advocates also made independent political expenditures, which are impossible to tally because the details are not required to be reported in many states. The Heart of the Debate For the past decade, school-choice supporters have split over the merits of private-school vouchers versus public charter schools, according to William Oberndorf, a San Francisco investor, major contributor to the movement and chairman of the American Federation for Children, which was led by DeVos until last year. He urged all school-choice advocates to drop their divisions and support the core belief that choice in any form is a good thing if it lets parents make decisions about what is best for their kids. "Most Americans have that already," Oberndorf said in an interview. "They have that if they have enough money to move to a good school district or send their kids to private school. It's really only poor people who don't have choices." In a statement to the AP, a representative of the Waltons said the family is concerned about improving education quality for all children. It is not focused so much on how that is done. "There have always been tensions in some quarters over the best ways to offer educational options to families," said Marc Sternberg, senior education adviser to the Walton family. "School choice is a means to an end and not the end in itself. It is about making sure those options—including schools within traditional school systems—offer the kinds of high quality, diverse educational opportunities so that every child has a real chance to succeed in life." Other wealthy school-choice funders are adamant about improving the public education system and combatting any effort that would take tax dollars away from it. They object to being grouped with the supporters of private-school vouchers. Venture capitalist Nick Hanauer stands by the window of his office in downtown Seattle. Hanauer calls private school vouchers "a stupid idea." "No voucher program is a $40,000-per-year program. It's a $10,000-per-year program, or a $6,000-per-year program, which means that voucher advocates aren't serious about delivering high-quality education," he said. —Ted S. Warren/AP-File Nick Hanauer, a Seattle investor who had an early stake in Amazon and who spent $1 million in 2012 to support a successful ballot measure to allow charters in Washington state, called vouchers "a stupid idea." Consider that in the most elite private schools across the country, tuition runs $30,000 to $40,000 a year, he said. "No voucher program is a $40,000-per-year program. It's a $10,000-per-year program, or a $6,000-per-year program, which means that voucher advocates aren't serious about delivering high-quality education," he said. "They're simply interested in making it cheaper for people who already send their kids to private school to continue to do this." DeVos Deepens Divide The schism between wealthy funders over private-school vouchers became visible earlier this year during the confirmation process for DeVos, a billionaire heiress who was nominated by Trump for education secretary despite having no experience as a teacher or school administrator. DeVos attended private religious schools in Michigan. Her children were homeschooled and attended religious schools. Broad, a charter school advocate who has contributed at least $3.7 million since 2007 to political efforts to expand charters, wrote a letter to senators urging them to reject DeVos, calling her "unprepared and unqualified." With DeVos at the helm of the Education Department, "much of the good work that has been accomplished to improve public education for all of America's children could be undone," wrote Broad, who declined to be interviewed by the AP. DeVos was confirmed only when Vice President Mike Pence cast the vote to break a 50-50 tie in the Senate. Overstock founder Patrick Byrne, who spent nearly $3 million on a failed 2007 Utah ballot initiative promoting vouchers, said DeVos was an "A-plus." Venture capitalist Timothy Draper, who put $23 million behind a failed attempt to bring vouchers to California in 2000, also had high praise for her. "Having someone who really understands choice in education and how helpful that can be ... is going to be good for education," Draper said. The sides have been at odds previously, including in Arizona, where in April lawmakers passed and the governor signed a law to expand a voucher program. DeVos's American Federation for Children made a total of $500,000 in independent political expenditures in 2014 and 2016. The anti-voucher Stand for Children spent $1 million in the state during that span. The Trump administration has not released any details about a voucher plan. But early this month, Trump asked lawmakers to work with him to extend school choice to millions more children, including low-income Hispanics and blacks "who deserve the same chance as every other child to live out their dreams and fill up their hearts and be educated at the top, top level." Related Blog Visit this blog. The outline in his budget proposal calls for $1.4 billion in school-choice initiatives, including $250 million to launch a voucher program. That money would come in part from cutting $9 billion from K-12 education, including teacher training and after-school and summer programs. The Trump budget calls for eventually increasing annual school-choice funding by $20 billion. It's unclear how much support or opposition such a plan will generate, in part because most people don't know much about the topic. A poll conducted by The Associated Press-NORC Center for Public Affairs Research and released this week found that 58 percent of respondents said they knew little or nothing at all about charter schools and two-thirds reported the same about private school voucher programs. In her first major policy address as education secretary, DeVos said allowing parents to decide where their children will be educated is essential, whether they choose homeschooling, traditional schools, magnets, charters, online schools, or private schools. "I think that the first and most important measure of accountability to the public is to the parents in general, right?" said DeVos. Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Web Only Related Stories "Most Americans Don't Know Much About School Choice. But Many Like It," (Charters & Choice) May 14, 2017. "Betsy DeVos Helped Create Michigan's Charter Sector. Here's How It's Doing," (Charters & Choice) December 7, 2016. “The Evolution of the 'Chartered School',” June 3, 2016. "Walton Foundation Pulls Plug on Charter School Funding in Seven Cities," (Charters & Choice) April 29, 2016. “Zuckerberg Talks Personalized Learning, Philanthropy, and Lessons From Newark,” March 7, 2016. "From Walton to Zuckerberg: How Education Philanthropy Has Changed," (Charters & Choice) January 15, 2016. You must be logged in to leave a comment. Login |  Register Ground Rules for Posting We encourage lively debate, but please be respectful of others. Profanity and personal attacks are prohibited. By commenting, you are agreeing to abide by our user agreement. All comments are public. Back to Top Get more stories and free e-newsletters! Email Password Select your primary connection to education District Superintendent, Deputy/Asst. Superintendent District Leadership - Technology District Leadership - Curriculum, Instruction, Assessment, PD District Leadership - Business, Communications, HR District Personnel - Other (Admin., Specialist, etc.) School-based Leadership (Principal, Asst. Principal) Teacher - Early Childhood/Elementary Teacher - Middle School Teacher - High School School-based Technology Coordinator School-based Personnel - Other (Admin., Specialist, etc.) Library Personnel/Media Specialist University or College Faculty/Administration Federal Government Personnel State Government Personnel Education Product/Service Provider (including Consultants) Investment Community Association/Advocacy Organization Philanthropy Education Research/Analysis Media Education Services Agency School Board Member Student Parent/Community Member Send me Edweek Update e-newsletter (Daily) By clicking "Register" you are agreeing to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Most Popular Stories Viewed Emailed Commented Sponsored Whitepapers • Multimetric Accountability and the Whole Child • Phonics Instruction & Laying a Foundation for Reading • How the Right Technology Keeps K12 Students Engaged • Feedback That Matters • Leveraging Digital Content to Differentiate Learning • 6 Ways to Cultivate Growth Mindset • Empowering Teacher Effectiveness: 4 Key Factors • Long-Term Studies & Examples to Bolster Your Case for Pre-K • Communications Planning for Innovation in Education • Formative Assessment Put into Practice • Meeting the Needs of English Language Learners • How to Ensure Every Student Reads for Depth • Improving School Leadership Under ESSA Spanish Immersion - Elementary Fox Chapel Area School District, Fox Chapel, PA Clinical Director Andover Public Schools, Andover, MA Specialist - State & District Assessment Jeffco Public Schools, Golden, CO Director of Special Education Clover Park School District, Lakewood, WA Director of Technology & Innovation Nyack Public Schools, Nyack, NY MORE EDUCATION JOBS >> Post a Job >> Account Management •Register or Subscribe •Online Account •Print Subscription •Manage E-Newsletters/ Preferences •Group Subscription Contact Us •Help/FAQ •Customer Service •Editor Feedback •Letters to the Editor Policies •User Agreement •Privacy •Reprints Advertise with Us •Display Advertising •Recruitment Advertising EPE Info •About Us •Staff •Work@EPE •Mission and History Education Week Publications •Education Week •Teacher •Digital Directions •Market Brief •TopSchoolJobs © 2017 Editorial Projects in Education 6935 Arlington Road, Bethesda MD 20814 1-800-346-1834 (Main Office) 1-800-445-8250 (Customer Service) [MESSAGE] UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsSiteLicense: false UserType: anonymous DisplayName: TrialsLeft: 0 Trials: http://www.edweek.org/ew/articles/2017/05/13/voucher-proposals-expose-rift-in-school_ap.html Tier Preview Log: Exception pages ( /ew/articles/2017/05/13/voucher-proposals-expose-rift-in-school_ap.html ) = NO Internal request ( 174.138.73.109 ) = NO Open House ( 2017-05-16 03:30:01 ) = NO Personal SL : ( EMPTY ) = NO Site Licence : ( 174.138.73.109 ) = NO ACL Free A vs U ( 2100 vs 0 ) = NO Token Free (NO TOKEN FOUND) = NO Blog authoring preview = NO Search Robot ( Chrome ) = NO Purchased ( 0 ) = NO Monthly ( 29db85a9-505e-fccc-23b6-8eeafc86acdf : 0 / 1 ) = NO Can add to monthly ( /ew/articles/2017/05/13/voucher-proposals-expose-rift-in-school_ap.html ) = YES Add to monthly ( 29db85a9-505e-fccc-23b6-8eeafc86acdf ) = YES Access granted ( 7 ) = YES
Please click here if you are not redirected within a few seconds. Education Week Teacher Digital Directions Market Brief TopSchoolJobs Shop Annual Reports Books Back Issues Edweek Spotlights Subscriptions Group Subscription Reprints Advertise Recruitment Advertising Display Advertising White Papers May 16, 2017 Login | Register | Subscribe Sign Up for FREE E-Newsletters Browse archived issues 05/10/2017 04/26/2017 04/19/2017 04/05/2017 03/29/2017 03/22/2017 03/08/2017 03/01/2017 02/22/2017 02/15/2017 02/08/2017 01/25/2017 01/18/2017 01/11/2017 01/04/2017 12/14/2016 11/30/2016 11/16/2016 11/09/2016 11/02/2016 10/26/2016 10/19/2016 10/12/2016 10/05/2016 09/28/2016 09/21/2016 09/14/2016 09/07/2016 08/31/2016 08/24/2016 More archived issues Current Issue Topics   Assessment and Testing Budget and Finance Bullying Charter Schools Common Standards Curriculum and Instruction E-Learning Early Childhood English-Language Learners Every Student Succeeds Act Federal Policy High Schools Law and Courts Leadership and Management Research Special Education State News by State Teaching Profession Technology Unions Vouchers See All Topics Blogs   Reports & Data   Leaders to Learn From Quality Counts Technology Counts Special Reporting Series Infographics State Highlights Reports EdCounts Database Education Week Research Center ERS Practical Tools for District Transformation Events   PD Toolkit Webinars Chats Leaders to Learn From Live Events Live Events Videos Opinion   Video Gallery   Jobs   Massachusetts' school ballot fight 2nd costliest since 2000 May 15, 2017 Printer-Friendly Email Article Reprints Comments BOSTON (AP) — The fight over the 2016 ballot question aimed at expanding charter schools in Massachusetts was the second costliest school choice-related initiative in the county since 2000. An Associated Press review of donations to school choice ballot questions and candidates found that spending on the 2016 question — which would have let Massachusetts add up to a dozen new or expanded charter schools each year outside of existing caps — topped $43 million. Of the nine school choice-related ballot questions put before voters across the country since 2000, that level of spending was second only a 2000 ballot question in California, which would have established school vouchers. Spending on the California question neared $63 million. Both the Massachusetts and the California question failed. In Massachusetts, more than six in 10 voters rejected the proposal. Those supporting the Massachusetts question included a handful of big money donors who rank among the top 48 individuals or married couples who gave at least $100,000 from 2000 to 2016 to support statewide ballot measures advocating for the creation or expansion of charter schools or taxpayer-funded scholarships that can be used for private school tuition for students in kindergarten through high school, according to the AP review. Some of those top money donors to last year's ballot question hailed from out-of-state including: Alice Walton, of Arizona, a member of Wal-Mart's Walton family, who gave $740,000; Bloomberg founder and former New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, who contributed $490,000; and John Douglas Arnold, of Texas, a Centaurus Advisors hedge fund manager and former Enron trader, who gave $250,000. The top 48 donor list also includes Massachusetts residents who supported the 2016 charter school question, including: Edward Shapiro, a Wellesley resident and partner at Par Capital Management, who gave $225,000; Bradley Bloom, a Wellesley resident and co-founder of Berkshire Partners, who gave $150,000; and Ray Stata, a Dover resident and Analog Devices founder, who contributed $125,000. All told, supporters poured nearly $27 million into trying to persuade Massachusetts voters to support the initiative. The opposition, funded largely by teachers unions, spent more than $16 million fighting the question. The group spending the most to support the question — the New York City-based Families for Excellent Schools — contributed more than $17 million. The group has refused to say who is funding them. Jim Stergios, executive director of the conservative-leaning Pioneer Institute, said there's still plenty of work for charter school supporters in Massachusetts despite last year's defeat. He said the proponents should focus on the lowest-performing 10 percent of districts where charter schools can still be opened. "Even without a ballot initiative being successful, there are a number of cities where there are charters available," Stergios said. "You try to provide access to good schools that way." The ballot question was supported by Republican Gov. Charlie Baker, who appeared in radio and TV ads and campaigned door-to-door to support the measure. Since the defeat, Baker has said he wants to focus on other ways to lower a stubborn academic achievement gap between students in urban schools and those in more affluent suburbs. A spokesman for Baker said that in addition to increasing investments in early education, the administration has proposed increasing spending on all K-12 schools by over $318 million dollars since taking office and continues to pursue empowerment zone legislation and the expansion of vocational education. Copyright 2017 Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. Web Only You must be logged in to leave a comment. Login |  Register Ground Rules for Posting We encourage lively debate, but please be respectful of others. Profanity and personal attacks are prohibited. By commenting, you are agreeing to abide by our user agreement. All comments are public. Back to Top Get more stories and free e-newsletters! Email Password Select your primary connection to education District Superintendent, Deputy/Asst. Superintendent District Leadership - Technology District Leadership - Curriculum, Instruction, Assessment, PD District Leadership - Business, Communications, HR District Personnel - Other (Admin., Specialist, etc.) School-based Leadership (Principal, Asst. Principal) Teacher - Early Childhood/Elementary Teacher - Middle School Teacher - High School School-based Technology Coordinator School-based Personnel - Other (Admin., Specialist, etc.) Library Personnel/Media Specialist University or College Faculty/Administration Federal Government Personnel State Government Personnel Education Product/Service Provider (including Consultants) Investment Community Association/Advocacy Organization Philanthropy Education Research/Analysis Media Education Services Agency School Board Member Student Parent/Community Member Send me Edweek Update e-newsletter (Daily) By clicking "Register" you are agreeing to the Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Most Popular Stories Viewed Emailed Commented Sponsored Whitepapers • Multimetric Accountability and the Whole Child • Phonics Instruction & Laying a Foundation for Reading • How the Right Technology Keeps K12 Students Engaged • Feedback That Matters • Leveraging Digital Content to Differentiate Learning • 6 Ways to Cultivate Growth Mindset • Empowering Teacher Effectiveness: 4 Key Factors • Long-Term Studies & Examples to Bolster Your Case for Pre-K • Communications Planning for Innovation in Education • Formative Assessment Put into Practice • Meeting the Needs of English Language Learners • How to Ensure Every Student Reads for Depth • Improving School Leadership Under ESSA Director of Technology & Innovation Nyack Public Schools, Nyack, NY Spanish Immersion - Elementary Fox Chapel Area School District, Fox Chapel, PA Specialist - State & District Assessment Jeffco Public Schools, Golden, CO Instructional Supervisor (7-12) Germantown Municipal School District, Germantown, TN Director of Special Education Clover Park School District, Lakewood, WA MORE EDUCATION JOBS >> Post a Job >> Account Management •Register or Subscribe •Online Account •Print Subscription •Manage E-Newsletters/ Preferences •Group Subscription Contact Us •Help/FAQ •Customer Service •Editor Feedback •Letters to the Editor Policies •User Agreement •Privacy •Reprints Advertise with Us •Display Advertising •Recruitment Advertising EPE Info •About Us •Staff •Work@EPE •Mission and History Education Week Publications •Education Week •Teacher •Digital Directions •Market Brief •TopSchoolJobs © 2017 Editorial Projects in Education 6935 Arlington Road, Bethesda MD 20814 1-800-346-1834 (Main Office) 1-800-445-8250 (Customer Service) [MESSAGE] UserID: iCustID: IsLogged: false IsSiteLicense: false UserType: anonymous DisplayName: TrialsLeft: 0 Trials: http://www.edweek.org/ew/articles/2017/05/13/massachusetts-school-ballot-fight-2nd-costliest_ap.html Tier Preview Log: Exception pages ( /ew/articles/2017/05/13/massachusetts-school-ballot-fight-2nd-costliest_ap.html ) = NO Internal request ( 174.138.73.109 ) = NO Open House ( 2017-05-16 03:30:01 ) = NO Personal SL : ( EMPTY ) = NO Site Licence : ( 174.138.73.109 ) = NO ACL Free A vs U ( 2100 vs 0 ) = NO Token Free (NO TOKEN FOUND) = NO Blog authoring preview = NO Search Robot ( Chrome ) = NO Purchased ( 0 ) = NO Monthly ( 4772114a-978a-3193-fbbd-23ce6ecb5d58 : 0 / 1 ) = NO Can add to monthly ( /ew/articles/2017/05/13/massachusetts-school-ballot-fight-2nd-costliest_ap.html ) = YES Add to monthly ( 4772114a-978a-3193-fbbd-23ce6ecb5d58 ) = YES Access granted ( 7 ) = YES
Show Updates   People News   TV Ratings News   Entertainment News   RealityTVDB   POP Hollywood   Spoiler News Features & Interviews   Sexy Social Pics of the Day   Things to Know Profiles   Message Boards   Shows Listing The Amazing Race American Grit American Idol America's Got Talent America's Next Top Model The Apprentice Bachelor in Paradise The Bachelor The Bachelorette Big Brother The Biggest Loser Counting On Dance Moms Dancing with the Stars First Dates Flip or Flop Hell's Kitchen Hunted Keeping Up with the Kardashians Kicking & Screaming Married at First Sight MasterChef MasterChef Junior Pawn Stars Project Runway The Real Housewives Shark Tank So You Think You Can Dance Survivor Teen Mom Top Chef The Voice World of Dance More Shows HOME > Keeping Up with the Kardashians Kylie Jenner's new boyfriend Travis Scott arrested for inciting riot at concert UPI News Service, 05/15/2017  Travis Scott, Kylie Jenner's new boyfriend, was arrested for inciting a riot at his concert Saturday night in Arkansas, authorities said. ADVERTISEMENT The rapper, 25, whose real name is Jacques Webster, "encouraged people to rush the stage and bypass the security protocols to ensure concertgoer safety," the Rogers Police Department told US magazine. Scott was charged with inciting a riot, endangering the welfare of a minor and disorderly conduct after his performance at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavilion in Rogers, Ark. He was released without bail. TMZ reported Scott's representatives said he was inviting people seated in the back to available space in the front. Police said several people were injured as the crowd rushed to the stage, including a security guard and a member of the police department. The injuries were treated at the scene by the Rogers Fire Department and Mercy Medical and no one was hospitalized. Scott also was arrested during a 2015 performance at Lollapalooza in Chicago after encouraging fans to jump over security barricades during his set. Scott recently made headlines when he celebrated his 25th birthday in New York with Jenner. The reality television star was spotted presenting the "Goosebumps" singer with a cake and then later seen "sneaking in a passionate make-out" session. << PRIOR STORY Rob Kardashian honors Blac Chyna on Mother's Day: I'm "so thankful for you" NEXT STORY >> 'This Is Us' moving to Thursday nights on NBC this fall Travis Scott/Instagram Get more Reality TV World! Follow us on Twitter, like us on Facebook or add our RSS feed. Copyright 2017 United Press International, Inc. (UPI). Any reproduction, republication, redistribution and/or modification of any UPI content is expressly prohibited without UPI's prior written consent. Rob Kardashian honors Blac Chyna on Mother's Day: I'm "so thankful for you" Kylie Jenner's new boyfriend Travis Scott arrested for inciting riot at concert Caitlyn Jenner on Kim Kardashian: "I haven't talked to her in a long time... I keep my distance" Scott Disick reportedly binge drinking again over Kourtney Kardashian and Younes Bendjima's fling Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott take their budding romance to Miami Ben Higgins and Lauren Bushnell call off engagement and split, 'The Bachelor' couple reportedly "wanted different things" Terri Irwin reveals she planned on having third child with Steve Irwin Lilli Passero talks 'The Voice': I don't really know if the world is ready for a female crooner Fox on 'American Idol' revival on ABC -- It would have been "fraudulent" for us to bring it back so quickly Brie Bella celebrates Mother's Day with newborn Birdie and husband Daniel Bryan Chris Daughtry reportedly joins 'American Idol's judging panel for ABC revival Bethenny Frankel and Alex Rodriguez join 'Shark Tank' Mark Isaiah: 'The Voice' is like boot camp, Adam Levine will eventually see me at the Grammys! PAID CONTENT Brody Jenner Bruce Jenner Caitlyn Jenner Kanye West Kendall Jenner Khloe Kardashian Kim Kardashian Kourtney Kardashian Kris Humphries Kris Jenner Kylie Jenner Lamar Odom Rob Kardashian Scott Disick George R.R. Martin details 'Game of Thrones' spinoffs 'Will & Grace' stars sing and dance in revival trailer Christian Serratos of 'The Walking Dead' welcomes first child 'Scream Queens' canceled by Fox after two seasons 'New Girl' to return for seventh and final season on Fox Jim Parsons weds longtime companion Todd Spiewak 'This Is Us' moving to Thursday nights on NBC this fall Katy Perry announces fall tour and titles her new album 'Witness' Take Our User Survey Page generated Tue May 16, 2017 2:56 am in 0.87380313873291 seconds About Reality TV World   •   Advertise on Reality TV World  •   Contact Reality TV World  •   Privacy Policy   •   RSS Feed Top Shows:  The Amazing Race · American Idol · America's Got Talent · America's Next Top Model · The Apprentice · Bachelor Pad · The Bachelor · The Bachelorette · Big Brother · The Biggest Loser · Breaking Amish · Dance Moms · Dancing with the Stars · Duck Dynasty · Extreme Makeover · Fashion Star · Hell's Kitchen · Here Comes Honey Boo Boo · Jersey Shore · Jon & Kate Plus 8 · Keeping Up with the Kardashians · MasterChef · Pawn Stars · Project Runway · The Real Housewives · The Real World · Shark Tank · So You Think You Can Dance · Survivor · Swamp People · Teen Mom · Top Chef · The Voice · The X Factor The Bachelor:  Bachelor 17 · Bachelor 16 · Bachelor 15 · Bachelor 14 · Bachelor 13 · Bachelor 12 · Bachelor 11 · Bachelor 10 · Bachelor 9 · Bachelor 8 · Bachelor 7 · Bachelor 6 · Top Model:  Top Model 20 · Top Model 19 · Top Model 18 · Top Model 17 · Top Model 16 · Top Model 15 · Top Model 14 · Top Model 13 · Top Model 12 · Top Model 11 · Top Model 10 · Top Model 9 · All logos and trademarks presented are property of their respective owner. All site content is © 2000-2016 Reality TV World and may not be republished or reproduced without Reality TV World's expressed written permission. This website has been solely developed and presented by Reality TV World, and is in no way authorized or connected with any network, station affiliate, or broadcasting sponsor. Page read in 0.0089459419250488 seconds
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States May 16, 2:31 AM EDT Subscribe Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe NationalPolitical Capital Bernie Sanders vs. Billionaires In LA School Board Race That Shows Education Policy Battles By Josh Keefe @thejoshkeefe On 05/15/17 AT 2:31 PM Close Sen. Bernie Sanders has been busy over the last few weeks on a unity tour with DNC chairman Tom Perez , but that hasn’t stopped him from wading into a local school board election. It’s the most expensive in U.S. history and may help decide one of the most important ideological battles roiling the Democratic Party — the battle over charter schools in education policy. Sanders has endorsed two candidates running in this Tuesday’s Los Angeles school board race, which has pitted Democrats’ labor movement allies, who support traditional public schools, against prominent corporate moguls who have pressed the party to embrace privately run charter schools. Read: Why Do Ivy League Schools Get Tax Breaks? How The Richest US Colleges Get Richer “Billionaires should not make a profit off of public school children,” Sanders said in a statement. “That’s why I’m supporting Steve Zimmer and Imelda Padilla for the Los Angeles School Board. They will fight against the Trump/DeVos agenda to destabilize and undermine public schools.” A longtime ally of the labor movement, Sanders is backing the two candidates who are supported by the local teachers union in a race that could shift control of the nation’s second largest school district. The Sanders candidates are opposed by attorney Nick Melvoin and teacher Kelly Gonez, who support charter schools and whose candidacies have been backed by millions of dollars from groups funded by (among others) Walmart heir Alice Walton, Netflix founder Reed Hastings and real estate magnate Eli Broad. While the election is local, the outside money flooding into the race shows the stakes are high. The powerful Los Angeles Unified School District Board of Education oversees a school district with nearly 640,000 students and a $7.6 billion budget — in a Democratic city that has become a key battleground in the fight over whether to strengthen traditional public schools or move more of the public education system under private control. Almost a quarter of Los Angeles school district students were enrolled in privately run charter schools, up from 17 percent in the 2011-2012 school year. Recently, though, there has been resistance from progressive lawmakers and unions, who have pushed legislation to subject charter schools to more transparency and scrutiny.   Amid the divisive battle and attack ads that have defined the race, the candidates on both sides of the divide told International Business Times they are surprised and dismayed by the amount of cash pouring into the election: more than $13 million in independent expenditures. That figure dwarfs spending by the candidates’ campaigns, which have spent only $1.7 million in total, according to the most recent campaign filings. “I feel like I’m in a series of superhero movies where the budget in each film gets inexplicably higher and higher,” said Zimmer, who was first elected to the board in 2009 and who recently introduced a school board resolution to support “clean money” public financing of elections. “I was a teacher when I started this. I’m a teacher now. So the whole thing is completely surreal to me. There is no reasonable or rational explanation as to why so much money is being spent on this race.” Gonez said the tidal wave of outside money has made it difficult for the public to have an honest debate about the issues. “For voters, it’s just not fair,” she said. “They are not able to hear about the real differences between the candidates.” A Castlebay Lane Charter School is seen in the Porter Ranch area of Los Angeles, Jan. 9, 2016. Photo: Reuters California On The Front Line Those differences over the direction of education policy reflect the larger schism in the education policy debate for the last decade. Battles over charter schools and “school choice” have taken place across the country in recent years and California has been ground zero. The state now has more charter schools and students in charter schools than any other, and was called the charter school “Wild West” by the Washington Post last year because its charters operate with “little if any accountability or transparency to the public.” In advance of the Los Angeles school board elections, legislation was drafted to change that. In April, the board, led by Zimmer, voted 4-3 to fund lobbying in support of three teacher-union-supported bills in the California legislature that would pull charter schools into the light. One of the bills would require charter schools to comply with the same open meeting and public disclosure requirements as school districts. Another would mandate that  charter school admission, suspension and expulsion procedures comply with federal and state due process rules. The third bill would require charter schools to be approved by the local school district instead of state or county boards of education. (The California Charter Schools Association has lobbied on all three bills.) These bills come less than a year after Democratic Gov. Jerry Brown vetoed legislation to increase charter school transparency; he vetoed a similar bill in 2014. “Starting a charter school requires the strong commitment of dedicated individuals willing to serve on a governing board,” Brown wrote in a statement. “While I support transparency, this bill goes further than simply addressing issues of potential conflicts of interest and goes too far in prescribing how these boards must operate.” The California Teachers Association argued the bill would have applied the same standards governing neighborhood public schools to charter schools. “It is unfortunate that given all the reports showing fraud, waste, mismanagement and unequal access to students, Governor Brown would veto such important legislation that simply required the same standards of accountability and transparency that apply to all neighborhood public schools,” California Teachers Association President Eric Heins said in a statement. American Federation of Teachers President Randi Weingarten speaks during the Democratic National Convention in Philadelphia, July 25, 2016. Photo: Reuters The Local Races The Los Angeles school board elections are a microcosm of the larger debate roiling the state. In the District 4 race, Nick Melvoin, an attorney and former teacher, is seeking to unseat board president Zimmer, who has been the target of the California Charter School Association (CCSA), which has spent nearly $3 million on ads and fliers opposing Zimmer through a variety of associated groups. Those efforts included a full-page and front-page wrap ads in the Los Angeles Times on Sunday and Monday. Good luck to @nickmelvoin in the Tuesday runoff election for LA school board! pic.twitter.com/95ztVmkBHI— MarthaGroves (@marthaGroves) May 14, 2017 Outside spending in #LAUSD board race tops $10M. @SteveZimmer_4SB steps up fundraising but trails @NickMelvoin. https://t.co/5Xs2rDXXHp pic.twitter.com/w12jj7g01j— LA School Report (@LASchoolReport) May 6, 2017 The Los Angeles teachers union backs Zimmer and has teamed with the American Federation of Teachers’ Committee on Political Education to fund a group called “Students, Parents and Educators in Support of Padilla and Zimmer for School Board 2017,” which has spent $500,000 attacking Melvoin and led to accusations of undisclosed spending. In District 6, charter school teacher and CCSA-backed candidate Gonez is running against union-supported community organizer Padilla for an empty school board seat in a race that has generated $5.4 million in outside spending. Individual campaign contributions are capped at $1,100, but there are no limits to donations to outside groups making so-called “independent expenditures” for or against candidates.  While roughly $13 million has been spent by outside groups on the two races, Los Angeles’ last mayoral race in 2013 produced just $10.7 million in independent expenditures but more than $20 million in campaign contributions. In 2015, the district’s three most expensive school board races saw a combined $5.2 million in outside expenditures and less than $1 million in total campaign contributions.  Former Los Angeles Mayor Dick Riordan made a $1 million donation to a CCSA-backed group in January. GAP co-founder Doris Fisher chipped in $1.05 million. Members of the Walton family, heirs to the WalMart fortune who have spent millions on pro-charter school efforts, have contributed $700,000 to the CCSA’s political arm, CCSA Advocates, since September. Billionaire Eli Broad, whose foundation once developed a plan to move 50 percent of Los Angeles students into charter schools, has contributed at least $450,000 since November. Netflix Founder Reed Hastings has been the top contributor, according to the Los Angeles Times, contributing nearly $5 million to CCSA Advocates since September. Reed Hastings, co-founder and CEO of Netflix, speaks during the opening night of the WSJD Live conference in Laguna Beach, California, Oct. 24, 2016. Photo: Reuters Spending by these outside groups, and their efforts to paint the candidates as either beholden to teacher unions or puppets of pro-charter school billionaires, has threatened to take the campaign from the candidates themselves and made it a battle between two powerful lobbies. “It’s an awkward position for me,” said Gonez, a teacher and District 6 candidate who has benefitted from $2.4 million in independent expenditures on her behalf from the CCSA Advocates Independent Expenditure Committee and the CCSA-funded Parent Teacher Alliance. “I’m not involved with what they have done and who their supporters are.” While the attack ads have sought to stress the ideological differences between the candidates, the gaps may be somewhat overstated. For instance, although Steve Zimmer has been painted as an enemy of school choice, he has approved dozens of charter schools on his watch. And while the United Teachers of Los Angeles (UTLA) has tried to connect Melvoin and Gonez ( who were both endorsed by the Los Angeles Times ) to the educational policies of Education Secretary Betsy DeVos and the Donald Trump administration, both Melvoin and Gonez worked for the Obama administration and are opposed to school vouchers, a favorite policy among “school choice” advocates like DeVos. Teachers unions have generally argued that whether in Los Angeles or other school board races focusing on charter schools, wealthy individuals are trying to use their private money to buy public education policy. “If our opponents win this election, then the billionaire candidates will move more and more toward a two- or even three-tiered system, where some students will be served and some will not,” UTLA president Alex Caputo-Pearl told IBT. By contrast, Melvoin argues that it’s the unions that have direct financial interest at stake in these elections, not the billionaires. “I think we need to reform campaign finance in general, but there’s no way in this equation that Eli Broad, that Reed Hastings, are making money off of this investment,” Melvoin told IBT. “They give their money away to arts, to science, to education. If somebody could show me that giving me $1,100, or spending a million to elect a student-centered school board, that they’re profiting from that, then I’d be open to investigate. But it’s all political rhetoric.” “These folks have been giving away their fortunes to non-profits and they see a school district that hasn’t been improving fast enough and they want to bring in some new blood,” Melvoin said.National More Political Capital Trump Appointee Could Open Federal Land To Oil And Gas Companies By Josh Keefe If confirmed, David Bernhardt will transition from lobbying on behalf of fossil fuel companies to overseeing their drilling rights. Did A Halliburton Donation Bankroll Pro-Fracking Policy? By David Sirota and Josh Keefe A Colorado ethics watchdog eyed the oil and gas industry’s power: “It’s not common to see a contribution that’s so closely timed to legislative action like that,” he said. Join the Discussion Most Read Newsletter Everything You Need To Know, Right Now Sign up for the newsletter. Subscribe Recommended Business The Price Of Oil And 5 Ways The Cost Could Climb To $100 Just because the oil market remains saturated with crude right now doesn't mean it will stay that way forever. Technology WannaCry Ransomware Shares Code With North Korean Malware The similarity was first discovered by a Google security researcher and echoed by a number of security experts, but they warned similarities do not equate to clear attribution. World Explaining The Universe’s Accelerating Expansion A new theory involving quantum vacuum offers a possible reason that causes the phenomenon, which was first discovered by astronomers in 1998. National Caffeine Kills 16-Year-Old Student A 16-year-old South Carolina student was killed due to drinking 3 caffeinated drinks back to back within a span of 2 hours. Experts have surmised that caffeine, although a legal substance, can prove to be pretty dangerous when consumed in high amounts. © Copyright 2017 Newsweek Media Group All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: How Procter & Gamble Co. Makes Most of Its Money These are the brands, markets, and customers that deliver most of P&G's revenue each year. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) May 15, 2017 at 1:21PM Procter & Gamble (NYSE:PG) controls one of the biggest portfolios of consumer product franchises in the world. Its brands span core industry segments like grooming, baby care, and household cleaning -- covering products that millions of consumers use every day. Below, we'll take a closer look at where most of this blue-chip giant's profits come from. A few big brands P&G competes across 10 product categories that the company rolls into five reportable business segments: beauty, healthcare, fabric care, grooming, and baby, feminine, and family care. Image source: Getty Images. Fabric care is its single biggest division, responsible for just under one-third of sales and 27% of profits last year. Thanks to the Tide, Ariel, and Downy brands, the company is the global market share leader in laundry, with 30% of the industry under its thumb. P&G also dominates the grooming segment, where its Gillette franchise delivers an incredible 65% of the global market for razors and blades. That's down from 70% a few years ago, though, thanks to rising competition from value-based brands and online subscription services. Pampers is P&G's single biggest brand. The diaper franchise was worth $9 billion, or 14%, of revenue last year and is the category leader in the U.S. market. Rival Kimberly-Clark (NYSE:KMB) sits in second place with the Huggies brand. The key geographic market Procter & Gamble has operations in 70 countries and its products are sold in over 180 countries and territories. Yet most of its revenue -- 44%, to be exact -- is generated in the United States. That proportion is growing, too. In fiscal 2014, the figure stood at 39%. The heavy reliance on developed economies helps keep P&G more profitable, but also slower-growing, than peers. Unilever (NYSE:UL) gets 60% of its business from emerging markets in places like Latin America and Southeast Asia. It enjoyed 4% organic sales gains last year, compared to P&G's 1% uptick. Procter & Gamble's 21% operating margin is well ahead of Unilever's 15%, and Kimberly-Clark's 18%. UL Operating Margin (TTM) data by YCharts. Like its rivals, P&G's global business exposes it to currency swings and to economic disruptions outside of the U.S. In fiscal 2016, for example, exchange rate swings lopped 6 percentage points off reported sales. In the prior year, the company had to take a nearly $2 billion hit in its profits from exiting the Venezuelan market amid economic turmoil. One major customer P&G gets 15% of its revenue, or about $10 billion, from Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT). That's slightly more than Kimberly-Clark, which counted 14% of its business from the world's biggest retailer last year. The relationship between P&G and Wal-Mart has grown more complicated lately. In response to declining customer traffic, the retailing giant made three strategic changes that have pinched P&G's top and bottom lines. First, it has whittled down its selection of brands on display in a bid to create a more streamlined, cleaner shopping experience for customers. That's left less room on shelves for P&G to show off improvements in its core brands. Wal-Mart has also pressured its partner to lower prices so that it can better compete against rival supermarket chains. And third, the retailer is pouring resources into in-store brands that in some cases directly challenge P&G's dominance in categories like laundry, home care, and paper goods. The changes appear to be working, as they've helped deliver increasing customer traffic for Wal-Mart over the past year. For P&G, though, they've added urgency to its e-commerce initiative. Last quarter's 30% spike in that channel was a bright spot in an overall weak report. But the gain still left the digital segment at 5% of P&G's overall business. That number will need to rise significantly over the next few years for the company to maintain market share as customers do more of their shopping online. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool recommends Kimberly-Clark and Unilever. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info May 15, 2017 at 1:21PM Consumer Goods Stocks Unilever NYSE:UL $53.18 up $0.41 (0.78%) Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $76.29 up $0.58 (0.77%) Procter & Gamble NYSE:PG $86.33 up $0.14 (0.16%) Kimberly-Clark NYSE:KMB $128.00 up $0.01 (0.01%) Read More 10 Companies That Have Paid Dividends for More Than 120 Years Procter & Gamble Co. Stock at $90: What's Next? Procter & Gamble Co.'s New Billionaire Investor Better Buy: Procter & Gamble Co vs. Altria Group Inc 4 Key Quotes From Procter & Gamble Co.'s Earnings Call Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current How Procter & Gamble Co. Makes Most of Its Money @themotleyfool #stocks $UL, $WMT, $PG, $KMB
CBS News Logo News Latest US World Politics Entertainment Health MoneyWatch SciTech Crime Sports Shows Video More In Depth Photos Mobile Radio Local Shop Log In CBSN By Jennifer Earl CBS News May 15, 2017, 2:27 PM Teen mom caught shoplifting brought to tears by police officer's kind act Dothan Police Officer Katrina Culbreath and Sheena Davenport, 19, pose for a picture outside of a grocery store in Alabama. Sheena Davenport Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Sheena Davenport walked out of an Alabama courtroom last week with her head down. The 19-year-old mother pleaded guilty to shoplifting and had to pay $700 in fines and restitution. She stole food from a Walmart nearly a year ago, when she and her boyfriend, 20-year-old Logan McPherson, had fallen on tough times. "I only had $5 to last until who knows when," Davenport, the mother of an 18-month-old named Skylar, told CBS News. "I had been looking for jobs. We applied for food stamps." A year later, the family is in a better place, but Davenport said she will forever feel the shame of her actions that day. As the teen mom left court last Monday, a police officer tapped her on the shoulder and told her to wait outside. Confused, Davenport did as the officer asked. Dothan Police Officer Katrina Culbreath then told Davenport to follow her police cruiser. Again, Davenport followed her instruction. After a short drive, the pair pulled into a Winn-Dixie grocery store parking lot in Dothan, Alabama. "Grab a buggy — let's go shopping," Culbreath said with a grin after they exited their vehicles. Davenport said she couldn't accept the officer's generous offer, but Culbreath insisted, and they headed into the store. "We talked about her past struggles and how to make it through them," Davenport said. Davenport recalls spotting Culbreath in court before, but the pair had never actually met until that day. "As we were walking through the store I wanted to cry the whole time that someone would actually do something like this for me in my struggling times," Davenport said.  When Davenport was finished picking out her groceries for the week, Culbreath took the cart and footed the $139 bill. Davenport was so overwhelmed and grateful she asked the officer to snap a quick picture, which she shared on Facebook to show her friends "there are still people out there to make a difference." The post went viral with more than 10,000 likes and thousands of shares. Shared post from Sheena. Wow! Way to go Katrina! You're the best! #dothanpolicePosted by Dothan Police Department on Tuesday, May 9, 2017 The Dothan Police Department saw the post and praised Culbreath for her act of kindness. "Wow! Way to go Katrina! You're the best!" the department posted the next day. Davenport hopes one day to pay Culbreath back, and said the officer taught her a valuable lesson: "Don't be afraid to ask." "When my time comes I will pay it forward," she said. © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in U.S. What the last Nuremberg prosecutor alive wants the world to know At 97, Ben Ferencz is the last Nuremberg prosecutor alive and he has a far-reaching message for today’s world Creighton killings: Was revenge the motive behind Omaha stabbing deaths? Two double murders five years apart in quiet Omaha neighborhoods -- the trail would lead police to a local hospital and an unlikely suspect Popular CBSN Live pop-out From 60 Minutes 60 Minutes/Vanity Fair poll: Media The Bin Laden Documents Curiosity James Comey Comey in 2014: FBI needs "independence" from politics Play Video James Comey Play Video The Bin Laden Documents Play Video Curiosity Play Video Trump revealed intel? Play Video Trump ramifications Play Video Trump's taping converstations? Play Video Cyberattack slows Play Video Microsoft on cyber attack Play Video Rebel fighters evacuated Previous Next 44 Photos Goldie Hawn 21 Photos Powers Boothe 1948-2017 21 Photos Cancer family: Joined in illness 15 Photos Portraits of Johnny Mathis 61 Photos Notable deaths in 2017 Previous Next Most Discussed Trump fires FBI Director James Comey Trump says Comey "better hope that there are no 'tapes'" of conversations Senate hearing on worldwide threats with acting FBI director -- live updates After Comey firing, top Dems want Russia documents kept from White House White House claims "near uprising" at FBI led to Comey firing New Fire TV App CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Search Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved.
Home News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment Elections News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week Diamond Kings Big 22 Starting Five Report It Community Community Events Community Resources Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Contests Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Obituaries 42° F Broken Clouds Hi: 68° F Lo: 41° F Youngstown Radar Current Conditions Satellite Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Ohio News Pennsylvania News National & World Entertainment Elections News Live Stream Mr. Food Recipes Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts JobsNOW Latest Headlines Youngstown teachers union unwilling to open contract to negotiations May 15, 2017 The raise CEO Krish Mohip offered teachers was met with resistance because the union feels he might want to open other parts of the contract… Sharon teachers disappointed after another contract deal rejected May 15, 2017 The issue of teacher’s salaries was discussed, angering many in the room who were upset the teachers hadn’t been given a raise. Trumbull Co. Fair to feature re-done Historic Village, Bazetta church May 15, 2017 Special day recognized for families of children with terminal illness May 15, 2017 E. Liverpool police: Deadly drugs coming from Cleveland street gang May 15, 2017 27 Investigates 27 Investigates Report It Weather Weather Forecast Radar Closings Weather Alerts Weather cameras Sign-up Text Alerts Sign-up Email Alerts Current Conditions 42° F Broken Clouds Feels Like: 42° F Wind: SE 3 Humidity: 85% Dewpoint: 38° F Sunrise: 6:04 AM Sunset: 8:34 PM Youngstown Weather Interactive Radar Sponsored by: Sports Sports Sports Headlines Scores Game of the Week Diamond Kings Big 22 Starting Five Latest Headlines Canfield Baseball ends Poland’s run as District Champion May 15, 2017 With the win, Canfield advances to face top-seeded Niles in the Division II District Championship game Tuesday at 6:30PM at Cene Park. McDonald doubles up Bristol in District Semi May 15, 2017 McDonald advances to the District title matchup with Mathews tomorrow. DeFalco one-hitter leads Niles past West Branch May 15, 2017 Aquinas turns back Lisbon softball May 15, 2017 District Championship up for grabs for 17 area softball teams this week May 15, 2017 Report It Community Community Events Community Resources Caring For Our Community Community Calendar Heroin Crisis Mental Health More About Us Advertise With Us Contact Us Contests Jobs News Team Watch CBS Shows Watch FOX Shows WKBN/FOX TV Schedule Obituaries Search for: Search the site 42° F Broken Clouds Hi: 68° F Lo: 41° F Boardman crime activity: Police called for argument over bill at ear doctor’s office Police investigated the following incidents from May 5-8: By WKBN Staff Published: May 15, 2017, 2:08 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Friday, May 5 5 a.m. — 900 block of Boardman Poland Rd., Robert Rosenberg, Jr., arrested on a warrant for inducing panic. Police were called to the Shell gas station for a man who had been in the store for an unusually long amount of time. A clerk said Rosenberg was sitting outside on a milk crate for 30 minutes and vomiting in the walkway. He then went into the restroom and was there for 30 minutes before the clerk called police. Police said Rosenberg continued vomiting, had scrapes on his elbows and his clothes were soaking wet. He told police he had been off “hard drugs” for about three days, causing him to be sick, and his injuries were from being chased by a dog earlier in the night. Police said Rosenberg was found to have a warrant for a drug overdose in front of Southgate Pizza on April 19. 2:50 p.m. — 6300 block of South Ave., a Sam’s Club employee reported that he suspected another employee was making fraudulent returns. He said several customers contacted the store about receiving gift cards for returns, but that those gift cards had no money on them. The same employee handled the transactions and suspected that the one employee was keeping the gift cards with money on them for himself. 9:21 p.m. — Market St. near Newport Dr., Matt R. Green, 23, of East Palestine, arrested and charged with drug possession. Police said Green, a passenger in a car stopped by an officer, tried to hide a bag of marijuana between his legs. A search of the vehicle uncovered three bags of marijuana weighing 18 grams, almost 2 grams of heroin and fentanyl and six Tramadol pills on the floor near where Green was sitting, according to a police report. Police said Green admitted to owning the drugs was found with six additional Tramadol pills in his pocket. Saturday, May 6 2:52 p.m. — 1300 block of Doral Dr., Kristopher R. Malailua and Jasmine L. David, of Youngstown, arrested and charged with theft at Walmart. 8:34 p.m — 400 block of Boardman Poland Rd., a Target employee reported that he was made aware of a large-scale theft that happened around 9 a.m. He said surveillance video from the store showed two men and two women entered the store together, separated and filled a storage tote and duffle bag with various items and put them in shopping carts, which they then pushed out of the store. They got into a Ford Windstar van, gray or tan in color, and left the area. 8:57 p.m. — 1300 block of Doral Dr., Yvette Mendez, arrested and charged with theft at Walmart. Monday, May 8 10:14 a.m. — 7200 block of Glenwood Ave., officers were called to Fifth Avenue Otolaryngology for a woman who was refusing to leave the property and arguing over a bill. The woman told police she was unhappy with the services at the office and wanted to take her medical records elsewhere. Office staff told police they had to keep the original records but would send copies. They said she continued yelling and being disruptive. The woman later told police that a doctor pushed her, which the doctor denied. He said the woman was upset when being told that her son had no hearing issues and had at one point pushed him. 3:44 p.m. — 7400 block of Market St., Armony Moore, arrested on a theft warrant and charged with theft and criminal trespass after she was accused of shoplifting at Macy’s. 6:02 p.m. — 8100 block of Hitchcock Rd., a man reported that prescription pills and around $1,000 in cash were missing from where he lived after he was hospitalized for a medical issue. He told police that the owner of the home witnessed a family member in his bedroom, going through his things. He said several days later, the family member returned to the house with her boyfriend to apologize for her behavior and offered to drive him to do errands since he couldn’t drive. He said at that time, the couple robbed him at gunpoint and pushed him out of the vehicle, leaving him on the side of the road without his cane. Disclaimer: The following reports do not represent all calls made to the Boardman Police Department. Looking for more crime activity? See more communities here: Austintown Boardman Niles Warren Youngstown . Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Youngstown crime activity: Man charged with hitting ambulance, running away Boardman crime activity: Woman charged with ransacking laundromat Boardman crime activity: Police say man ate cocaine during traffic stop Niles crime activity: Police investigate man asking girls for ride home Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WKBN 27 First News provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. No links will be permitted. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKBN.com © 1998-2017 WKBN.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc | All Rights Reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Weather Sports MyValleyDeals MyValleyDining Tributes Station Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts WKBN news app WKBN weather app ION Television LAFF Get TV Admin Business Closed Captioning FCC Public File (WKBN) WKBN EEO Report WKBN FCC 398 Children’s Report Privacy Policy Terms of Use Nexstar Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement X Our Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Have Changed Important Notice About Our Privacy Policy: We have modified our Privacy Policy to update and clarify our data collection, use, and disclosure practices. By using this site, you agree to the updated Privacy Policy and Terms of Use Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
e-paper India Follow us: Today in New Delhi, India May 16, 2017-Tuesday -°C New Delhi Humidity - Wind - select city Metro cities - Delhi Mumbai Chennai Kolkata Other cities - Noida Gurgaon Bengaluru Hyderabad Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Lucknow Patna Ranchi Powered by Close india world cities opinion ipl 2017 sports entertainment lifestyle business tech education whatnow photos videos jaago re Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Mycollegesabroad Desimartini FDI rules in food retail may be changed to allow sale of some FMCG products After approving 100% foreign direct investment (FDI) in food processing, the Centre is preparing to further relax rules to allow foreign retailers and e-commerce companies to sell consumer products made in India. business Updated: May 16, 2017 00:23 IST Raj Kumar Ray and DK Singh Hindustan Times, New Delhi Harsimrat Kaur Badal at Parliament during the Budget session in New Delhi.(Mohd Zakir/HT Photo) Consumers might soon get home care products such as shampoo and soaps at foreign retail stores. After approving 100% foreign direct investment (FDI) in food processing, the Centre is preparing to further relax rules to allow foreign retailers and e-commerce companies to sell consumer products made in India. Union minister of food processing industries Harsimrat Kaur Badal told Hindustan Times in an interview that she expects the change in the FDI rules to attract more funds into the country, encourage the ‘Make in India’ initiative and increase farmers’ income. Global retailers, including Amazon, Wal-Mart and Metro AG, are keen to increase their footprint in India to cash in on the consumption growth story of the world’s second populous nation. Last year, India allowed 100% FDI both in food processing and trading, including through e-commerce, for products manufactured in India. However, retailers complain of wafer-thin margins in selling just fruits and vegetables. Global food retailers also sell some consumer goods to cover the loss on food items — a model called “Food Plus”. “The viability comes from other products,” Badal said, referring to the sale of soaps, shampoos and other consumer goods along with farm products. “I have written to the Prime Minister (for relaxing the FDI rules). Today our farmers need infrastructure at the farm gate level, which is missing,” she said. The Union minister said that in the current set up, the farmers were selling their produce at a low price. “When his produce comes, a farmer has to sell at whatever price he gets. After some months, the same product is sold four times the cost. Farmers are now selling their produce at a very low price. We need infrastructure as fast as possible at the farm gate level.” “So why not put a clause (in FDI rules) that whoever invests at the farm gate level, 20-25% of that amount can be invested in selling soaps, shampoo and other FMCG (fast moving consumer goods). Many retailers will be interested to expand their operations. What I am saying is videshi paiso se swadeshi kisano ka bhala,” she said. Higher FDI will improve the $22-billion food processing sector as there is a dearth of infrastructure and high scale wastage. While India is a leading producer of vegetables, fruits and milk, Badal said a survey of 26 commodities in 150 districts show wastage up to 15%. The minister also pointed out the food processing industry was handicapped by decades-old rules of the Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI). States have to implement the new rules and end inspector raj, she added. Without mentioning the ban on Nestle’s Maggi, Badal said the food processing industry was hurt by the delay in product clearance for items with minor variance. While big companies got caught in the web of regulation, the unregulated sectors could churn up unhealthy products and grab a bigger share of the market, she said. As against tests for just 375 product ingredients approved earlier, she said the rules have been streamlined to global standards and 1,200 products can be tested now. “With that, the investment flow has also smoothened,” she added. The minister said the government was also coming up with a state-of-the-art testing facility at Sonepat which will be the final authority for food safety. In order to arrest post-harvest losses of horticulture and non-horticulture produce, the ministry has accorded approval to 42 Mega Food Parks and 236 Integrated Cold Chains for creation of modern infrastructure for food processing along the value chain from the farm to the market. Out of 42 Mega Food Parks, eight are operational. Of these, six Mega Food Parks have been made operational during the past three years. Another four Mega Food Parks are targeted to be made operational in next three months. Similarly, out of 236 Cold Chains, 101 Cold Chains have been sanctioned recently in March, 2017. Hundred Cold Chains have become operational, with 63 of them being made operational during the last three years. more from business Fuel prices cut: Petrol cheaper by Rs 2.16 per litre, diesel by Rs 2.10 May 15, 2017 23:37 IST India’s April exports grow 19.8%, imports up 49% on gold rush May 15, 2017 19:36 IST Not a Drop to Waste- A Water Day Infographic Partnered Feature Recommended for you India World Business Education Autos Real estate Opinion Analysis Columns Editorials Blogs Authors Cities Delhi Gurgaon Noida Mumbai Bhopal Chandigarh Dehradun Indore Jaipur Kolkata Lucknow Patna Ranchi Sports Cricket Football Tennis Others Entertainment Movie reviews Bollywood Hollywood Regional movies World cinema TV Music Tabloid Lifestyle Sex & relationship Fitness Fashion & trends Art & culture Travel Books Brunch Tech Tech Reviews Gadgets Photos Videos Epaper HT Indepth Punjab Livemint Livehindustan Shine HTcampus Desimartini HTsyndication Follow us on: Newsletter Register with Hindustan Times to get best news and articles Copyright © HT Media Limited All rights reserved. About us Contact us Privacy policy Disclaimer Print Ad rates Jobs India can play important role in Palestine issue, says President Mahmoud Abbas May 16, 2017 00:25 IST Kulbhushan Jadhav death penalty: ICJ defers ruling after India, Pakistan present... May 16, 2017 00:17 IST CBI books 13 firms in foreign remittance scam of over Rs 2,200 crore May 15, 2017 23:43 IST Supreme Court questions WhatsApp’s move to tweak privacy policy May 15, 2017 23:44 IST Did not get any concrete proposal from Centre on Feroz Shah Kotla, says Arun Ja... May 15, 2017 23:21 IST ‘I was never rude. It was she...’: Vistara air hostess on Pappu Yadav’s wife May 15, 2017 23:43 IST Pakistan shelling: Relief camps along LoC swell with over 1,500 villagers May 15, 2017 23:09 IST Syria building crematorium to cover up mass murders, says US May 15, 2017 23:50 IST Israel’s first female sharia judge sworn in May 15, 2017 22:46 IST Technology to the rescue: Man thanks iPhone’s Siri for saving life in explosion May 15, 2017 21:32 IST As White House races to name new FBI director, demand mounts for Comey "tapes" May 15, 2017 20:51 IST How a lucky accident stopped WannaCry ransomware attack, landed 22-yr-old a job May 15, 2017 20:06 IST Pakistan daily leaks plans for China-Pakistan Economic Corridor May 15, 2017 23:50 IST ‘Piano man’ Putin says he’ll meet Trump, talk and then choose tune to match May 15, 2017 19:59 IST delhi gurgaon noida mumbai bhopal chandigarh dehradun indore jaipur kolkata lucknow patna ranchi Hit by ransomware, Maha govt plans policy to tighten cyber defences May 16, 2017 00:25 IST BMC destroys 1.2-lakh kg of contaminated ice sold at street stalls in Mumbai May 16, 2017 00:24 IST Mumbai-Nagpur expressway: Land acquisition blues, again May 16, 2017 00:21 IST DU admissions: Weightage for sports trial increased to 60% May 16, 2017 00:13 IST Ghaziabad police finds infant abducted by neighbour to raise as his own May 16, 2017 00:05 IST Rabale murder: Cops recover body parts of Worli woman, arrest fifth suspect May 16, 2017 00:07 IST Sanjeev Jha to continue hunger strike till Mishra proves his allegations May 16, 2017 00:05 IST Noida: DM tells schools not to hold outdoor activities for students May 16, 2017 00:05 IST North Delhi brings in Mr Swachh and Madam Safai Pasand to instil civic sense May 16, 2017 00:01 IST analysis columns editorials blogs authors Those who kill for partisan ends cannot be patriots May 15, 2017 18:03 IST Banks must be the change agents in the digitisation of the rural economy May 15, 2017 16:54 IST #Rohtak: Is India getting inured to brutal rape incidents? May 15, 2017 16:16 IST India has its reasons to boycott China’s Belt Road Initiative May 15, 2017 17:05 IST Freedom of expression: Despite Trump, it is alive and kicking in the US May 15, 2017 15:34 IST cricket football tennis other sports ht gifa IPL 2017 Qualifier: Wankhede curator unfazed, dishes out batting-friendly surface May 15, 2017 23:26 IST FIFA U-17 World Cup: Carles Puyol hands over 1st ticket to kin of Mohun Bagan g... May 15, 2017 23:38 IST Chris Gayle says his controversial BBL comments now used as catchline May 15, 2017 22:39 IST Mithali Raj to lead India in ICC Women’s World Cup 2017 May 15, 2017 22:24 IST Muhammed Anas improves 400m national mark, qualifies for London world meet May 15, 2017 22:09 IST movie reviews bollywood hollywood regional movies world cinema tv music tabloid Are Sidharth Shukla and Rashami Desai friends no more? May 15, 2017 20:04 IST Watch video: Arjun Kapoor hugs his Half Girlfriend, and it’s not Shraddha Kapoor May 15, 2017 20:00 IST Happy Birthday Madhuri Dixit: Here’s how Bollywood actors wished the ageless be... May 15, 2017 19:34 IST After getting trolled, Armaan Malik has a message for Justin Bieber’s fans May 15, 2017 19:28 IST Believe it or not: Watch how VFX created Baahubali’s incredible scenes May 15, 2017 19:16 IST sex & relationships fitness fashion & trends art & culture travel books more from lifestyle brunch Energy drinks in alcohol make you feel more drunk, says study May 15, 2017 21:46 IST New research finds ways to use light to attack cancer cells with the immune sys... May 15, 2017 21:24 IST Diet drinks, soda may make you gain weight, finds study May 15, 2017 20:46 IST From Cara Delevingne to Akshay Kumar, martial arts is a hit among celebs May 15, 2017 18:42 IST From depression to super yogini: Meet Sjana Elise, Instagram fitness superstar May 15, 2017 18:22 IST Fuel prices cut: Petrol cheaper by Rs 2.16 per litre, diesel by Rs 2.10 May 15, 2017 23:37 IST FDI rules in food retail may be changed to allow sale of some FMCG products May 16, 2017 00:23 IST India’s April exports grow 19.8%, imports up 49% on gold rush May 15, 2017 19:36 IST Cyber Attack: No serious impact in India due to ransomware, says Prasad May 15, 2017 18:43 IST US companies push hard for lower tax rate on offshore profits May 15, 2017 18:03 IST Vedanta posts Q4 profit helped by higher revenue from commodities May 15, 2017 17:37 IST Banks must be the change agents in the digitisation of the rural economy May 15, 2017 16:54 IST Google’s Waymo, ride-sharer Lyft team up against Uber in self-driving technology May 15, 2017 12:07 IST WannaCry ransomware: All about how to prevent or combat the cyberattack May 15, 2017 14:12 IST Ransomware attack: India issues red alert, experts warn of more trouble today May 15, 2017 08:14 IST HT explains: The Rs 19,000-ransom seeking malware that could return this week May 15, 2017 06:55 IST WhatsApp fined over $3 million for data sharing in Italy May 13, 2017 11:46 IST Amazon Prime video app coming to Apple TV May 12, 2017 14:05 IST 70% Indian auto sales to be digitally influenced by 2020: Bain & Co, Facebook s... May 12, 2017 11:17 IST DU admissions: Weightage for sports trial increased to 60% May 16, 2017 00:13 IST SSC CGL 2017: Recruitment notification issued, check it here May 15, 2017 21:56 IST CBSE to declare Class 12 results likely by May 25 May 15, 2017 21:59 IST CLAT 2017 records 93% attendance, Kashmir 90.38% May 15, 2017 19:05 IST SBI PO Prelims 2017 results on Wednesday May 17, know how to check May 15, 2017 18:46 IST Pakistan cross-border shelling displaces thousands along the Indian LOC May 15, 2017 13:33 IST Humans of Old Delhi May 15, 2017 10:43 IST Against all odds: Stories of motherhood that inspire us to never give... May 14, 2017 13:34 IST Their future is our future: Motto of this years International... May 13, 2017 19:54 IST Ladies of the lakes: Woman power revive Karnataka’s dry water... May 13, 2017 15:54 IST Bus falls into a stream, villagers rescue passengers using ropes May 15, 2017 16:46 IST AC, sofa installed in slain jawan’s house taken away after Yogi Adityanath’s visit May 15, 2017 16:29 IST Family members of Pathankot attack’s fallen soldier thrashed May 15, 2017 15:18 IST U.P. Assembly’s first session begins amidst ruckus May 15, 2017 14:29 IST Man-animal conflict plagues Maharashtra villages May 14, 2017 16:21 IST ht-indepth longreads health real-estate autos punjab epaper ht-brand stories weekend
Channels  Music  Style  Pop Culture  Sports  Sneakers  Life  Videos  Shop  Shuffle  Hustle More from Complex  GO90  Rated Red  First We Feast  Pigeons & Planes  Collider  Sole Collector  Green Label  Ride Channel SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Pop Culture Pop Culture Exclusive: Tracy Morgan Is In Top Form On New Netflix Special 'Staying Alive' Share Tweet Exclusive: Tracy Morgan Is In Top Form On New Netflix Special 'Staying Alive' By khal resident old | @khal May 15, 2017 Share Tweet Subscribe to Complex Video via Netflix We're almost three years since a minibus Tracy Morgan was riding in was involved in a massive car accident with a Walmart tractor trailer. It took some time, but a year later, Tracy Morgan returned, picking up everything from a pilot with Jordan Peele to returning to the SNL stage. On May 16, 2017, Tracy Morgan makes his return to the comedy special circuit with Staying Alive, which premieres on Netflix, which has made itself the haven for stand-up. While there's unfortunately not a lot of context regarding the exclusive clip up above, we see Tracy talking about that awkward experience when someone knocks on your door overnight and your parents answer, embarrassing the fuck out of you. No one tells a story quite like Tracy, so it's dope to see him sliding in those insane details, from the 27" TV to the way his father's knee looked at the time. Dude's a genius, and I for one am glad he's still with us. Tracy is sure to be bringing the funny; if you're trying to get you some, be sure to check out Staying Alive when it hits Netflix on Tuesday, May 16. Related Tracy Morgan Returns to 'SNL' Alongside Kenan Thompson as Beyoncé’s Twins Tracy Morgan Says He's Forgiven Walmart Truck Driver But His New White Neighbors Haven't Tracy Morgan Jokes About Walmart During Howard Stern Interview: 'You Still Can't Beat Their Prices!' WatchNow Tags: News, Videos, Comedy, Comedians, Exclusive, Netflix, Tracy Morgan  Like  Follow  Chat Show Comments Lateststories Mo’Nique Tells Lee Daniels, Tyler Perry, and Oprah They Could Suck Her Dick If She Had One BY Joshua Espinoza 5 hours ago Hackers Are Threatening to Leak Upcoming 'Pirates of the Caribbean' Movie BY Joshua Espinoza 7 hours ago Bill Cosby's Daughter Claims He's Been 'Publicly Lynched in the Media' BY Khal 10 hours ago Everything You Need to Know About Fox's New Marvel Series 'The Gifted' BY Khal 14 hours ago "Alien: Covenant" | Featured Trailer of the Week Exclusive: Tracy Morgan Is In Top Form On New Netflix Special 'Staying Alive' BY Khal 15 hours ago Sports Chris Rock Shares a Story About the Time Michael Jordan Almost Grabbed McDonald's With Him and the 'SNL' Cast BY Edwin Ortiz 16 hours ago Sneakers Sneaker Shopping With Chris Rock BY Matt Welty 16 hours ago Music Here's How Jennifer Lopez, Tom Brady, DJ Khaled and More Celebrated Mother's Day BY Jose Martinez May 14, 2017 Music Aziz Ansari Shares Awesome Kanye West Stories About 'Yeezus' and "Living So Italian" BY Aaron Mansfield May 14, 2017 Load More Stories NowTrending SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER   Contact UsTerms of Use CareersPrivacy Policy AdvertiseSite Map FeedsPersonalization MusicStyle Pop CultureSports SneakersLife © Complex Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Home All News Calvert County News Charles County News St. Mary’s County News Prince George’s News Anne Arundel News Traffic Cameras Law Enforcement Crime Solvers Calvert County Crime Solvers Charles County Crime Solvers St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers Fire & Rescue Obituaries Weather Community Politics Department of Defense Education Entertainment Arts Food Food Reviews Music Night Life MORE Business Opinions Commentary Editorials Letters Sports St. Mary’s County Crime Solvers High School Sports Motor Sports About Us Advertise Contact Us Wednesday’s Pet Good News FIRE/POLICE SCANNERS Food Reviews California Couple Arrested for Shoplifting at Walmart with Children May 11, 2017 Patricia Lee Largen, 28, and Brian Morton Whitehouse, 30, both of California On Monday, May 8, 2017, Deputies from the St. Mary’s County Sheriff’s Office responded to the Walmart in California, for a reported theft in progress. Prior to deputies arrival, the two suspects fled the store.  Loss prevention personnel followed the suspects and provided location updates to the responding units. Deputies located and detained both suspects identified as Patricia Lee Largen, 28 of California, and Brian Morton Whitehouse, 30 of California. The investigation revealed the suspects entered the business with their children. Largen concealed numerous items  having a value over $500 and damaged part of a display, while Whitehouse acted as a “lookout” during the theft. Deputy First Class R. Steinbach arrested both suspects and transported them to the St. Mary’s County Detention Center where they were both charged with Theft Less $1000 and Malicious Destruction of Property. Patricia Lee Largen, 28 of California   Brian Morton Whitehouse, 30 of California Patricia Lee Largen, 28, and Brian Morton Whitehouse, 30, both of California This entry was posted on May 11, 2017 at 9:49 am and is filed under All News, Community, County, Law Enforcement, St. Mary's News, Top News, z 600X120 Top Ad Bottom, z Police Ad Top. You can follow any responses to this entry through the RSS 2.0 feed. 55 Responses to California Couple Arrested for Shoplifting at Walmart with Children Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 10:11 am Bunch of losers! Reply Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 10:38 am Please take those children away from this trash so they may have a shot at a decent life. Reply yod on May 11, 2017 at 11:01 am Usually I like to make fun of people who think they can get away with stealing from Wal-Mart when it’s been proven time and time again that it’s virtually impossible but I’m sad for these kids who had to watch their parents get arrested and embarrassed in front of everyone like that. Reply Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 7:41 pm No it’s not. I worked there and can tell you how easy it actually is. I’d find over $300 worth of packaging from stolen good each night. FYI, no loss prevention overnight. It’s a joke. Once an off duty cop caught a guy stealing and the manager couldn’t even get into the LP office to review the tape. Reply Anonymous on May 12, 2017 at 8:55 am It’s like that everywhere, grocery stores too! There was a guy at Shoppers that got caught putting frozen shrimp in his pants. Reply w warrior on May 14, 2017 at 8:40 am thanks for sharing that genius! You just opened the door further to encourage this stellar behavior. Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 8:21 am Actually, that comment had nothing to do with encouragement of anything. He or she was just making a statement based on experience with that multi-million/billion dollar corporation that could afford daily theft losses and in most cases deserve it for the way that they rob their employees and customers. I don’t feel sorry for the company or the shoplifters because at the end of the day, it’s criminal vs criminal and as they say “may the best one win.” Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 11:58 am F you and F this comment. Do you know who pays for theft and loses by corporations? The consumers do, they would not dare mess with their profit. I don’t care if someone steals from a big store or a little old lady they are still a piece of garbage thief that cost all law abiding, hard working, tax paying people money in the long run. As for the way they treat their employees, I didn’t realize people were forced to work there. Don’t want to work a low level job for one of these companies then get an education, get a skill, or just get a clue and work toward a career. No one including big businesses owes you or anyone else anything. Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 11:04 am Way to instill you piece of garbage values to the next generation. The only way those kids will have any chance in the world is if they are taken from these two turds and given to a responsible family member. At this point foster care would be a better alternative then these two. Both should be charged with neglect and abuse. They are ruining these kids entire lives. Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 8:23 am Screw the next generation. You can blame modern music, TV shows, cell phones and pop culture for “ruining these kids.” Also blame the worthless parents for exposing them to that crap and the law for allowing filth to reproduce. Reply Nick on May 11, 2017 at 11:18 am Real classy…. teaching your children to shoplift! Reply The real Bob Lob Law on May 11, 2017 at 12:13 pm We have the winners of the “Parents of the Year” award for St Mary’s County. Tell them what they won Johnny! Reply Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 2:10 pm Don’t know about them but you win the Most Pathetic Poster of the Quarter Award. Reply Ben Matlock on May 14, 2017 at 9:13 am 2nd most pathetic. Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 8:33 am Yeah, you’re probably number 1. Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 8:32 pm Better than being #2, which you are. So you got that going for you. maxinedirtywaters on May 12, 2017 at 6:55 am Soap & Shampoo Reply Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 1:43 pm SAD these two are the posters for what a parent is not!!! UNbelievable that such ignorance is fluent in this community. Clearly the children are in an unsafe environment by both parents being arrested and their illegal activities in the children’s presence. Not only should they be charged with Theft but child endangerment as well these are clearly CINA kids!!! Reply Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 2:40 pm Typical southern Maryland trash Reply Anon on May 11, 2017 at 4:11 pm What they need to go to jail for is child neglect. Their poor kids watch their parents do drugs, are always in need of a bath and clean clothes and are never in seatbelts Reply Anon on May 11, 2017 at 4:32 pm How they still have their kids I will never understand. Only reason they have them is to get money and food stamps from the government. Reply Not Surprised At All on May 11, 2017 at 4:54 pm They will be out soon enough to steal some more. They probably get government assistance, too. I hope the children don’t get separated due to poor choices on the parent’s behalf. Reply Anonymous on May 11, 2017 at 5:04 pm They need to contact the family on the dad side. They have values and the capability to raise those children properly. Reply Anonymous on May 12, 2017 at 1:05 pm Nothing the dad side of the family can do if the father himself won’t stand up for his son! And only the OLDEST is their grandchild…the rest are not! Reply Anna on May 12, 2017 at 7:35 pm You don’t even no WTF your talking about the oldest ain’t with them and that’s the only one that ain’t there grandchild Reply Grammar Police on May 13, 2017 at 8:23 am ** know ** you’re ** their Reply chiefjoseph on May 13, 2017 at 7:13 pm Anna, please go back to school. Reply Old SE Dog on May 12, 2017 at 1:04 am A match made in heaven! OMG LOL feel bad for their children. Reply Sillysue on May 12, 2017 at 1:27 am I hear they are doing a remake of Deliverance and looking for actors. Reply Anonymous on May 12, 2017 at 6:08 pm For y’alls information the oldest does not reside with her. And the rest of her kids are actually taken care of. So take it out on the parents not the children they had nothing to do with it…. Reply Y'alls Info on May 12, 2017 at 7:51 pm How about you just STFU? Your posting exudes so much ignorance and inbreeding, I may puke! Reply Anonymous on May 12, 2017 at 7:58 pm I’m not sure where anyone is getting their information from: Patricia and Brian have 3 children. They have never had a place to live. They go from relative to relative and friend to friend or motel to motel. They have been doing drugs since I have known them. The children see the drugs and have seen needles, etc. The schools have not done anything. They currently ‘live’ with her mother, a sister, her husband and daughter; brother, wife, and their three kids; and her oldest child. (that’s 15 if you lost count) They lie and steal to get whatever they want. They have even taken their kids on their drug buys. They drive vehicles that are uninsured and you’re right-they do not use seat belts. Look up their names on the Maryland Judicial system website. You will see the amount of tickets they have received. (Nothing happened) Social services should have done something before things got this bad. Reply Ben Matlock on May 14, 2017 at 9:14 am Yup, it’s the government’s job to fix everything. Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 8:32 am Something tells me that you’ve housed those bums before. I’m not going to pretend that my life is perfect like most people on here do but I’m not on drugs, don’t commit violent crimes, don’t steal from stores, don’t have kids out of wedlock and I work and give back to the community as a volunteer whenever an opportunity exists. Reply Anonymous on May 12, 2017 at 8:12 pm I live in the same neighborhood as these people. There are different cars on a daily basis. The kids are always dirty and most of the time, no shoes. They play in the street (they have a yard) There is always trash laying around. They never watch the kids. I saw the youngest boy riding his bike on a DIFFERENT street than where he lives! He is only 4 or 5. We use to call people like these white trash. Reply Not from around here on May 12, 2017 at 8:59 pm Look up Patricia Largen on Facebook – for the big family picture they must have called each other and said “wear your best wife beater undershirt” for family pic. Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 8:35 pm Wow! You were right. Reply Anonymous on May 12, 2017 at 9:31 pm Addiction is sad and its ashame it destroys families. but maybe thier eyes will open in jail and realize whats truly important in life. and for those that judge. eat a Dick! !!! no one knows someone elses struggles. Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 8:00 am So you tell people not to judge and that we don’t know their struggle all the while you are judging the ones posting without knowing their struggle. I will judge trashy addicts and I will always judge trashy addicts because they made their choice to be that way. I was robbed by a trashy addict in front of my children at knifepoint. So no, I have no sympathy and I don’t care about their self imposed struggle while they are ruining their own children’s lives. And if you are one of those trashy addicts I am sure you know something about eating a dick, anything for your next fix right? Reply Anonymous on May 13, 2017 at 8:04 am This pair of trailer rats will get out of jail with a slap on the wrist and be back to stealing in no time. Reply Anonymous on May 13, 2017 at 12:10 pm White privilege even occurs in criminality Reply Anonymous on May 13, 2017 at 12:42 pm This is crazy they need help not bashing them not bad people just need help with there addiction .. Her mother tries to help her out she is raising her oldest child and helping with the other 3 .. And then of course you got her son who is running around town with a nother woman and he’s a married man and dogging is family for is on selfish needs not thinking about what he is doing to his family putting his wife and kids on the back burner for another woman and her child. So please there is all kinds of struggles .. Keep in mind struggles are real saying a prayer for this family amen Reply Anonymous on May 13, 2017 at 3:44 pm Doesn’t look like she’s doing a great job! One of her kids is a thief and the son has no morals or values! The other kids she has are thieves and drug addicts. She did drugs with them when they were teens! Reply Robert Lada on May 13, 2017 at 4:26 pm Anybody that has anything to say to me my Facebook is under Robert Lada message me directly cuz they should has nothing to do with me or my family but if y’all want to make it that way I’m not hard to find so look me up Reply Anonymous on May 14, 2017 at 8:33 am A real good role model for your kids right teach them its ok to cheat lie and have no morals . your laying down with some one who has slept with everyone in st.Mary’s county and half of Texas great job dad marriage means nothing family is nothing. Has I said for your children and your wife .hopefully she moves on and does better for those children because they sure don’t need to be around the girl friend who thinks its ok to get around if you know what I mean . Reply Bob Lob Law on May 14, 2017 at 9:41 am I would say you have a lovely family, but I’d be lying. Reply Anonymous on May 13, 2017 at 4:12 pm Seems mom has done an outstanding job raising her kids. Sure hope she does better with the grandkids. Her kids never graduated high school. They have received numerous traffic citations, arrested for stealing and owe almost $100,000 (combined) for not paying electric, cars, etc. They have been told that it is okay to lie and steal. This is not the first time for them to get arrested or just got caught. All of this information is public knowledge. I have no use for people who lie, steal, and use or neglect their kids. Lots of people have money problems, drug/alcohol problems. They still manage to take care of their family. He gets a job to pay the bills. Go to rehab. Do something! Reply Anonymous on May 14, 2017 at 6:45 pm WE ALL AGREE THE PARENTS ARE UNFIT. THE CHILDREN ARE THE ONLY THING THAT MATTERS. SOCIAL SERVICES NEEDS TO TAKE THEM. MOM AND DAD NEED TO GO TO REHAB. GET A JOB. FIND A SAFE PLACE TO LIVE. ONLY THEN SHOULD THEY WORK TOWARDS GETTING THEIR KIDS BACK. Reply Anonymous on May 13, 2017 at 8:30 pm THE ONLY THING THAT SHOULD MATTER IS THE CHILDREN!!! Social services needs to step up!!! Do your job!! Reply Anonymous on May 13, 2017 at 10:23 pm PROTECT THESE KIDS!!! TAKE THEM. MOM AND DAD NEED TO GET CLEAN. GET JOBS. LEARN HOW TO BE PARENTS. THEN PROVE YOU ARE WORTHY TO RAISE YOUR CHILDREN!! Reply w warrior on May 14, 2017 at 8:47 am Sounds like live PD and Jerry Springer need to start recruiting from St Mary’s. This is ridiculous! Reply Danielle on May 15, 2017 at 1:17 pm I’m so glad we moved away because everyone in MD does nothing but talk about everyone! Everyone knows everyone there is no privacy! Some of you are bashing an entire family when some of us are embarrassed by all of these things and do not approve of the constant drama/stupidity! So before you talk and judge (quilty by association/blood relation) know that me and mine have our lives together! But it’s family so what can you do but pray for them! So quit judging worry about yourselves that’s what we do! Grow up and stop running your mouths like your still in high school. It’s truly pathetic that you all can annoyomously run your mouths about stuff behind a computer/phone that you know little about, majority probably harsh rumors no doubt! Everyone has a chapter in their life they do not read out loud! Yes I do agree these children deserve better parents because they are being selfish but that’s what drugs do to people! You can’t help everyone and I’m positive there’s at least one drug addict in some of your families since MD is crawling with heroin/crack/coke/pills! At least half the people I use to chill with years ago now go to meetings for their drug addictions and I had absolutely no idea they even had a problem! Do not I repeat DO NOT put me and mine into this because we have NOTHING to do with any of this!!! We are completely different people so yes their mother did do one thing right because my husband is a wonderful man and puts his family first and she is damn proud of him! I will always stand behind my mother in law and will not let you bring her down because of your ignorance! You can’t make anyone do anything these are grown people not like she can whoop their butts or put them in time out! She’s a great mom and cares deeply! Yes she made mistakes who hasn’t but she owns them all and does her best to make up for it! So from here on out keep this conversation about Brian and Patricia not everyone else! When the others god forbid do something wrong and get put on blast then you have a right to talk until then be quiet and mind your own! I could go on and on but I’ve already wasted too much time with this drama! Thank you for reading and have a great day! :) Reply Bob Lob Law on May 15, 2017 at 2:08 pm Go make me a sandwich. Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 4:18 pm If you are a “caring” relative, why haven’t you done something. As their aunt, maybe you should have called social services before everything got out-of-hand. Sorry, I believe you are as much to blame. You knew what those kids and did nothing You are just as guilty! Reply Anonymous on May 15, 2017 at 7:48 pm saw your picture on facebook Did you really think taking a shower would matter? Did you remember to give the kids a bath? Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Comment * Name Email Archives May 2017 (153) April 2017 (272) March 2017 (314) February 2017 (241) January 2017 (250) December 2016 (241) November 2016 (256) October 2016 (319) September 2016 (270) August 2016 (275) July 2016 (240) June 2016 (298) May 2016 (372) April 2016 (288) March 2016 (323) February 2016 (330) January 2016 (296) December 2015 (299) November 2015 (267) October 2015 (323) September 2015 (340) August 2015 (320) July 2015 (309) June 2015 (351) May 2015 (289) April 2015 (300) March 2015 (318) February 2015 (264) January 2015 (285) December 2014 (271) November 2014 (272) October 2014 (288) September 2014 (324) August 2014 (272) July 2014 (298) June 2014 (306) May 2014 (376) April 2014 (451) March 2014 (584) February 2014 (503) January 2014 (627) December 2013 (603) November 2013 (587) October 2013 (600) September 2013 (543) August 2013 (528) July 2013 (594) June 2013 (559) May 2013 (591) April 2013 (614) March 2013 (542) February 2013 (445) January 2013 (455) December 2012 (389) November 2012 (415) October 2012 (552) September 2012 (376) August 2012 (307) July 2012 (318) June 2012 (317) May 2012 (325) April 2012 (294) March 2012 (319) February 2012 (291) January 2012 (311) December 2011 (290) November 2011 (294) October 2011 (239) September 2011 (251) Copyright © 2016 Southern Maryland News Net. All Rights Reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports     U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines U.S. Showbiz U.K. Showbiz Headlines Arts Pictures Blogs Video TV Listings My Profile Logout Login Feedback NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad You picked on the wrong kid! High school bully is body slammed and pummeled by his classmate after throwing the first punch Get it together! Top Republicans tell the White House to stop its 'downward spiral' as they demand a 'full explanation' over claims Trump leaked 'highly-classified' intel to the Russians about ISIS laptop threat during Oval Office meeting Bill Cosby says racism could be to blame for his sexual assault lawsuits as he gives his first interview on the allegations in two years Has Pirates been pirated? Hackers threaten to release stolen upcoming Disney blockbuster unless studio pays massive ransom Three 'burglars' are killed after crashing their car into a pond during a high-speed police chase after 'robbing a Sprint store' University of Miami theater student, 22, dies in an Everglades airboat crash just one day after graduating top of her class White and black female travel companions accuse American Airlines of racism after African American woman is downgraded from first class while her friend was allowed to stay United changes its secret cockpit-door access codes after they were accidentally leaked online Man, 36, 'drenched in blood walks into a grocery store carrying his mother's severed HEAD on Mother's Day before stabbing an employee' Latin Kings gang member is sentenced to 49 years after stabbing beating his transgender girlfriend to death with a hammer Teacher resigns after penning a letter to the school paper quoting a Bible verse saying gay people 'deserve to die Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, just nine months after the mother-of-three divorced her husband Wife 'hired a hitman who shot her husband dead for a $900K life insurance policy after her plot to poison him failed' Ruth Madoff's new life in a tiny New England community after losing $80m worth of mansions, jewelry, cars and art and both her sons following her husband's $65bn Ponzi scheme  Horrifying security footage shows the moment a private jet carrying two people crashed and exploded into flames near a New Jersey airport How simply looking at pictures can make you feel itchy cold tired or dizzy: If you don't believe us try staring at these 'You hesitate, you die': Oklahoma cop says her police training was running through her mind as she shot dead an unarmed black man Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten with a baseball bat and bound by masked robbers at his home What will the world be like in a BILLION years? Experts predict raceless humans speaking a new language will live on an Earth where oceans have evaporated 'Earth 2.0' COULD be habitable: Climate model suggests Proxima B is likely to have perfect conditions to host alien life Live TV broadcast unwittingly shows the moment police shoot dead a fleeing suspect after he appears to point a weapon at them Researchers discover how ladybugs fold their wings and say the intricate mechanism could revolutionize everything from the umbrella to satellites The mysterious flashes of light coming from earth even NASA can't explain: Satellite captures strange glints How did he survive? Horrifying footage emerges of the moment a Navy trainee was sucked into the engine of a fighter jet during the Gulf War Previous Next Pictured: Kylie Jenner's 'boyfriend' Travis Scott in mug shot after being arrested for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct at Arkansas concert By Heidi Parker and Regina F. Graham For Mailonline Published: 13:25 EDT, 15 May 2017 | Updated: 15:17 EDT, 15 May 2017 e-mail 6 shares 181 View comments Travis Scott's mug shot was released to the public on Monday. The rapper, who is reportedly dating Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Kylie Jenner, was arrested at the end of his show on Saturday night in Arkansas. He was taken away in handcuffs. The 25-year-old was booked in the Benton County Jail for inciting a riot, disorderly conduct and endangering the welfare of a minor after performing at the Walmart Arkansas Music Pavillion in Rogers for his Birds Eye View Tour, TMZ reported.  He was released without bail around 11:30pm and will have to return to Arkansas for a court date at some point.   Booked: Travis Scott's mug shot was released to the public on Monday. The rapper, who is reportedly dating Keeping Up With The Kardashians star Kylie Jenner, was arrested at the end of his show on Saturday night in Arkansas No show: It doesn't appear that Jenner, 19, was with the Grammy nominated artist at the time of his latest arrest This is not his first run-in with the law. RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next 'They're EXCLUSIVE': Inseparable Kylie Jenner and Travis... A big snub! Kris Jenner leaves ex Caitlyn OUT of her two... Get me home A$AP! Kendall Jenner comes over all camera shy... Back to reality! Kylie Jenner models $99 Rob Kardashian... Share this article Share The rapper, whose real name is Jacques Webster, Jr., was arrested at Lollapalooza in Chicago for the same thing in 2015 for telling crowds to 'rush the stage.' It doesn't appear that Jenner, 19, was with the Grammy nominated artist at the time of his latest arrest. Busted: Rapper Scott (above on Saturday) was hauled off the stage in handcuffs by police at the end of his show on Saturday night in Arkansas Arrest: The 25-year-old (above on Saturday) was booked in the Benton County Jail for inciting a riot, disorderly conduct and endangering the welfare of a minor Legal troubles: The Grammy nominated artist (above on Saturday) was released without bail around 11:30pm and will have to return to Arkansas for a court date at some point Missing the action?: It does not appear that his rumored new girlfriend Kylie Jenner was with him at the time of his latest arrest. They are pictured above on April 25  On Sunday she shared photos on social media taken in LA as she enjoyed Mother's Day. The Lip Kit founder was with her mom Kris Jenner, 61, as well as her grandmother MJ. The teen also shared a plate of red-and-white cookies with Mom written on top, projecting a wholesome family image. Kylie and Travis have seemingly been inseparable in recent weeks since being spotted holding hands at the Coachella music festival in California last month.  Not in Arkansas: On Sunday she shared photos on social media taken in LA as she enjoyed Mother's Day She said they were her 'heart': The Lip Kit founder was with her mom Kris Jenner, 61, as well as her grandmother MJ In domestic mode: It seemed as if Kylie was enjoying 'Mom' cookies as her beau was dealing with the law The reality star and the rapper are set to take the next step in their relationship by making things exclusive, TMZ reported. The pair are rumored to be sealing the deal as she's even visited his hometown of Houston where they enjoyed a Rockets' game on Thursday night.   Sealing the deal: Kylie, 19, and the 25-year-old rapper are now set to take the next step in their relationship by making things exclusive, as reported by TMZ. Above they are pictured last week in Miami The social media savvy star also took things one step further by 'introducing herself to Scott's family' - showing that she really is serious about moving on from her ex of three years, Tyga.  As well as Houston, the smitten pair have been spending time together in New York where they celebrated Travis' 25th birthday bash at Cipriani's. MailOnline has contacted representatives for Kylie for further comment.   This comes after an insider told US Weekly: 'Travis is telling friends that he and Kylie are the real deal.' Moving quickly: The reality star has proved to be inseparable from the rapper since they were first spotted getting cosy at Coachella last month and she has since 'visited his family'  The Antidote rapper 'immediately gave Kylie a kiss' after his Coachella festival performance in April, according to Us Weekly's insider.  Despite her relationship taking a more committed turn, Kylie has continued with her sex kitten display on social media.  The teen sensation took to Instagram to share a very revealing and racy photo on Wednesday. The Keeping Up With The Kardashians star posted a photo of her sitting on a window sill wearing nothing but a thong.  Racy: Despite her relationship taking a more serious, committed turn, Kylie has continued with her sex kitten display as she shared a revealing photo on social media Read more: Travis Scott Arrested for Inciting Riot in Arkansas | TMZ.com Share or comment on this article e-mail 6 shares Most watched News videos Travis Scott's Arkansas show branded a 'riot' by police Miss District of Columbia crowned Miss USA 2017 Aaron Hernandez's fiancée thinks suicide note could be fake Kirby Crane arrested by Dekalb County PD for punching dog Police in Baltimore discover toddler in car of man shot dead Trump commencement speech mentions 'pathetic' critics Mum releases photos showing the progression of meningococcal B Kate, Wills, and Harry host Buckingham Palace party Adorable moment baby waits for beat to drop so she can dance Putin on a show: Russian president shows off his piano skills Andy Cohen shows off his new Steve Harvey doorbell Video of what appears to be Jayson lying handcuffed on the ground Andy Cohen adds Steve Harvey doorbell to his dressing... Model home! Christie Brinkley lists her sprawling 20-acre... Fired Sports Center anchor bravely opens up about her... Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy... One big family! Megyn Kelly appears alongside NBC News... Outraged conservatives on social media call for boycott... Tiffany Trump treats mom Marla Maples to a day of prayer,... Ruth Madoff's new life in a tiny New England community... Former Paramount Pictures CEO Brad Grey dies of cancer... It pays to know the First Kid: Barron Trump 'took his... 'I miss a day of work and it's bigger news than James... Duke University junior home for the summer in... 'I need to take a shower': What President's counselor... Famous New York author who penned books on Bobby Kennedy... Heart-breaking moment a whimpering toddler is pulled from... National Security Advisor McMaster DENIES Trump leaked... Ohio police officer nearly dies after accidentally... White and black female travel companions accuse American... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● ● Comments 181 Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated   View all The comments below have not been moderated.   View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. Add your comment Enter your comment By posting your comment you agree to our house rules. Submit Comment Clear Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual.   No Yes Close Do you want to automatically post your MailOnline comments to your Facebook Timeline? Your comment will be posted to MailOnline as usual We will automatically post your comment and a link to the news story to your Facebook timeline at the same time it is posted on MailOnline. To do this we will link your MailOnline account with your Facebook account. We’ll ask you to confirm this for your first post to Facebook. You can choose on each post whether you would like it to be posted to Facebook. Your details from Facebook will be used to provide you with tailored content, marketing and ads in line with our Privacy Policy. More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, nine months after divorcing from her husband Tying the knot Having her for dinner! David Foster, 67, seen 'grabbing and kissing' Katharine McPhee, 33, while eating out at posh restaurant in Malibu He is a grandfather-of-seven  Good enough to eat! Johnny Manziel takes a bite out of fiancee Bre Tiesi's peachy posterior in vacation snap 'I'm addicted to you' the 26-year-old wrote  Bling it on! A smiling Emily VanCamp shows off her engagement ring on the red carpet... just days after longtime boyfriend Josh Bowman proposed McKayla Maroney proudly takes credit for posting a racy video that sees her dancing in a THONG after fans thought the Instagram footage was hacked Ma-NO-los! Megyn Kelly puts on a brave smile despite wearing painful-looking $785 silver stilettos in first appearance with NBC colleagues 'Men are designed to spread their seed': Goldie Hawn reveals how she has 'forgiven' overattentive men throughout her Hollywood career PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Taylor Swift heads home to Nashville to see her mom after retreating from spotlight in wake of feuds and break-ups  Hasn't been seen for a while 'I've been hiding myself': US women's soccer star Lauren Holiday shares first bandaged-up selfie after surgery to remove brain tumor discovered during her pregnancy Pippa's $130,000 crystal palace: Kate's little sister has a HUGE 140ft-long glass marquee shipped in from Belgium ready for her wedding  Bill Cosby says racism could be to blame for his sexual assault lawsuits as he gives his first interview on the allegations in two years Speaking out What a sweetheart! Ben Affleck and daughter Seraphina indulge in some after school ice cream  Enjoyed some father-daughter time Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten and bound by masked robbers at his home 'None of the women wanted anything to do with her': Andy Cohen says Phaedra Parks lost support from RHOA co-stars after 'date rape' rumor 'She's disgusted and concerned': Zoe Kravitz says mom Lisa Bonet 'didn't seem incredibly surprised' about Bill Cosby rape scandal Played Denise Huxtable  'I went to work with my dad': Miley Cyrus blames raunchy twerking phase on spending her teen years shooting Hannah Montana with father Billy Ray Sweet tooth! Scott Disick takes his children Mason and Penelope out for frozen yogurt in Calabasas He wore sunglasses and a gold necklace The first couple of Gotham! Morena Baccarin turns heads in see-through gown as she cuddles up to fiance Ben McKenzie at Fox Upfront event 'Beautiful, amazing thing': Adam Levine talks babies with Jesse Larson on The Voice after pregnancy reveal The 38-year-old singer talked babies  Bombs away! Charlie Hunnam touches down in Brazil for King Arthur premiere as mega budget movie fizzles at box office On the red carpet Anna Kendrick rocks skinny jeans and white jacket as she wheels her luggage through LAX after Mexican vacation with Pitch Perfect co-stars 'I feel guilty': Dieter Khloe Kardashian ashamed for taking a bite of Kim's pizza...but her older sister is unfazed as she also indulges in ice cream 'I was not a good example': Elle Macpherson urges Rosie Huntington-Whiteley to lose post-baby weight slowly after shedding hers in just THREE WEEKS Wigging out! Jamie Chung debuts blonde locks as she joins curly-haired Rumer Willis at the Fox Upfronts in New York The pair hugged A 'Complicated' conspiracy! Absurd theory that singer Avril Lavigne is DEAD and has been replaced by a body-double sweeps the internet Khloe Kardashian's ex-James Harden is sued for allegedly masterminding a plan to assault and rob the son of NBA Hall of Famer Moses Malone at a strip club  Nothing Rotten about it! Sex Pistols legend John Lydon looks in high spirits in patriotic gear as he steps out in Malibu The 61-year-old London native  EXCLUSIVE: How Cary Grant was 'insecure,' sabotaged his five marriages, and took LSD to cope after learning his missing mom was in asylum Crown Princess Mary stuns in a very affordable $80 floral skirt from H&M as she presents speech at the Copenhagen Fashion Summit Priyanka Chopra will return for third and final season of Quantico as ABC renews it for 13 episodes It was previously-unclear as to whether it would return Promoting her Empire! Taraji P Henson sizzles in a mini-dress as she hits the carpet at the Fox Upfronts in New York City A leggy display 'He likes that we are tough enough to beat the boys': Sylvester Stallone's daughters reveal their actor dad drilled them in push ups and running from the age of four 'I love you!' Ashley Graham cannot hide her delight as she is surprised by modelling icon Kathy Ireland at her book signing At a Barnes & Noble Giving an arm and a leg! David Duchovny sports sling as X-Files co-star Gillian Anderson hobbles on crutches at Webby Awards in NYC The pair each showed off injuries Living the model life: Christie Brinkley lists her sprawling 20-acre estate in the Hamptons for a cool $29.5million It's been her home for almost 20 years  Western Walk This Way! New US ambassador to Israel randomly bumps into Aerosmith singer Steven Tyler while touring the old city of Jerusalem American Gods airs most explicit gay sex scene in TV history between two Muslim male characters Smashed some boundaries Sunday  Blake Lively reunites with Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants co-stars... as it's revealed she's set to play disgraced MMA fighter in new drama Slim Gal Gadot shows off her postbaby body in a plunging dress as she joins Chris Pine at Wonder Woman premiere in Shanghai Donned a slinky cobalt blue gown Thirsty work! Vanessa Hudgens oozes boho vibes as she slurps on an ice coffee during shopping outing Stepped out for coffee in West Hollywood  At least she kept her top on! Kim Zolciak poses in bikini for jet ski ride...after going topless for vow renewal ceremony in Turks and Caicos Leggy look! Lady Gaga highlights her curves in tight color-block mini dress after day of filming A Star Is Born The Poker Face hitmaker was in the Big Apple She blue them away! Jenna Dewan Tatum stuns in figure-hugging navy dress as she stars at NBC Upfront event She stunned on the red carpet Penelope Cruz goes hell for leather as she sports long platinum wig on set of American Crime Story for her Donatella Versace role The 43-year-old actress No Blindspots! Jaimie Alexander squeezes her fabulous figure into skintight dress for TV network junket She slipped into a slinky dress  And the bride wore... nothing! Kim Zolciak strips down wedding gown to pose topless in  sea after renewing vows on beach with husband Kroy Biermann  Country music legend Loretta Lynn, 85, has begun rehabilitation after suffering stroke She had a stroke more than a week ago and is now starting recovery 'Note to self - a bride's train is NOT a real train': Pippa's top tips for wedding planning, as told to CRAIG BROWN  Her big day is fast approaching 'Hardly exaggerating when I say you saved my life these past few weeks': Actress Lena Dunham praises Australian music newbie Amy Shark A pip off the old block: Gwyneth Paltrow's daughter apple turns 13 - and doesn't she look like mum!  She posted a picture to her Instagram account Zac Efron to star as notorious serial rapist and killer Ted Bundy in drama Extremely Wicked, Shockingly Evil and Vile Former High School musical star  Singer Elle King reveals she married in secret last year BUT is now getting a divorce from 'best friend' The Ex's & Oh's hitmaker  'Heartbreaking given the circumstances': Documentary reveals Heath Ledger was working on directorial debut about chess prodigy who develops reliance on drugs Looking haute! Lara Bingle STUNS in black couture dress at Dior perfume event in France...after flaunting her amazing post baby body SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: Is Ray Winstone suffering from a delusion? Tough guy actor thinks Brad Pitt would play him in a film about his life because 'he looks a bit like me' 'He would definitely need to be supervised': Stephen Belafonte's ex won't let him see their 12-year-old daughter alone after Melanie B alleged he had been violent towards her DWTS duo Peta Murgatroyd and Maksim Chmerkovskiy will have baby Shai Aleksander involved in summer wedding ceremony Set to wed Back on the case! Injured David Duchovny wears a sling as he reunites with X-Files castmate Gillian Anderson Return to their iconic roles as FBI agents Getting comfortable! Kim Kardashian swaps sexy superhero catsuit for cosy sweats as she steps out in New York Her straight, raven black locks were parted in the center Howe embarrassing! Playboy model Carla goes braless under extremely tight dress... and reveals slightly more than she intended to with wardrobe mishap My new joint with Bae': James Packer's ex Tziporah Malkah moves into beachfront property with her mystery lover after declaring her six-year sex drought is over Beverly Hills emergency! Lisa Vanderpump's restaurant Villa Blanca is evacuated due to fire scare Due to a faulty pizza oven Soaking up the sun! Priyanka Chopra relaxes in skimpy tie-dye bikini after attending world premiere of Baywatch in Miami Showing off her bikini body Mom's the word! Angelina Jolie enjoys a low key Mother's Day with her children as they walk their dog Actress enjoyed sunshine with kids SEBASTIAN SHAKESPEARE: James Bond director Sam Mendes swaps stunts for nappies as he is prepares to become a father for the second time Double the fun! Madonna shares photo of twins Esther and Stella in matching polka-dot bathing suits Her four-year-old twins donned water wings 'I love you with all my heart': Bella Thorne wishes older sister Dani a Happy Mother's Day They are more than just sisters, they are best friends Angry conservatives call for boycott of ABC after network cancels highly rated sitcom Last Man Standing starring pro-Trump actor Tim Allen She's a wild one! Charlize Theron sports zebra printed top with skinny jeans for grocery store run The Oscar winner highlighted her long legs Chris Rock lists historic Brooklyn carriage house built in 1901 for sale at $3.85M The three bedroom, three bathroom residence  Michael Caine and British TV presenter Denise Welch strike up unlikely friendship as the pair enjoy a fun evening dining with loved ones at The Ivy 'I didn't get to hang out with my friends': Lewis Hamilton slams the racing industry for 'robbing' him of his life... after making a whopping $169M from the sport 'I can't do this forever!': Kylie Jenner hints at retiring from the spotlight as she shows off blonde hair in new extended trailer for Life Of Kylie Rivalry between Anna Wintour and former Vanity Fair editor Tina Brown will be laid bare in new scripted series by Bravo Bravo announced All That Glitters on Monday Edie Falco stars in bloody first look at Law & Order True Crime: The Menendez Murders NBC's L&O spinoff will take a fresh look at brothers Lyle and Erik Menendez  'It was f***ed...all of it': Lorde reveals what is was like skyrocketing to fame at just 16 and says the whole experience was 'insane' She is now 20 Sporty chic! Kourtney Kardashian flashes her toned tummy in gym gear and hoodie in Beverly Hills She is a busy mother-of-three  Runs in the family! Samantha Bond, 55, looks chic in black blazer as she enjoys theater trip with her lookalike actress daughter Molly, 25 Miss Moneypenny Nicole Scherzinger 'will return to the X Factor for another year'... and pop diva Mariah Carey could still be a judge The 14th series of the UK show The coolest kid in town: Fergie takes her son Axl to the Ice Cream Museum on Mother's Day The 42-year-old pop singer 'Thank you for giving me freedom to express myself': Tess Holliday posts throwback photo with her mom while offering compassion for anyone who finds Mother's Day painful Straight Outta Compton star who portrayed Suge Knight arrested in Miami in battery of resort security guard Refused to take his foot off a table Here comes the A-list bridesmaid! Margot Robbie wears ethereal frock and flowers in her hair for best friend's wedding in Hawaii She looked stunning Catch of the day! Power Ranger's star Ludi Lin joins cast of DC's Aquaman opposite Jason Mamoa His fame is quickly rising as he starred as the Black Ranger  Popular star Leslie Grossman joins American Horror Story for season seven as creator Ryan Murphy gushes about 'funny and talented' actress They've got the blues! After stars like Priyanka Chopra and Brie Larson stun in blue eye make-up, FEMAIL details five ways YOU can try the vibrant trend 'Pets are NOT children!' Oprah Winfrey prompts outrage on with Mother's Day post implying special day is for parents of 'fur children' as well 'Of course there is controversy!' 13 Reasons Why star Katherine Langford insists the mission of the show was to 'instigate discussion'  The Crown's Claire Foy 'is favorite to play Lisbeth Salander in reboot of The Girl With The Dragon Tattoo series'  Star of popular Netflix series Western vibes! Miley Cyrus highlights her slim frame in skinny jeans with a T-shirt and fedora while promoting new Malibu single Set to perform at the Billboard Music Awards The look of love: Bobby Cannavale and Rose Byrne gaze adoringly at each other during sweet family outing in the Big Apple  Took son Rocco out for a walk  'I need a banger!' Spencer Pratt reveals plans for a 'flashy' name for his and Heidi Montage's baby... and why he will never let his son watch The Hills All by myself! Caitlyn Jenner cuts a lonely figure in Malibu after being left out of Mother's Day tributes from Kris, Kim, Khloe, Kourtney and Kylie It's over! Bachelor couple Ben Higgins and Lauren Bushnell end their engagement  Got engaged last year, and announced their breakup on Monday 'You can all suck my d***!' Mo'Nique melts down on stage as she calls out Lee Daniels, Tyler Perry and Oprah Winfrey for her Hollywood 'shut out' 'I'm not suicidal': Brad Pitt opens up about moving on from Angelina Jolie... and figuring out his new family life Hunky actor is talking... Inside Lara Bingle's $2,248 per night luxury retreat at the sprawling 22-acre Hotel du Cap-Eden-Roc  Married to Avatar's Sam Worthington 'Waxworks or real?' Kim and Khloe Kardashian are living dolls as they pose together in plunging outfits The famous sisters Terry Richardson shares sexy photo of his partner Skinny in a lace thong on a TRACTOR - followed by a clothed image of her with their twins for Mother's Day So pretty in pink! Adam Levine and Behati Prinsloo dress Dusty Rose in an outfit to match her name as they visit friends on Mother's Day 'It's a disaster': Guy Ritchie's 'plans for King Arthur franchise are dead' after the epic flops at the US box office on its opening weekend Released in the US on Friday Antonio Cromartie's wife is pregnant AGAIN and is set to give birth to the football star's 13th child despite having undergone a VASECTOMY Why the rush? Monochrome Natalie Imbruglia arrives in Dublin sporting on-trend mismatched earrings as she hurries to her concert 'This was a long time coming': Today's Hoda Kotb gushes about her first Mother's Day as new mom to three-month-old daughter Haley Lily-Rose Depp swaps her usual glamour for a simple grey jumper and sports trainers as she arrives in France ahead of the 70th Cannes Film Festival Reunited! La La and Carmelo Anthony keep their heads down as they take son out for frozen yogurt in NYC after scandal ended their marriage Upstaging the bride! Jessica Simpson lets her cleavage do the talking as she takes husband to friend's wedding in Palm Springs Sexy look for nuptials Let your shirt do the talking! Ditch your plain white tees in favor of slogan t-shirts that make a statement - as seen on Beyoncé and Karlie Kloss 'Everything happened for the right reason': Miley Cyrus reflects on what went wrong with Liam Hemsworth the first time Things seem good now Alex Rodriguez skips Derek Jeter's jersey retirement ceremony at Yankee Stadium to go out for a dinner date with girlfriend Jennifer Lopez David Hasselhoff's daughter Hayley arrested for DUI 'after PASSING OUT behind the wheel on Los Angeles freeway' Driving white Mercedes  PICTURED: Zoe Ball picks up a coffee as she is seen for the first time since boyfriend Billy Yates was found hanged at his home Ex wife of DJ Fatboy Slim Lady Gaga revives her unique fashion sense as she flashes skin in a quirky ruffled jump suit after spending weeks focused on serious new film role  'Can we watch something good?' Jenna Dewan and Channing Tatum's little girl Everly not a fan of Step Up even though her parents fell in love on set of the film  One hot mama! Lara Bingle flaunts slender post-baby body in high-cut swimsuit just six months after giving birth to son Racer Married to actor Sam Worthington Must have been a Hilaria-ous joke: Alec Baldwin and his wife laugh it up during morning stroll in New York City Pair looked very happy Right royal stitch-up: Bafta jury FULL of BBC loyalists is accused of bias after awards snub for The Crown The popular Netflix drama Former NBA player Drew Gooden graduates from the University of Kansas 15 years after he left to play professional basketball He earned his bachelor's degree Barron Trump 'took his entire fifth-grade class from his New York City school on a field trip to the White House where 80 students met the president and first lady' 'When you're playing a character, you can't play it from hate': Lorne Michaels on why he didn't cast Rosie O'Donnell as Steve Bannon Sibling rivalry! Beyonce leads the nominations for the 2017 BET Awards with seven nods... and will vie with sister Solange for Album of the Year Still got it! David Hasselhoff, 64, displays buff figure as he spends day at the beach with fiancée Hayley Roberts, 37... after his daughter is arrested for DUI in LA Pictured: Kylie Jenner's 'boyfriend' Travis Scott in mug shot after being arrested for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct at Arkansas concert Relaxed singer Ellie Goulding keeps comfortable and cool in grungy tracksuit and silver sneakers as she jets home to London  from Barcelona Mandy Moore dazzles in lacy skirt as she leads This Is Us cast at NBC event... and surprises delighted fans in emotional new promo for season two American Idol vet Chris Daughtry 'will join the ABC reboot as a judge'... after claims Katy Perry and Ryan Seacrest may come on board too Excitement buildin Prince William follows in his mother's footsteps by privately spending time at a homeless charity 23 years after visiting with Diana and Harry Thanks a bunch, Mom! Make-up free Dakota Johnson stops to collect flowers on Mother's Day Melanie Griffith 's daughter was spotted at an LA grocery store One big family! Megyn Kelly appears alongside NBC News team at upfront and reveals new show will premiere in June - and go up against '60 Minutes' First look: Penelope Cruz transforms into Donatella with a blonde wig and plenty of make-up on set of Gianni Versace biopic Stunning makeup  'That's what really freaks me out': Bella Hadid reveals she has sleepless nights worrying about when her modelling career will end 'Everything's as if we never said goodbye': Will & Grace make a real song and dance about show reboot in playful teaser released by NBC Went off the air in 2006 All that material and it barely covers her body! Jennifer Lopez flashes cleavage and a lot of leg in satin gown at NBC event after hot A-Rod date Former Paramount Pictures CEO Brad Grey dies of cancer aged 59, leaving behind a wife, three adult children and a toddler son Close to Brad and Jen Wladimir Klitschko spends time with daughter Kaya as he contemplates rematch with Anthony Joshua after boxing defeat... but where's Hayden? 'You almost feel like a war profiteer': SNL cast opens up about Trump administration helping drive show to the highest ratings in 23 years Lily Collins flashes a hint of leg in sheer leggings as she swamps model frame in stylish bomber jacket  Spotted visiting a wax salon in Beverly Hills Piling on the PDAs! Ashley Greene gives fiance Paul Khoury a sweet kiss as she models Swedish braids at LA street market Strolled hand-in-hand  'Never thought I could be this happy': Rob Kardashian shocks fans by posting gushy video for baby mama Blac Chyna after a series of public fights Antonio Sabato Jr's estranged wife Cheryl Marie claims he has a drug addiction... as he launches run for Congress She's talking about him Never-before-seen photograph of 15-year-old David Bowie playing saxophone in his first band is tipped to sell for just $100 as it's unearthed after 55 years Tiffany Trump treats mom Marla Maples to a day of prayer, brunch and golf for Mother's Day Jam packed day for the close-knit pair First photo: Big Bang Theory star Jim Parsons shares image from his wedding to beau of 14 years Todd Spiewak at New York City's Rainbow Room As Elle Fanning shows off scarlet lipstick and mile-long lashes in a new campaign for L'Oréal Paris, we revisit her out-of-the-box beauty looks She's loved! Jessica Biel glows at NBC event in New York City after husband Justin Timberlake shared gushy Instagram post about her 'grace' Elon Musk's ex-wife, the actress Talulah Riley, slams feminist Harry Potter star Emma Watson over her 'confusing' campaign for gender equality Fired Sports Center anchor Sara Walsh opens up about her struggle to get pregnant and how she suffered three miscarriages - including one on air Kate Moss poses TOPLESS alongside a shirtless male model as she shows off items from her first ever jewelery line  Eeye-popping photos Ravishing in red! Nikki Bella stuns in sexy dress as she flashes new diamond engagement ring from fiance John Cena at NBC event Future wishes ex Ciara a happy Mother's Day after her husband Russell Wilson's controversial post Exes have stormy past but seem amicable now A new job! Bethenny Frankel, 46, looks youthful at NBC event as it's announced the RHONY vet will be joining Shark Tank Successful at business  Action man Tom Cruise waves at fans while rehearing high-octane Mission Impossible 6 stunt sequence in Paris Shooting speedboat scenes in French capital Rapper KRS-One apologizes after mistakenly paying tribute to the WRONG Beastie Boy in song about deceased hip-hop stars Hot mama! Kourtney Kardashian posts NUDE snap to Instagram as she celebrates Mother's Day She captioned the shot 'mother nature' 'She is unable to walk or get out of bed because the pain': Olivia Newton-John's said to be battling crippling sciatica... as she 'fears for wayward daughter'  Intergalactic Gigi! Hadid blasts off for futuristic photoshoot... as she opens up about 'nerve-wracking' runway work Modeling causes anxiety 'Time flies!': Ex-Spice Girl Geri Horner shares sweet throwback snap from her wedding day as she and husband Christian celebrate their second anniversary  Howard Stern is back on the air following a bout with the flu just days after fans grew worried when Sirius star took his first day off EVER EXCLUSIVE: Aaron Hernandez's fiancée reveals doubts about his suicide: She says his final note was 'a little odd' and the writing could be 'duplicated' Bumping along! Pregnant Heidi Montag shows off her burgeoning baby belly as she runs errands in Los Angeles Former The Hills star Mix 'n' Match! Justin Timberlake and Jessica Biel rock stylish coats and shades as they head out to brunch in New York City on Mother's Day 'We now have five!' Game Of Thrones creator George R R Martin reveals multiple spin-offs are in development for the mega-successful show 'There's no one stronger, smarter, and more determined': Bristol Palin posts Mother's Day tribute to mom Sarah as she celebrates with family Andy Cohen adds Steve Harvey doorbell to his dressing room to mock comedian's memo telling employees to stop speaking to him at work Johnny Depp to play John McAfee in 'dark comedy' about antivirus software inventor's time hiding from a murder charge in the jungles of Belize 'It's all happening!': Katy Perry announces new album Witness will be released in early June followed by a US tour Also in talks for 'Idol' Sin City, Tombstone and Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D star Powers Boothe dies aged 68 in Los Angeles Married for almost 50 years and had two kids Miss conservative! Nuclear chemist who 'doesn't like to call herself a feminist' and says health care is a 'privilege' is crowned Miss USA That's her boy! Angelina Jolie rocks chic LBD as she spends Mother's Day with 13-year-old son Pax  Spotted at LA's Beauty & Essex restaurant Monica Bellucci, 52, exudes timeless elegance in a plunging jumpsuit as she displays her amazing figure at Nice Airport ahead of the Cannes Film Festival Baby wipes made by Jessica Alba's Honest Company recalled over concerns about mold Actress' company makes move voluntarily out of 'abundance of caution' Playful Heidi Klum wears cute Minnie Mouse ears as she enjoys blissful Mother's Day outing to Disneyland with her children 'You take my breath away': Proud mom Kate Beckinsale posts gushing tribute to lookalike daughter Lily, 18, on her prom night Wore striking red dress Why The Cad is STILL haunted by Princess Diana: As James Hewitt fights for his life after a heart attack and stroke, the author he confided in reveals his secrets Kaya Scodelario wears sequin dress as she joins co-stars Johnny Depp, Orlando Bloom and Javier Bardem in Paris to promote new Pirates of Caribbean film 'We're so in love with you!' Zach and Tori Roloff welcome son Jackson Kyle Little People, Big World couple's baby weighed in at 9lbs 1oz  'We're still friends!' Jenna Dewan confirms she used to date her 'sexy' former boss Justin Timberlake Spilled beans on Watch What Happens Live     DON'T MISS 'I'm a f**ked up, horrible sex addict': Scott Disick admits he has a problem after being branded 'disrespectful' by his ex Kourtney Kardashian Très chic! As Cannes Film Festival kicks off on Wednesday, FEMAIL takes a look back at the most memorable red carpet ensembles from festivals past The $8million necklace nobody wants: New lawsuit in battle over Elizabeth Taylor's 'Taj Mahal' diamond pendant Christie's Auction House accused of botching sale Orlando Bloom's mother denies her son is racist as she admits phoning a gipsy association to apologize after he used offensive word on radio show Two good! Derek Jeter takes the field at Yankee Stadium with his pregnant wife to see his number retired three years after he left the game Their reign is over! Scream Queens with Emma Roberts and Lea Michele has been canceled by Fox The announcement was made on Monday  Kelly Rohrbach ditches her iconic red swimsuit for a chic white bandeau dress as she attends Baywatch photo call in Miami All white on the night Plastic fantastic! Instagram model Pia Muehlenbeck looks nothing like her old modelling photos as she flaunts VERY taut features  'Best Mother's Day EVER'! Friendly exes Gwyneth Paltrow and Chris Martin enjoy a day out at the Museum Of Ice Cream in LA with Apple and Moses  Princess Anne's son-in-law Mike Tindall reveals how he and wife Zara were comforted by their three-year-old daughter as he talks about their miscarriage  Glee's Matthew Morrison reveals wife is very supportive when it comes to shooting sex scenes... as he talks about 'intimate moment' with Cara Delevingne 'Let's honor dad's too!' Drew Barrymore pays tribute to 'awesome' ex Will Kopelman on Mother's Day On good terms with former husband Pink-clad Katy Perry treats her mother Mary to the Museum of Ice Cream... after teasing new single The pop diva wore a baby-pink maxi-skirt Earning his Dad Points! Orlando Bloom reveals going back to Pirates Of The Caribbean franchise gained him some serious kudos with his six-year-old son Flynn Slim Kim Kardashian celebrates Mother's Day with Kris Jenner and grandma Mary Jo Campbell before jetting out of LA with sister Khloe 'You are our strength': Kim Kardashian shares gushing social media tribute to mother Kris Jenner in a series of sentimental Instagram posts on Mother's Day B**** better have my pants: Rihanna wears leotard with leather chap boots which reveal a glimpse of her derriere as she storms stage in Milan James Woods is slammed after posting homophobic tweet about Anderson Cooper rolling his eyes during interview with Kellyanne Conway Bikini face off! Emily Ratajkowski and her mother Kathleen pose side-by-side in two pieces as they hang out by the pool in Mother's Day post Billie Lourd endures first Mother's Day without mom Carrie Fisher as she shares touching snap from her childhood Died in December 'Please be kind to me!' Naked Diet chef Tess Ward pleads with Harry Styles' fans to go easy on her as relationship with pop heartthrob heats up Victoria Beckham flashes a rare smile in perfectly co-ordinated blue ensemble at airport as she labels herself a 'control freak' Full of the joys of spring Jennifer Lopez celebrates Mother's Day with her twins ...before heading out for date night with new beau Alex Rodriguez Ab-flashing Lady Gaga rocks two quirky eye-catching looks as she bonds with sartorially savvy mom Cynthia on Mother's Day in New York 'I am not ashamed of my body': Chloe Lattanzi breaks her silence after trainwreck TV interview... as she is trolled for 'looking like a porn star' 'There is no bigger love that I have ever experienced': Gisele Bundchen posts sweet tribute to her children and her mom for Mother's Day 'My life is too big': Phaedra Parks trash talks Kandi Burruss in RHOA: Secrets Revealed filmed before reported firing Drama on the show Mariah Carey displays her ample cleavage in plunging tuxedo mini dress as she celebrates Mother's Day with her ex Nick Cannon and children in Malibu Back in black! Ariel Winter looks fetching in strapless mini dress after celebrating her six month anniversary with Levi Meaden Alluring Instagram post 'She raised me to be the woman I am today': Ariel Winter pays homage to older sister on Mother's Day after infamous falling out with her mom Mega budget King Arthur flops with $14 million opening as Guardians Of The Galaxy continues to dominate the box office Not as expected Megan Fox dresses down in sweats for a Mother's Day lunch out in Malibu with husband Brian Austin Green and their nine-month-old son Journey 'I marvel at you': Justin Timberlake 'bows down' to Jessica Biel in heartfelt Mother's Day message They have been married since October 2012 WAGS Miami stunner Ashley Nicole Roberts and NFL veteran Philip Wheeler marry in Curacao Wed at sunset in front of 100 loved ones A sheer delight! Pamela Anderson, 49, looks half her age as she models see-through top and tiny shorts after Baywatch premiere in Miami 'She told me I was beautiful when we shaved my head': Shannen Doherty makes emotional Mother's Day post as she recovers from cancer Miss USA co-hosts Ashley Graham and Julianne Hough dazzle the pageant... before Kara McCullough's win Crowned Italian-born Kára McCullough, 25 They're having a baby! Comedian Kevin Hart reveals his wife Eniko Parrish is pregnant with a boy Made the announcement on social media Sunday Is that a French kiss? Amber Rose frolics with Montana in black lacy in a very sexy fishnet one-piece as they hit the beach in Miami Flirting friends Britney Spears cuddles sister Jaime Lynn and mom Lynne in heartwarming throwback snap for Mother's Day Touching post Crown Princess Mary 'BANNED from seeing her best friend' Caroline Fleming because her 'party lifestyle is a bad look for a future queen' 'Told she has to cut ties' Jennifer Lawrence offers up her heart in new poster for upcoming horror film Mother!...which was directed by her older beau Darren Aronofsky Miami heat! Bikini-clad Quantico star Priyanka Chopra spends Mother's Day with friends at the beach after Baywatch premiere Kept herself covered 'It's not too late to sue!' Will Ferrell remembers accidentally punching Ellen DeGeneres in the face during SNL rehearsal Bruising confession Practically perfect in every way! Lin-Manuel Miranda displays his vocal prowess on a bike as he and Emily Blunt resume filming for Mary Poppins sequel  Dark horse: Katy Perry 'set to become new American Idol anchor judge as deal is almost finalized' Been in negotiations as show set for comeback 'I don't have anything to protect myself': 50 Cent's caretaker begs police to hurry in panicked 911 call during raid on Connecticut mansion Undercover lunch! Jay Z sneaks out the back door with pregnant Beyonce and Blue Ivy after treating them to a meal on Mother's Day Low-key lunch 'I'm 50, and I'm working more than ever!': Ageless beauty Salma Hayek sizzles for photo shoot as she says roles are 'richer' now Looked gorgeous  'Feeling blessed': Jessica Alba gushes over Mother's Day party as she celebrates with her two kids and doting husband Cash Celebrated in style I 'would be lucky to be half as magical as you': Kesha pays warm Mother's Day tribute to mother Pebe Sebert Posted an essay detailing her upbringing Flip Or Flop's Tarek El Moussa is seen wakeboarding in Arizona with Christina look-alike after he took a dig at ex on social media Passive aggressive post 'I'm just super anxious': Kim Kardashian testifies against robbers who were 'following' her on KUWTK Was a nervous wreck Brazilian bombshell Izabel Goulart suffers a Marilyn moment in pink mini dress with sexy cut-outs at the waist as she attends premiere in Miami Jaden and Willow Smith enjoy Mother's Day meal at Nobu in Malibu with their mom Jada Pinkett-Smith and grandmother Adrienne Banfield-Jones Shades of gray! Crown Princess Victoria is impeccably co-ordinated in head-to-toe neutrals as she visits Sweden's science academy Stylish mom-of-two is 39 'I was completely broken': Camila Cabello reveals 'dark time' 'full of pain' that led to split from Fifth Harmony as she announces first single Lena Dunham is working out to manage her anxiety and not to look like a sex symbol, says trainer Tracy Anderson Is practicing yoga  Honor thy mother! Jennifer Garner brings her children to church on Mother's Day... a month after divorce filing from Ben Affleck She was beaming Ciara shares sweet video of son Future smelling a rose with Russell Wilson...after quarterback was slammed for Mother's day note No Champagne, Papi! Drake chaperones his cousin and her date at high school prom and hosts afterparty for school friends Caring cousin 'I went to rehab': SNL star Pete Davidson playfully talks receiving treatment... two months after admitting he 'quit drugs' Gave the update on SNL 'Don't be jealous': Chrissy Teigen strips down to her underwear to get a lower back tattoo with a stranger after John Legend danced with a woman Fit for a princess! The Crown's Vanessa Kirby dazzles in ethereal Bardot evening gown at on red carpet in London... amid Tom Cruise romance rumors Clip it low! Christina Milian flaunts bountiful bust in unbuttoned blouse as she goes Mother's Day shopping Looked like she was having a great time Sealed with a kiss! Mustachioed David Hasselhoff, 64, is caught in a passionate embrace with fiancee Hayley Roberts, 37, in Miami Seven years together She's glowing! Pregnant Rosie Huntington-Whiteley nails maternity chic in pretty Bardot dress as she steps out in Malibu Expecting her first child Khloe Kardashian gushes over Australian mother-of-two who has been named as the latest model in her denim line's 'Good Squad' Going strong! Robert Pattinson and FKA Twigs have a laugh as they celebrate his 31st birthday with pals in LA Arrived to join friends at Akasha restaurant 'Everyone should just be who they want to be': Harry Styles reveals he has never labelled his sexuality... and teases friendship with ex Taylor Swift Hands-on mama! Anne Hathaway rings in Mother's Day with son Jonathan and husband Adam Shulman during flea market shopping trip What a relief! Twitter restaurant critic Cat Deeley is happy after Mother's Day meal with son Milo and Patrick Kielty She looked chuffed 'I'm blessed!': Katie Holmes poses alongside daughter Suri for Mother's Day... as rumors continue to swirl she's serious with Jamie Foxx 'The kind of talent that he has': Tom Cruise gushes over working with Russell Crowe in The Mummy before revealing he did his own stunts in ZERO gravity A heartbreaking Mother's Day! RHONJ star Teresa Giudice shares photo of late mom on Mother's Day... as her husband Joe sits in prison The Dark Knight rises to the occasion! Christian Bale celebrates Mother's Day by treating wife Sibi and kids to breakfast in Brentwood 'That's my baby!' Jon Voight wishes formerly estranged daughter Angelina Jolie a happy Mother's Day Oscar-winning father-daughter duo 'Happy Mother's Day to the Queen! The boss!': Khloe Kardashian shares touching note for Kris Jenner after play date with Dream Momager 'The classic tomboy became a mum': Naomi Watts shares childhood photo of herself alongside school snaps of her lookalike sons in Mother's Day post In no mood to smile! Hilaria Baldwin appears to be in gloomy spirits as she strolls in NYC with Alec and their three kids on Mother's Day Family day out 'No-one wants them crossing paths': Exes Nicole Kidman and Tom Cruise face potential reunion with the pair scheduled to be Down Under at same time 'So happy we are back in touch': Elton John, 70, wishes mom Sheila, 92, a Happy Mother's Day after years of estrangement Famously reconciled Love and Hip Hop reality star Tommie Lee is kicked off Delta flight in Atlanta after she 'refused to give up her glass of wine' Headed to Miami  Kylie Jenner's rumored boyfriend Travis Scott is arrested after his Arkansas concert for inciting a riot and disorderly conduct Hauled off the stage  Night out! Alessandra Ambrosio slips on skintight leather bottoms with fringed poncho for dinner with her gal pals at Nobu in Malibu Model behavior! Gigi Hadid flashes toned tummy as she holds hands with boyfriend Zayn Malik before posting sweet Mother's Day tribute 'Always know how grateful I am to be your mom!': Reese Witherspoon shares rare photo with all three of her kids on Mother's Day Nicole Kidman is the picture of elegance in a silver flapper-inspired beaded gown at the opening of plush Bodrum Hotel in Turkey Showstopper 'Happy 13th birthday, you gorgeous human': Gwyneth Paltrow shares sweet message for daughter Apple as she becomes a teenager Praise on Mother's Day  Get me home A$AP! Kendall Jenner comes over all camera shy as she makes a solo exit after partying with her rapper beau Rocky at a birthday bash in LA 'They're EXCLUSIVE': Inseparable Kylie Jenner and Travis Scott 'seal the deal after she visits his family in Houston following whirlwind romance' Now Gwyneth Paltrow's site claims CUCUMBERS are dangerous: Goop faces backlash from nutritionists for claiming lectin causes dementia  Thandie Newton stuns in floor-length sequined lilac gown at the BAFTA TV Awards The 44-year-old sizzled as she attended the awards ceremony Cuba Gooding Jr mocks the Oscars mix-up when he announces Moonlight as a TV BAFTA winner... before handing the gong to Phoebe Waller-Bridge Leonardo DiCaprio spotted chatting with a mystery woman as he spends afternoon in Malibu without his supermodel girlfriend Nina Agdal Jaclyn Smith, 71, looks incredibly youthful as she hits charity event celebrating her late Charlie's Angels co-star Farrah Fawcett The 1970s sex symbol Walking Dead star Christian Serratos announces on Instagram she has given birth to her first child with boyfriend David Boyd Happy Mother's Day from Hollywood! Cindy Crawford kicks off celebrity tributes Cindy Crawford, 51, was one of the first, who shared an image  'Nobody wears pairs anymore - it's SO old fashioned': Kate Moss says matching earrings are 'uncool' Unconventional fashion fad 'So excited to celebrate my first Mother's Day!': Pregnant Heidi Pratt posts photo of her baby bump as she's now 18 weeks along NY Yankee baseball player Derek Jeter enjoys date night with pregnant wife Hannah Davis as he readies to retire his famous jersey  Special weekend  Liam Payne posts sweet Mother's Day message to Cheryl and his own mum... after admitting he needed convincing about naming his son Bear  'It's getting painful to watch rape so frequently': Joseph Fiennes and Elisabeth Moss shock viewers with controversial scene in The Handmaid's Tale Get knotted: Game of Thrones actress Emilia Clarke flashes a hint of her abs in tied-up shirt and white jeans as she heads to the cinema with a pal  Switcheroo! This Is Us will be moving from Tuesdays to Thursdays as NBC unveils its autumn schedule Sophomore season begins in the fall Fab in florals! Michelle Williams looks radiant in ornate cocktail dress at Louis Vuitton Resort 2018 show in Miho Museum in Japan Elaborately designed 'The greatest accomplishment of my life': Madonna posts stunning close-up photo of daughter Lourdes while praising her six kids See inside the $15k-a-night, 700-year-old luxury VILLAGE that the Obamas are staying in as they continue their all-expenses-paid world tour  That's not very regal! The Crown star Claire Foy goes braless in dramatic dress as she competes for Best Actress prize at TV BAFTAs 2017 A big snub! Kris Jenner leaves ex Caitlyn OUT of her two Mother's Day tributes as she shares photo with her first husband instead Posted pic of Robert 'My Stormtrooper look': Gillian Anderson arrives at the TV BAFTAs on crutches in a floral gown after posting a picture of her foot in a cast The actress, 48, shone  Katy Perry SPITS OUT cherry pie she's fed on the Wango Tango red carpet ...but rewards herself with cake after sexy performance  Zooey Deschanel's TV show New Girl 'will be picked up for its seventh and final season' The show also stars Hannah Simone and Jake Johnson Engaged and pregnant! NFL star Robert Griffin III and girlfriend Grete Sadeiko break the news on Instagram as she flashes diamond ring Great news  Better luck next time! Model Nina Agdal cancels trip to Australia for Mercedes Benz Fashion Week due to issues with her working visa Flashing her tummy! Clint Eastwood's daughter Francesca wears crop top to hit disco-themed birthday party in West Hollywood Studio 54 theme 'I love you!': Heidi Klum, 43, shares rare flashback photo with her mom Erna on Mother's Day... and they look nearly identical Black-and-white photo  'Raising our kids': Russell Wilson posts sweet Mother's Day message to wife Ciara... but his choice of words causes controversy Are they the new One Direction? Boy band PRETTYMUCH leave Simon Cowell's Beverley Hills mansion following rumors they have been signed by the mogul Will the real CJ please stand up? Blonde bombshells Kelly Rohrbach and Pamela Anderson sizzle in sexy dresses at star-studded Baywatch premiere  Lady Louise Windsor, 13, looks every inch the young royal as she takes the reins (and she is growing more like mother Sophie every day) Payne in the neck! Liam 'christens' Niall Horan with bling by putting his favorite gold chain around pals neck after 1D boys poke fun at his jewelery choices Split! Fargo actress Mary Elizabeth Winstead announces she has separated from husband Riley Sterns after seven years of marriage Sad news  Jessica Gomes, 32, discusses her sex scene with Bruce Willis, 62... as she reveals her real-life romance with Xavier Samuel is getting serious Barry Manilow, 73, cancels two concerts on doctor's orders because of 'sprained vocal chords' 73-year-old singing legend Saturday Night Lively! Ryan Reynolds and wife Blake make surprise appearance on SNL... as host Melissa McCarthy gets her Five Timer jacket Relaxed Ellie Goulding indulges in a few glasses of champagne as she enjoys an al fresco lunch with friends in London Looked radiant  'I wear sunglasses and bucket loads of concealer because I'm up all night with the children': Victoria Beckham wears lip print line in Hong Kong Sequined sirens! Alexandra Daddario and Priyanka Chopra sizzle in shimmering dresses at Baywatch beachside premiere No swimsuits in sight David Beckham denies he is 'set to splash out $10 million on private island in the Caribbean to mark 20th anniversary of meeting wife Victoria' Crikey! The Irwin family swap khaki for glamour as they attend Beverly Hills Gala Dinner in honour of the late Crocodile Hunter Admirably continued Real housewife, great mom! Lisa Rinna attends Cindy Crawford's Best Buddies Mother's Day Malibu Brunch with daughters Delilah and Amelia Lady Louise Windsor, 13, follows in the footsteps of her grandfather Prince Philip as they both drive carriages at the Royal Windsor Horse Show Tess-ting the waters? Naked Diet chef Ward is seen leaving Harry Styles' secret gig in London... as rumors of their new romance continue to swirl Dream in tangerine: Sofia Richie showcases casual style in oversize orange hoodie while out in Hollywood Stepped out for a low-key outing with pals 'I wish I'd known': Harry Styles admits he was unaware of former bandmate Zayn Malik's eating disorder and regrets not being able to help him Beautiful in blue! Freida Pinto is elegant in dark navy midi gown as she attends LGBT charity event in LA Actress looked stunning in a navy  Spanx for the memories: Leggy Katherine Jenkins reveals a little too much in her dress following final performance of Carousel A real highlight: Katy Perry stands out in eye-catching yellow dress as she leads star-studded lineup at Wango Tango in LA Ready for summer 'I ate a T-bone steak every night!': Kelly Rohrbach did NOT DIET but instead loaded up on protein due to intense workouts for Baywatch The 27-year-old beauty  Today's headlines Most Read You picked on the wrong kid! High school bully is body slammed and pummeled by his classmate after throwing... Get it together! Top Republicans tell the White House to stop its 'downward spiral' as they demand a 'full... Bill Cosby says racism could be to blame for his sexual assault lawsuits as he gives his first interview on... Has Pirates been pirated? Hackers threaten to release stolen upcoming Disney blockbuster unless studio pays... Three 'burglars' are killed after crashing their car into a pond during a high-speed police chase after... University of Miami theater student, 22, dies in an Everglades airboat crash just one day after graduating... White and black female travel companions accuse American Airlines of racism after African American woman is... United changes its secret cockpit-door access codes after they were accidentally leaked online Man, 36, 'drenched in blood walks into a grocery store carrying his mother's severed HEAD on Mother's Day... Latin Kings gang member is sentenced to 49 years after stabbing beating his transgender girlfriend to death... Teacher resigns after penning a letter to the school paper quoting a Bible verse saying gay people 'deserve... Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, nine months after divorcing from her... Wife 'hired a hitman who shot her husband dead for a $900K life insurance policy after her plot to poison... Ruth Madoff's new life in a tiny New England community after losing $80m worth of mansions, jewelry, cars... Horrifying security footage shows the moment a private jet carrying two people crashed and exploded into... How simply looking at pictures can make you feel itchy, cold, tired or dizzy: If you don't believe us try... 'You hesitate, you die': Oklahoma cop says her police training was running through her mind as she shot dead... Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten with a... What will the world be like in a BILLION years? Experts predict raceless humans speaking a new language will... 'Earth 2.0' COULD be habitable: Climate model suggests Proxima B is likely to have perfect conditions to... Live TV broadcast unwittingly shows the moment police shoot dead a fleeing suspect after he appears to point... Researchers discover how ladybugs fold their wings and say the intricate mechanism could revolutionize... The mysterious flashes of light even NASA can't explain: Satellite captures strange glints coming from Earth How did he survive? Horrifying footage emerges of the moment a Navy trainee was sucked into the engine of a... Ohio police officer nearly dies after accidentally overdosing on fentanyl during drug-related traffic stop Rivalry between Anna Wintour and former Vanity Fair editor Tina Brown will be laid bare in new scripted... 'Men are designed to spread their seed': Goldie Hawn reveals how she has 'forgiven' overattentive men... Award-winning crime reporter Javier Valdez is gunned down in Mexico's violent Sinaloa state as wave of... Assad's murder machine: Syria has executed thousands of prisoners - mostly civilians opposed to the... MORE HEADLINES Thailand threatens to prosecute Facebook for running a video of the country's heavily tattooed king walking through a shopping mall in a tiny yellow crop-top  Real Housewives of New Jersey star Dina Manzo and her millionaire car dealer boyfriend are beaten with a baseball bat and bound by masked robbers at his home Retired soccer star Abby Wambach marries Christian mommy blogger, nine months after divorcing from her husband National Security Advisor McMaster DENIES Trump leaked ‘highly classified’ information to the Russians about ISIS laptop threat during Oval Office meeting – the day after he fired FBI director Comey Student left with horrific scars after trying to remove tattoo by PEELING ink from her skin in laser-free method that left her in 'torturous pain' Ruth Madoff's new life in a tiny New England community after losing $80m worth of mansions, jewelry, cars and art and both her sons following her husband’s $65bn Ponzi scheme  'I need to take a shower': What President's counselor said after she had finished defending Trump, according to Morning Joe hosts who claim she secretly hates her boss and is just after the money  Jilted boyfriend gang-rapes ex-girlfriend with six other men then drives a car over her head to stop her being identified before leaving her for dogs to eat in India  EXCLUSIVE: How Hollywood's greatest leading man Cary Grant was 'insecure,' sabotaged his five marriages, and relied on 100 experimental LSD trips to cope after learning that his missing mother was in an insane asylum It pays to know the First Kid: Barron Trump 'took his entire fifth-grade class from his New York City school on a field trip to the White House where 80 students met the president and first lady' Assad's murder machine: Syria has executed thousands of prisoners - mostly civilians opposed to the government - and burned the dead bodies in a giant crematorium, US administration claims Mysterious sea creature that washed up on an Indonesian beach was a decomposing baleen whale, scientists reveal  Former Paramount Pictures CEO Brad Grey dies of cancer aged 59, leaving behind a wife, three adult children and a toddler son Man, 36, 'drenched in blood walks into a grocery store carrying his mother's severed HEAD on Mother's Day before stabbing an employee' Outraged conservatives on social media call for boycott of ABC after TV network cancels highly rated sitcom Last Man Standing starring pro-Trump actor Tim Allen Putin tells the West to ‘stop intimidating NORTH KOREA’: Astonishing comment just hours after Kim Jong-un launches ‘nuclear-capable’ missile  Tiffany Trump treats mom Marla Maples to a day of prayer, brunch and golf for Mother's Day North Korean hacking group is thought to be behind cyber attack which wreaked havoc across the globe You picked on the wrong kid! High school bully is body slammed and pummeled by his classmate after throwing the first punch British backpacker, 26, accidentally hanged herself in a Thai apartment to 'frighten' her boyfriend after a 'silly row', inquest told University of Miami theater student, 22, dies in an Everglades airboat crash just one day after graduating top of her class Heart-breaking moment a whimpering toddler is pulled from a scorching hot car over an hour after her father was shot dead in front of her, as homicide rates in Baltimore reach 'crisis point' The end of the Old West in color: Stunning images show people still traveling by horse and cart, water pulled from old wells and families enjoying county fairs as the 20th Century took grip Model home! Christie Brinkley lists her sprawling 20-acre estate in the Hamptons for a cool $29.5million Antonio Cromartie's wife is pregnant AGAIN and is set to give birth to the football star's 13th child despite having undergone a VASECTOMY Ohio police officer nearly dies after accidentally overdosing on fentanyl during drug-related traffic stop One big family! Megyn Kelly appears alongside NBC News team at upfront and reveals new show will premiere in June - and go up against '60 Minutes' 'This is the great negotiator?' Donald cheerleader Ann Coulter admits she's frightened that the Trump-haters were right after his 'joke' budget - and says his hiring Ivanka and Jared Kushner was 'fascist' White and black female travel companions accuse American Airlines of racism after African American woman is downgraded from first class while her friend was allowed to stay MOST READ IN DETAIL Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product Wal-Mart’s first quarter net income expected to dip despite slightly higher revenue Arkansas 4Q GDP growth in 2016 only 0.5%, full-year GDP sees major downward revision Iowa food company acquires Decatur-based Crystal Lake Farms for $3.5 million Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 Arkansas Bar Association to discuss potential constitutional amendment on justice system, ethics, vetoes and legislative power Reshoring groups says ‘tide has turned,’ more manufacturing jobs returning than leaving U.S. Talk Business & Politics, KATV renew multi-year television partnership Gov. Asa Hutchinson and other national lawmakers petition federal government for flood-related agricultural aid Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product Wal-Mart sued for discriminating against pregnant workers, retailer denies claims Iowa food company acquires Decatur-based Crystal Lake Farms for $3.5 million Video / Podcasts These ‘Mom-Senators’ worked for women’s issues in the recent session Sen. Boozman: ‘Content’ that Intelligence Committees can handle Trump investigation in wake of Comey firing TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics TB&P Daily: John Brummett on French elections, the Trump factor, state and federal healthcare and judicial impeachment Governor says healthcare needs more personal responsibility; clemency request to be reviewed this week Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas trucking companies will have a better fleet registration system by Jan. 1 J.B. Hunt announces promotion of Shelley Simpson ATRI report says truck drivers sacrifice an hour of driving time for parking The Supply Side: Omnichannel success takes more than online shopping Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Fast 15: Brandon Wall Profiles by Jeff Della Rosa (JDellaRosa@nwabj.com) 14 hours ago 186 views  Tags: best-in-class fast-15 0 SHARES Share Tweet A fourth-grade assignment sparked Brandon Wall’s interest in design and led him into a career in construction. The assignment was to draw the floor plan and elevations of his house, and his love for design quickly developed. “While kids were out at recess, I was inside drawing with a ruler and mechanical pencil,” he said. His fourth-grade teacher, Janice Price at Bellview Elementary School in Rogers, was “one of the most influential adults in my childhood, and the greatest teacher I had through school,” he said. “I didn’t quite realize until today how much good has come out of that class assignment.” While he was a teenager, Wall studied architectural design at NorthWest Arkansas Community College and worked for Harrison French & Associates for about two years, completing construction documents for Wal-Mart Stores and Sam’s Club. He was HFA’s youngest employee at the time — “hadn’t even graduated from high school yet,” Wall said. In 2006, he not only graduated from high school, but he also earned an associate degree with an emphasis in architectural design and became an Eagle Scout. Wall also was interested in construction, and in the summer, he would work on framing houses for a residential builder and found a lot of satisfaction in it. In 2013, he earned a bachelor’s degree in construction management from Brigham Young University. After graduating, he moved to Las Vegas to work for Burke Construction Group. As an assistant project manager, he oversaw more than $7 million in commercial construction projects. He worked there for more than two years before joining Nabholz as project engineer in early 2016. In February, he was promoted to assistant project manager and is part of the team overseeing the $167 million project to build Arkansas Children’s Northwest in Springdale. Wall earned the company’s first remote pilot certification from the Federal Aviation Administration. This allowed him to operate drones for jobsite construction updates, which would previously require an airplane to achieve similar results. Other technology he’s implemented includes the use of Google Cardboard and 360-degree cameras. Wall is a member of the Centerton Planning Commission and elders quorum president for The Church of Jesus Christ of Latter-day Saints. He enjoys old hit-and-miss engines, hobby farming and canoe building. Comments comments Previous post Fast 15: Steve Sparks Next post Fast 15 recognizes up-and-comers who’ve enjoyed success at a young age Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws Robert Coon In defense of Goldilocks Todd Turner Deceptive Trade Practices Act changes will harm Arkansas consumers Megan Hargraves Changes to Deceptive Trade Practices Act will make Arkansas more business-friendly Micah Whitfield Reviewing the ‘bargain branding’ rules Latest Popular Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 5 hours ago The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product 6 hours ago Wal-Mart’s first quarter net income expected to dip despite slightly higher revenue 8 hours ago Arkansas 4Q GDP growth in 2016 only 0.5%, full-year GDP sees major downward revision 8 hours ago Wal-Mart sued for discriminating against pregnant workers, retailer denies claims 9 hours ago Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws 1,803 views XNA responds to passenger growth with $35 million parking deck 1,693 views Fort Smith city boss refuses to provide reason for sanitation director’s termination 1,575 views Fort Smith sanitation director fired by city administrator 1,517 views Fort Smith costs to dispose of recycling at landfill continue to climb, new estimate above $680,000 1,389 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product Wal-Mart’s first quarter net income expected to dip despite slightly higher revenue Arkansas 4Q GDP growth in 2016 only 0.5%, full-year GDP sees major downward revision Iowa food company acquires Decatur-based Crystal Lake Farms for $3.5 million Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 Arkansas Bar Association to discuss potential constitutional amendment on justice system, ethics, vetoes and legislative power Reshoring groups says ‘tide has turned,’ more manufacturing jobs returning than leaving U.S. Talk Business & Politics, KATV renew multi-year television partnership Gov. Asa Hutchinson and other national lawmakers petition federal government for flood-related agricultural aid Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product Wal-Mart sued for discriminating against pregnant workers, retailer denies claims Iowa food company acquires Decatur-based Crystal Lake Farms for $3.5 million Video / Podcasts These ‘Mom-Senators’ worked for women’s issues in the recent session Sen. Boozman: ‘Content’ that Intelligence Committees can handle Trump investigation in wake of Comey firing TB&P Daily: Robert Coon and Jessica DeLoach Sabin discuss healthcare politics TB&P Daily: John Brummett on French elections, the Trump factor, state and federal healthcare and judicial impeachment Governor says healthcare needs more personal responsibility; clemency request to be reviewed this week Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Arkansas trucking companies will have a better fleet registration system by Jan. 1 J.B. Hunt announces promotion of Shelley Simpson ATRI report says truck drivers sacrifice an hour of driving time for parking The Supply Side: Omnichannel success takes more than online shopping Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Fast 15: Rebecca Kingree Profiles by Paul Gatling (pgatling@nwabj.com) 14 hours ago 119 views  Tags: best-in-class fast-15 0 SHARES Share Tweet Before she started at DaySpring Cards, Rebecca Kingree was looking for a place to better integrate her faith and work, and the Christian greeting card company was “founded on some really strong values,” she said. “That really spoke to me at the time.” In 2013, she started at DaySpring, a subsidiary of Hallmark, and has since been promoted twice. She started in product development and helped drive the growth of a seasonal card program, which grossed $10.2 million in top-line revenue. She planned and pitched a product line that was placed in Wal-Mart stores, leading to a $3 million opportunity for the company. She also helped the company save 20% in its journal costs. In summer 2016, the Maryland Heights, Mo., native moved to the supply chain team as program implementation manager. In March, she became a certified supply chain professional. Kingree also leads the company’s sales and operations planning, which allows the company to make more informed decisions. “Right now, I’m very happy where I am,” said the married mother of two. In December, her daughter, Sally, was born, and she was on leave with her baby through February. She also has a 2-year-old son, Mack. Before DaySpring, she worked in marketing for PMMI: the Association for Packaging and Processing Technologies, a manufacturing trade organization. Previously, she worked in politics for about three years, handling communications for U.S. senators and representatives and the Missouri Secretary of State. “Working in [Washington,] D.C., is an incredibly unique experience,” Kingree said. Not only did she meet the man she would marry, but she also learned how things work and how best to do them. “Work and how you get things done is all about relationships. Politics is all about relationships.” She also learned she didn’t want to work in politics the rest of her life. She said it was very draining, and oftentimes the work “feels like you are spinning your wheels.” In 2011, she earned a bachelor’s degree in journalism from the University of Missouri. She co-leads DaySpring’s Women’s Leadership Forum, a group of women engaged in leadership development, and is active in the Junior League of Northwest Arkansas and the Workmatters Institute. She’s also working with city and state government to establish a crosswalk on a highway near her neighborhood in Bentonville. Comments comments Previous post Fast 15: Nik Kennett Next post Fast 15: Allyson Peek Talk Business & Politics by email Arkansas headlines delivered to you on demand Email address Statewide Newsletter Northeast Arkansas Newsletter Fort Smith Newsletter Northwest Arkansas Newsletter Submit Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Michael Tilley Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws Robert Coon In defense of Goldilocks Todd Turner Deceptive Trade Practices Act changes will harm Arkansas consumers Megan Hargraves Changes to Deceptive Trade Practices Act will make Arkansas more business-friendly Micah Whitfield Reviewing the ‘bargain branding’ rules Latest Popular Fired Fort Smith sanitation director indicates recycling went to landfill going back to 2014 5 hours ago The Rocket Shot nearly landed on ‘Shark Tank’; it’s now a Daisy product 6 hours ago Wal-Mart’s first quarter net income expected to dip despite slightly higher revenue 8 hours ago Arkansas 4Q GDP growth in 2016 only 0.5%, full-year GDP sees major downward revision 8 hours ago Wal-Mart sued for discriminating against pregnant workers, retailer denies claims 9 hours ago Riff Raff: Camel backs and last straws 1,805 views XNA responds to passenger growth with $35 million parking deck 1,693 views Fort Smith city boss refuses to provide reason for sanitation director’s termination 1,575 views Fort Smith sanitation director fired by city administrator 1,517 views Fort Smith costs to dispose of recycling at landfill continue to climb, new estimate above $680,000 1,389 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Log In News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Skip to main content The Talk of the North 710 AM 98.1 FM Duluth, Minnesota Log In Menu News Weather On Air Events Photos Blogs Podcasts Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Current Show The Larry Elder Show 2AM–5AM Upcoming Shows Next Show The Hugh Hewitt Show 5AM–7AM Neill Atkins 7AM–8AM "Sound Off" with Brad B... 8AM–11AM Current Weather (55811) 49° Search Our Site Search Submit Search Magnifiying glass search icon Unknown Show None–None News Workers say Wal-Mart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women Workers say Wal-Mart discriminated against thousands of pregnant women Monday, May 15, 2017 1:33 p.m. CDT A logo of Walmart is seen in one of the stores in Monterrey, Mexico November 28, 2016. REUTERS/Daniel Becerril/File Photo By Daniel Wiessner (Reuters) - Two former Wal-Mart Stores Inc employees have filed a lawsuit accusing the retailer of treating thousands of pregnant workers as “second-class citizens” by rejecting their requests to limit heavy lifting, climbing on ladders and other potentially dangerous tasks. The proposed class action lawsuit was filed in federal court in Illinois on Friday by Talisa Borders and Otisha Woolbright, who say that until 2014, Arkansas-based Wal-Mart had a company-wide policy that denied pregnant women the same accommodations as workers with other disabilities. The class could include at least 20,000 women and possibly up to 50,000 who worked at Wal-Mart while pregnant before the policy change, according to the lawsuit. The company in a statement provided by spokesman Randy Hargrove denied the women's claims and said Wal-Mart's pregnancy policies "have always fully met or exceeded both state and federal law." The company said a separate anti-discrimination policy it maintains has long listed pregnancy as a protected status. "Walmart is a great place for women to work," the company said. Borders and Woolbright say that Wal-Mart's old policy violated a federal law requiring employers to treat pregnancy as a temporary disability and provide work accommodations to pregnant women. The U.S. Supreme Court, in a 2015 case involving United Parcel Service, said employers cannot treat pregnant workers differently from those with other disabilities or medical conditions. Wal-Mart, the largest private U.S. employer, changed its policy in 2014 to treat pregnancy as a disability. But lawyers for the plaintiffs in the lawsuit say the changes did not go far enough, and they were planning a separate lawsuit involving the new policy. Woolbright says her manager at a Florida Wal-Mart told her pregnancy was “no excuse” for not doing heavy lifting. She says she was fired from her job in the deli department after injuring herself lifting trays that weighed up to 50 pounds and inquiring further about the company’s pregnancy policies. Borders, who worked at an Illinois Wal-Mart, says she was reprimanded for asking coworkers to climb ladders and lift heavy boxes while she was pregnant, and forced to go on unpaid leave. When she returned, she says, she was paid $2.00 less per hour. The case is Borders v. Wal-Mart Stores Inc, U.S. District Court for the Southern District of Illinois, No. 3:17-cv-00506. (Reporting by Daniel Wiessner in Albany, New York, Editing by Alexia Garamfalvi, Dan Grebler and Jonathan Oatis) Comments Top Stories Radio Legend Pat Cadigan Dies At Age 81 Monday, May 15 Two Dead, 5 Injured In Crash Saturday Night Monday, May 15 Three Teens Injured When Train Hits Pickup Monday, May 15 Successful Governor's Fishing Opener In St. Cloud Monday, May 15 Record Number Of Students At 25th River Quest Monday, May 15 News Sections Local State National World Local Sports Sports Politics Business Health Science Technology Entertainment Station Information © 2017 710 WDSM - WDSM The Talk of the North 710 WDSM on Facebook Facebook logo 710 WDSM on twitter Twitter logo Listen 710 AM in Duluth, Minnesota 98.1 FM in Duluth, Minnesota Contact Studio Line 1: 218-722-7500 Text Us at 84454 Advertise With Us Job Opportunities Contact Us More Privacy Policy (PDF) Terms of Use (PDF) Contest Rules EEO
null
News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Newsletter Signup E-edition Subscribe + Subscriber Services News News Orange County News Crime + Public Safety Business Politics North OC News Anaheim Brea Buena Park Cypress Fullerton Garden Grove La Habra La Palma Orange + Villa Park Placentia Santa Ana Seal Beach+ Los Alamitos Stanton Tustin Westminster Yorba Linda South OC News Costa Mesa Dana Point Fountain Valley Huntington Beach Irvine Laguna Beach Laguna Niguel + Aliso Viejo Laguna Hills Ladera Ranch Lake Forest Laguna Woods Mission Viejo Newport Beach Rancho Santa Margarita San Clemente San Juan Capistrano Obituaries Opinion Sports Sports Angels Dodgers Chargers Rams Ducks Kings Lakers OC Varsity Clippers College Sports USC UCLA MMA/Boxing Soccer Southland Golf OC Varsity OC Varsity Football Basketball Baseball Softball Soccer Tennis Volleyball Recruiting Swimming Water Polo Track and Field Cross Country Wrestling Golf Things To Do Things To Do Restaurant Reviews + Food Movies + TV Music + Concerts Amusement Parks + Disneyland Theater + Arts Coast Magazine OC Family Home + Garden Travel Books Mission San Juan Capistrano celebrates return… Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Trending: O.C.’s growing underclass Shark tours begin 43 busted in rave Ducks-Predators feud Vote for Best of O.C. 2017 Orange County News Mission San Juan Capistrano celebrates return of mariachis and swallows Share this: Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Lizeth Reyes, a member of the Desert Pines High School Mariachi Los Jaguares, from Las Vegas, Nevada plays violin during the annual Battle of the Mariachis at Mission San Juan Capistrano on Saturday, May 13, 2017. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer By Fred Swegles | fswegles@scng.com | Orange County Register PUBLISHED: May 15, 2017 at 9:46 am | UPDATED: May 15, 2017 at 10:03 pm Musicians from all 14 of the bands that competed in the 13th annual Battle of the Mariachis Festival perform together during the finale of the festival at Mission San Juan Capistrano on Saturday afternoon, May 13, 2017. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer Lizeth Reyes, a member of the Desert Pines High School Mariachi Los Jaguares, from Las Vegas, Nevada plays violin during the annual Battle of the Mariachis at Mission San Juan Capistrano on Saturday, May 13, 2017. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer Juan Baeza, a member of Mariachi Juvenil Los Potrillos, from San Bernardino, sings with the band during the annual Battle of the Mariachis in San Juan Capistrano on Saturday, May 13, 2017. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer Musicians from all 14 of the bands that competed in the 13th annual Battle of the Mariachis Festival perform together while standing at various locations around the Courtyard at Mission San Juan Capistrano during the finale of the festival on Saturday afternoon, May 13, 2017. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer The Sinfonia Mexicana Mariachi Youth Academy, from San Bernardino, performs on stage at Mission San Juan Capistrano during the 13th annual Battle of the Mariachis Festival on Saturday, May 13, 2017. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer Mariachi Tesoro del Valle, from East Wenatchee, Washington, play on stage in the courtyard at Mission San Juan Capistrano during Saturday’s annual Battle of the Mariachis on May 13, 2017. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer Daisy Martinez, a member of the Sinfonia Mexicana Mariachi Youth Academy, from San Bernardino, sings with the band during the annual Battle of the Mariachis Festival in San Juan Capistrano on Saturday, May 13, 2017. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer Members of the Desert Pines High School Mariachi Los Jaguares, from Las Vegas, Nevada perform during the annual Battle of the Mariachis at Mission San Juan Capistrano on Saturday afternoon, May 13, 2017. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer Mariachi de Uclatln, from the ethnomusicology department at UCLA, performs on stage at Mission San Juan Capistrano on Saturday, May 13, 2017 during the 13th annual Battle of the Mariachis Festival. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer Mariachi Juvenil Los Potrillos, from San Bernardino, compete in the open category at the annual Battle of the Mariachis in San Juan Capistrano on Saturday, May 13, 2017. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer Nancy Gonzales, a member of the hometown Mariachi Nuevo Capistrano, sings with the band during the 13th annual Battle of the Mariachis Festival at Mission San Juan Capistrano on Saturday, May 13, 2017. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer Hundreds gather in the courtyard at Mission San Juan Capistrano on Saturday, May 13, 2017 to watch 14 bands from around the Western United States compete in the annual Battle of the Mariachis Festival. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer Members of Mariachi de Uclatln, from the ethnomusicology department at UCLA, perform on stage at Mission San Juan Capistrano on Saturday, May 13, 2017 during the 13th annual Battle of the Mariachis Festival. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer Members of Mariachi Corazn, from Tucson, Arizona compete in the youth category at the 13th annual Battle of the Mariachis Festival at Mission San Juan Capistrano on Saturday, May 13, 2017. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer Mariachi Nuevo Capistrano competes in the annual Battle of the Mariachis Festival at Mission San Juan Capistrano against 13 other mariachi bands from around the Western United States on Saturday afternoon, May 13, 2017. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer Hundreds gather in the courtyard at Mission San Juan Capistrano on Saturday, May 13, 2017 to watch 14 bands from around the Western United States compete in the annual Battle of the Mariachis Festival. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer Members of Mariachi Nuevo Capistrano perform with the band during the 13th annual Battle of the Mariachis Festival at Mission San Juan Capistrano on Saturday afternoon, May 13, 2017. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer A swallow peaks out of its mud nest at Mission San Juan Capistrano on Saturday, May 13, 2017, where swallows are returning after being absent for several years. Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer Members of Mariachi Corazon, from Tucson, Ariz. compete in the youth category at the 13th annual Battle of the Mariachis Festival at Mission San Juan Capistrano on Saturday, May 13, 2017. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer) Members of Mariachi Corazon, from Tucson, Ariz. compete in the youth category at the 13th annual Battle of the Mariachis Festival at Mission San Juan Capistrano on Saturday, May 13, 2017. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer) Members of Mariachi Corazon, from Tucson, Ariz. compete in the youth category at the 13th annual Battle of the Mariachis Festival at Mission San Juan Capistrano on Saturday, May 13, 2017. (Photo By Jeff Antenore, Contributing Photographer) Show Caption of Expand By design, Mission San Juan Capistrano reduced the number of people allowed inside the historic site to watch Saturday’s, May 13, 13th annual Battle of the Mariachis. The mariachi spectacle has become so popular that the mission decided to scale back capacity from 4,000 to 3,500 to improve the visitor experience, executive director, Mechelle Lawrence Adams said. But when some extra guests showed up unexpectedly, everyone was delighted. “It sure was fun,” Lawrence Adams said, “seeing swallows fly over the earlier morning performers.” For the first time in many years, swallows have returned to Mission San Juan Capistrano, in numbers that Lawrence Adams hasn’t seen in the 14 years she has been at the mission. “We are excited,” she said. For nine years, she said, the mission has taken steps to try to attract migratory swallows to return to the mission as they had for more than 200 years, before urbanization began to reduce numbers in downtown San Juan. Today nests are more often seen under bridges and in outlying areas. San Clemente’s Walmart has nests. The mission has set up recorded bird calls and installed plaster nests to try to offer a ready-made home environment for swallows that fly 6,000 miles to Southern California every March from Argentina. Mark Bodenhamer, CEO of the Chamber of Commerce, wondered if last winter’s drought-busting rains have played a role, providing ample mud now for building nests. “The ones building are cliff swallows,” Lawrence Adams said. “The ones that are darting about (in bigger numbers) are rough-winged swallows. Our ornithologist is saying that San Juan Capistrano has always had a variety of swallows, up to three different types.” At least one mating pair was visible inhabiting a nest along the outer wall of Serra Chapel during the Battle of the Mariachis, where a local band, Mariachi Nuevo Capistrano, crooned to victory for the second straight year in the open division. Fourteen bands from four states competed – 10 of them in the youth division, which was won by Mariachi Corazon de Tucson, a band from Arizona. The audience was invited to vote online to produce a People’s Choice winner, which turned out to be a Los Angeles youth band, Mariachi del Oeste. Desert Pines High School Mariachi Los Jaguares from Las Vegas, Nev., took two awards, second place among youth bands and a Spirit of San Juan Capistrano award. Mariachi Nuevo Capistrano earned a spirit award as well. Taking second place to Mariachi Nuevo Capistrano in the open division was Mariachi Tesoro del Valle, from East Wenatchee, Wash. Mariachi Nuevo Capistrano’s winning series of songs began with a luscious vocal harmony to open “Sones Jaliscienses,” followed by “Me Equivoque Contigo” and “El Fandanguito.” “We’ve been working really hard,” bassist Jorge Marin said when asked about the two consecutive victories. “We’ve been fundraising for new suits. We are grateful to everybody in San Juan Capistrano for all the help. The whole city won it, not just us.” Lest anyone think it was local favoritism by a local judging panel, that isn’t possible, Lawrence Adams said. “We have new judges and we rotate things out,” she said. “These are trained ethnomusicology people. We have performers, we have a famous celebrity, Juan Mendoza, who is well loved. This is a legit panel.” For those who have been to the mission in recent years on Swallows Day – St. Joseph’s Day, March 19 – to witness the legendary return of the swallows and didn’t get to see any, now is a good time to visit. “Every morning and in the later afternoon we are just seeing droves of swallows,” Lawrence Adams said. “They’ll be coming in and out of the archways and darting about.” As for the swallows inhabiting one completed nest and building another, “we are just asking our guests to not intrude on them and take pictures from afar and enjoy the rebuilding of the nests,” Lawrence Adams said. The mission, built in 1776, is at 26801 Ortega Highway, replete with historical exhibits, guided tours, an audio tour available in seven languages, garden tours, swallows talks and gift shop. See missionsjc.com or call 949-234-1300 for details. Get the latest news delivered daily! Subscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS Most Popular Orange County restaurants closed this week by health inspectors (May 8-12) Income needed to afford an Orange County house now at $154,120 a year Sharkwatching: With more sharks and better tech, it’s the latest craze 3 people injured in two-car collision in Irvine early Sunday Man accused of gunning down 2 men in downtown Huntington Beach in 1994 makes first court appearance Anaheim man killed in single-car accident in Victorville Corpse flower, named for the rotting-flesh smell it emits, is blooming at Cal State Fullerton Activists install portable toilets for homeless at Santa Ana River bed; county says they’re unauthorized Winner turns in $61 million lottery ticket purchased in Laguna Hills Younger kids run in their own races during the Tinker Bell Half Marathon at Disneyland Tags:  local news Mission San Juan Capistrano OCR Newsletter Photos and Video San Juan Capistrano Top Stories OCR Fred Swegles Fred Swegles grew up in small-town San Clemente before the freeway. He has covered the town since 1970. Today he covers San Clemente and San Juan Capistrano. He was in the second graduating class at San Clemente High School, after having spent the first two years of high school in double sessions at historic Capistrano Union High School in San Juan. When the new high school opened, he became first sports editor of the school paper, The Triton. He studied journalism and Spanish at USC on scholarship, graduating with honors. Was sports editor of the Daily Trojan. Surfed on the USC surf team. (High school surfing didn't exist back then.) With the Sun Post, he began covering competitive surfing from the mid-1970s, with the birth of the the modern world tour and the origins of high school surf teams. He got into surf photography and into world travel. Has surfed on six continents (not Antarctica). Has visited 11 San Clementes. Has written photo-illustrated profiles on most of them, with more in the works. Follow Fred Swegles @newssanclemente View Comments Join the Conversation We invite you to use our commenting platform to engage in insightful conversations about issues in our community. Although we do not pre-screen comments, we reserve the right at all times to remove any information or materials that are unlawful, threatening, abusive, libelous, defamatory, obscene, vulgar, pornographic, profane, indecent or otherwise objectionable to us, and to disclose any information necessary to satisfy the law, regulation, or government request. We might permanently block any user who abuses these conditions. If you see comments that you find offensive, please use the “Flag as Inappropriate” feature by hovering over the right side of the post, and pulling down on the arrow that appears. Or, contact our editors by emailing moderator@scng.com. blog comments powered by Disqus More in Orange County News Anaheim man killed in single-car accident in Victorville Challenging draw: Woodbridge, Beckman and Crean Lutheran get ready for CIF baseball playoffs Former county treasurer awarded $10 million in malpractice suit against Newport Beach lawyer Activists install portable toilets for homeless at Santa Ana River bed; county says they’re unauthorized Live Traffic Map Weather Facebook Twitter Instagram RSS About Us About Us Contact Us About SCNG Work with Us Company Store Advertising Sections Cars Classified Jobs Real Estate Knowledge Cafe Top Workplaces Deals How to Advertise with us Place an Online Ad Place a Print Ad Place a Classified Ad Media Kits Advertising Contact Information How to find us on other platforms Newsletter Signup Mobile Apps E-edition Current Newspaper Ads Weekly E-editions Site Map Subscriber services Customer Service Subscribe Reader Rewards Partners Coast Magazine OC Family Southland Golf The Cannifornian Copyright Privacy Policy Arbitration Powered by WordPress.com VIP Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Continue to site Snapshots Star Tribune Minnesota State Patrol cadets assemble at Mariucci Arena for their graduation ceremony. Photo: Jim Gehrz/Star Tribune Buy Print BUY Twitter Facebook LinkedIn Pinterest SHARE About ABOUT Home All Sections Search StarTribune Manage Account Log out Log In Subscriptions New Manage Existing Recently Visited Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Health Highlights Politics Nation World Science Weather Traffic Video Photography Obituaries Archives: 150+ years Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs Minneapolis St. Paul East Metro North Metro South Metro West Metro Projects Local Columnists Jon Tevlin James Lileks Local Blogs Campus Confidential Class Act Dateline Minnesota Full Disclosure Lileks at Lunch MPLS. STP The Drive Yesterday's News State Fair 10,000 Takes Data Drop Twins Vikings Wild Wolves Lynx MN United Gophers Colleges Golf Motorsports Outdoors High Schools Super Bowl LII Sports Columnists Dennis Anderson Sid Hartman Patrick Reusse Chip Scoggins Jim Souhan Sports Blogs Access Vikings A Fan's View Bloggin' Scoggins Dennis Anderson Doug Smith Gold in the Barn Gridiron Gold Ice Gold On the Lynx On the Wolves Patrick+ Randball Russo's Rants Sid's Scoops Souhan on Sports StribSports Upload The Roman Empire Twins Insider Sports Podcasts Access Vikings Twins Insider Talking Preps Top Workplaces Business Columnists Lee Schafer Neal St. Anthony Business Blogs 3D Economics Food Market Just Listed Lee Schafer Point of Sale The Mill Commentary Editorial Steve Sack Letters Podcasts Playing Politics Books Celebs Comics & Games Horoscopes Eat & Drink Movies Music Stage & Arts TV & Media Best of MN Health Home & Garden Kids' Health Style Taste The Good Life Travel Variety Columnists Gail Rosenblum C. J Variety Blogs Artcetera Escape Artists Greengirls Health Check Lileks @ Lunch On Books Table Talk Wingnut World Class View all Obituaries Place an Obituary Notice Place an Ad Garage Sales Estate Sales Merchandise Pets Recreational Vehicles & Marina Newspaper Ads Auctions Search Used Vehicles Sell your Vehicle Advertise Rentals Commercial Foreclosures Find an Agent Find a Job Your Resume Your Account Employer A-Z Top Workplaces Post a Job Star Tribune Close Home Local Sports Business Opinion Variety Obituaries Classifieds Autos Housing Jobs More from the Homepage prev Legislature cracks down on female genital mutilation Report: Trump revealed highly classified intel to Russian officials New subdivision at Lake Elmo golf course raises questions of affordability Scientists find hundreds of tons of plastic in Arctic Forest Lake reverses decision to disband police department Minneapolis adds 'all-gender' restrooms in city buildings Conway said 'I need to take a shower' after speaking for Trump, MSNBC says Will Twins draft Hunter Greene or Brendan McKay? Or none of the above? Love, no marriage: More folks over 50 are 'shacking up' Timberwolves go looking for draft lottery luck Scoggins: NCAA looks at Gophers' 54-3 softball record and just shrugs next Celebrities 422334713 Minnesota star of 'Big Brother' makes leap from reality TV to Edina Realty Janelle Pierzina takes the skills she honed in the "Big Brother" house and uses them to sell homes.  By Kelsy Ketchum Star Tribune May 15, 2017 — 2:38pm David Joles, Star Tribune Janelle Pierzina, a native of Grand Rapids, Minn., was on the CBS show “Big Brother” for three seasons. Text size comment share tweet email Print more Share on: Share on LinkedIn Share on Google+ Share on Pinterest Copy shortlink: Purchase: Order Reprint Did you ever see someone and spend the rest of the day trying to figure out how you know that person? Janelle Pierzina is on the opposite side of that question nearly every week. As a reality-TV-star-turned-Realtor, Pierzina gets that quizzical look wherever she goes, whether it’s on a grocery-store run with her three kids or hosting an open house for Edina Realty. “They go through this whole list of questions like, ‘Did you work at 3M?’ ” she said. “So after like 10 questions, I usually just tell them I was on TV.” And not just any show. She was a star on “Big Brother,” the CBS prime-time hit that locked 10 strangers together in a house while cameras recorded their every move. Now she’s selling houses in the south Twin Cities metro area, using some of the skills that kept her from being kicked off “Big Brother.” (She shares the record for most days in the house: 177 over three seasons.) “You have to be very, very good socially, and I feel like real estate’s the same,” Pierzina said. “People have to like you; that’s the biggest thing.” DAVID JOLES, Star Tribune Former reality TV star turned Realtor Janelle Pierzina showed clients a house in Savage. Luckily, Pierzina is incredibly likable. She’s honest about her experiences in the entertainment industry. (Note: If you have to choose a celebrity to meet, Jennifer Aniston is one of the nicest.) And she’s willing to talk about whatever crosses her mind, whether that’s Drake’s newest album or her working-class childhood in Grand Rapids, Minn. “I didn’t have a lot,” Pierzina said. “In junior high, I had like two or three pairs of pants and four shirts, and shoes from Wal-Mart, but it was fine.” After her parents divorced, her mom, Ann Pierzina-Killian, became a nurse, working odd hours and struggling to raise her kids as a single mother. Pierzina helped out with the younger siblings. “She would get up all by herself and make herself breakfast,” Pierzina-Killian said. “I worked the afternoon shift, so I would basically set her alarm and tell her she had to get to school on time.” Her mother believes Pierzina’s upbringing built a spirit of determination that was a huge help on “Big Brother” and beyond. As a teen, she tried out for cheerleading and made the team, even though she was younger than everyone else. “She’s never been spoiled, never been given life on a silver platter,” Pierzina-Killian said. “If she wanted something, she put her mind to it and did it.” One thing Pierzina wanted was to be a top TV anchor. “She liked to be top dog,” her mom said. “She always just liked to be in the limelight.” ‘Intense and competitive’ Pierzina, 37, studied communications at the University of Minnesota Duluth, where she met her future husband, Jess. (He owns a hotel in Apple Valley, which is what originally brought Pierzina back to the Twin Cities area; they live in ­Lakeville.) She eventually decided that wasn’t the path for her and moved to Miami, where she was a model and cocktail waitress before trying out for “Big Brother” in 2005. Her mom, nervous about how Pierzina would be portrayed, told her she shouldn’t go on the show. “There was a lot of stigma because reality TV was still kind of new and you didn’t know what [producers] were going to do,” Pierzina said. “You’re signing your life away, basically, and they could make you into anything.” But Pierzina was happy with her portrayal. She finished third, then was picked by viewers to compete in an all-star edition the following year. She took third once again. “I played the whole ‘dumb blonde’ thing and it worked because everyone thought I was dumb,” said Pierzina, who returned to the show in 2012 but was evicted halfway through. “My whole character was this tough girl who was kind of at the bottom and I just fought my way to the top.” That competitive nature has served her well as a Realtor — and sometimes takes people by surprise. “The first time I met her, she was very sweet and pleasant,” said her boss at Edina Realty, Craig Kanis. “I didn’t know how intense and competitive she was.” Pierzina consistently ranks in the top 10 out of about 80 agents, he said. Her status as a fan favorite doesn’t hurt, either. “I get called to people’s houses all the time for weird appointments where I don’t know them but they know me,” she said. “They’re usually pretty excited to work with me. They choose me out of the other Realtors because they feel like they understand me and know me as a person.” Others, though, know her only as Janelle the Realtor. Sarah Bell and Jake Revak, an engaged couple shopping for their first house, don’t particularly care that she used to be on TV. “We found out about that later, but that doesn’t really affect anything,” Bell said. Despite being voted “America’s Choice” during her time on the show and receiving such gifts in the mail as a Swarovski crown and jewelry from Tiffany’s, Pierzina doesn’t see “Big Brother” necessarily as the formative experience of her life. “It’s just something I did in my life, like a job or whatever,” Pierzina said. “It’s a weird job, but I did it.”   Kelsy Ketchum is a University of Minnesota student on assignment for the Star Tribune. View Comments Read our comment standards StarTribune.com welcomes and encourages readers to comment and engage in substantive, mutually respectful exchanges over news topics. Commenters must follow our Terms of Use. Keep it civil and stay on topic. No profanity, vulgarity, racial slurs or personal attacks. Comments with web links are not permitted. Comments that violate the above will be removed. Repeat violators may lose their commenting privileges on StarTribune.com. Comments will be reviewed before being published. Powered by Livefyre } Star Tribune Recommends Ex-Amazon exec working to transform Target from elephant to gazelle Man exposing himself to I-35W motorists arrested after fighting with trooper Report: Trump revealed highly classified intel to Russian officials Conway said 'I need to take a shower' after speaking for Trump, MSNBC says Isanti driver pleads guilty, was likely on phone when he killed skateboarder Kelly's new guy: Ryan Seacrest joins 'Live' show as host Chris Evans sheds superhero image for feel-good power of 'Gifted' Hax: Neighbor creates a birthday party dilemma Hax: Bow out of beach vacation gracefully Hax: Respect and invite daughter's girlfriend More From Variety Variety 6 minutes ago Grand Central Terminal bar reopens, expands access to all An old-fashioned cocktail bar tucked away in New York City's Grand Central Terminal is set to reopen this week — with two additional bars and the end of its secretive nature. Variety 14 minutes ago Anheuser-Busch announces $11 million brewery expansion Anheuser-Busch has announced a multimillion-dollar expansion at one of its breweries in New Hampshire, eying growth in expanding craft or specialty beers. Variety May 15 AP Explains: What is bitcoin? A look at the digital currency It's worth more than an ounce of gold right now, it's completely digital and it's the currency of choice for the cyberattackers who crippled computer networks around the world in recent days. TV & Media May 15 'Dr Phil' to air 2nd interview with Hernandez's fiancee The fiancee of former NFL player Aaron Hernandez is expected to publicly respond to rumors about his sexuality. National May 15 Gov't report: Progress reducing US uninsured stalled in 2016 After five consecutive years of coverage gains, progress reducing the number of uninsured Americans stalled in 2016, according to a government report Tuesday that underscores the stakes as Republicans try to roll back Barack Obama's law. Top Stories Legislature cracks down on female genital mutilation May. 15 Report: Trump revealed highly classified intel to Russian officials 12:13am New subdivision at Lake Elmo golf course raises questions of affordability 12:56am Most Read Minnesota star of 'Big Brother' makes leap from reality TV to Edina Realty • Celebrities Samantha Ponder: She and Christian were 'easy targets' in Minnesota • Celebrities Melissa McCarthy adds spice (and Spicer) as host of 'SNL' • Celebrities C.J.: Shaun LaBelle hopes to ride 'Wave' to another platinum seller • Celebrities Katy Perry in talks to become 'American Idol' judge • Celebrities Taste Cookbook author Amy Thielen remembers her 'hopeful' Minnesota homecoming Meet 26 immigrants who are changing the Twin Cities restaurant scene Home & Garden Minneapolis cooking couple remake their home around the kitchen of their dreams Heirloom veggies bring endless variety to garden plots The Good Life Pioneering interracial couples in Minnesota share their experiences The real financial costs of caregiving Celebrities Minnesota star of 'Big Brother' makes leap from reality TV to Edina Realty Melissa McCarthy adds spice (and Spicer) as host of 'SNL' Weekly feature Streetscapes Each Saturday, Star Tribune writers showcase Minnesota architecture. special feature Beautiful Gardens of the Twin Cities From October to April, we bring you into one Beautiful Garden a month. Movies Schumer and Hawn grab us by the funny bone in 'Snatched' Guy Ritchie's 'King Arthur' is legendarily bad Music Chance the Rapper seizes his opportunity in first Minnesota arena concert Minnesota rocker Mary Bue recounts sexual assault in new song Travel A guide to Paris for repeat visitors Stunning WWII museum among the attractions of Minnesota River Valley TV & Media Daughter of famous Minnesota journalist David Carr makes her mark on HBO Tim Pigott-Smith's 'King Charles III' is a crowning achievement Stage & Arts How immigration became a hot topic for Minnesota arts groups She's the artist behind that giant blue chicken coming to Mpls. Sculpture Garden special feature Advice Looking for some advice on love, family, life? Here are tips from the Star Tribune's experts. Books Reviews: 'Everything Is Flammable,' by Gabrielle Bell and 'Imagine Wanting Only This,' by Kristen Radtke Review: 'House of Names,' by Colm Toibin Eat & Drink No Mother's Day reservations? No problem at these Twin Cities restaurants The 5 best Twin Cities burgers of the year (so far) Giving Back Gala benefits put the fun in fundraising Choose your own (giving) adventure StarTribune Follow Us On: Facebook Twitter Google+ Pinterest Instagram Tumblr Company About the Star Tribune Contact us Work For Us News in Education City Pages High school sports hubs Mobile and tablet apps Advertise with us Talk with a business consultant Media kit Classifieds Buy Star Tribune Store Photo Reprints Archived articles Full Page Archive: 150+ years Back Copies Commercial reprints Licensing Customer support Help and Feedback Manage your account Newspaper subscription Digital access eEdition Vacation hold/billing Website Terms of use Privacy policy Site index RSS © 2017 StarTribune. All rights reserved.
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: Target Cracks the Big Apple Target is hoping its big-city dreams will pave the way for a turnaround. But will the strategy work? Billy Duberstein (Dubs82) May 15, 2017 at 11:05AM Punk rockers, NYU students, and hipsters, rejoice. Target (NYSE:TGT) is coming to a neighborhood near you in Manhattan. The company known for its presence in suburban power centers and family oriented merchandise is invading the lower east side at Essex Crossing, near the on-ramp to the Williamsburg bridge. The rollout will be an early test of Target's cachet in trendier urban settings, and is an important part of the company's strategy to transform itself for a world that is increasingly urban and digital. image source: Target The store The company signed a lease for 22,500 square feet on the second floor of the building, which is still under construction and will have rental apartments above and a Trader Joe's below. That Target is opening above a Trader Joe's is interesting, since Target is attempting to turn around its food business. My guess is that the grocery section will be absent from this smaller-format store. The small store strategy This marks one of five stores that Target plans to roll out over the next three years in New York. One planned opening will be across from the Herald's Square Macy's, signaling the company is unafraid of attacking the competition even as the entire industry seems to be in retreat. So far in 2017, the amount of retail closures has more than doubled from last year, and is on track to outpace even the 2008 recession. While many retailers are going on defense, Target is investing through the cycle, opening up more smaller-format and urban stores such as the Essex Crossing store. The company is increasing its smaller-format store count from 32 to 130 over the next two years, in cities and on college campuses. Target believes that having stores closer to the densely populated areas will help the company transition to a more e-commerce and volume-based retailer. The company believes its large store count in close proximity to much of the US population positions it well for an e-commerce model that will feature fast delivery times, as well as order online and pick up in-store within one hour. The company is combining these investments with price reductions in the hopes of creating more volume. Finally, many of Target's new stores will feature two entrances – one for people who wish to drop in and pick up things quickly, and another entrance for those who wish to shop in the store. Basically, Target sees that it will have to go head-to-head with Amazon and Walmart, aggressive price-cutters with robust e-commerce platforms. The risks I happen to think that these bold moves from Target are the correct ones to make, though I'm not sure the company has a choice. It's being dragged into more ruthless competition, and while management may be making the correct moves, that is not a guarantee things will work out. For one, rents and labor costs in urban centers are much higher than in the suburbs. Two, while cities are densely populated, there is also much more competition nearby. Target will not only have to be close to its customers, but also offer compelling services and value. Even Wal-mart tried its hand at smaller-format stores, calling the segment Walmart Express, and could not make it work. The company sold the unit earlier this year. Moreover, Amazon is looking to open up its own brick-and-mortar stores in the future. Target occupies an interesting niche in between the beaten-up apparel retailers and large-scale discounters such as Walmart and Amazon. With the new offensive strategy to attack urban environments, compete on price, and renovate into new store formats, the company is definitely trying to become more like the latter; however, success is far from certain, and other retailers have failed at similar transformations. Target may, in time, make for an interesting turnaround candidate, but investors wont' know for at least a few quarters whether the strategy is working or not. For now, I'm watching from the sidelines. Billy Duberstein owns shares of Amazon. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Billy Duberstein (Dubs82) None Article Info May 15, 2017 at 11:05AM Consumer Goods Stocks Target NYSE:TGT $55.35 up $0.15 (0.27%) Read More What Happened in the Stock Market Today Target Sales Slide but Shares Fly High Anyway 3 Reasons I Bought Target Stock This Month 3 High-Yield Dividend Stocks Investors Should Consider Buying Hate Checking Your Portfolio? Try These 3 Stocks Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current Target Cracks the Big Apple @themotleyfool #stocks $TGT
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Helping the world invest better since 1993. Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Latest Stock Picks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks | IRAs | Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s | 30s | 40s | 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I Reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2017 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Our Mission: Helping the World Invest — Better Founded in 1993 by brothers Tom and David Gardner, The Motley Fool helps millions of people attain financial freedom through our website, podcasts, books, newspaper column, radio show, and premium investing services. Latest Stock Picks Stocks Stocks Premium Services Return S&P Stock Advisor Flagship service 242% 69% Rule Breakers High-growth stocks 111% 57% Income Investor Dividend stocks 46% 42% Hidden Gems Small-cap stocks 63% 54% Inside Value Undervalued stocks 48% 31% Returns as of 5/15/2017 Stock Market News Latest Investing News Gainers & Losers in the Market Today 3 Top Dividend Stocks to Buy Now Dividend Paying Stocks for Beginners Top Growth Stock for 2017 Discover High Growth Stocks 10 Best Stocks Right Now Popular Stocks Apple Stock (AAPL) Facebook Stock (FB) Tesla Stock (TSLA) Netflix Stock (NFLX) Google Stock (GOOG) Amazon Stock (AMZN) GE Stock (GE) Disney Stock (DIS) Twitter Stock (TWTR) Snapchat Stock (SNAP) How to Invest How to Invest Learn How to Invest How to Invest in Stocks Start Investing with $100 a Month Investing Knowledge Center Learn Options Trading Guide to Index, Mutual & ETF Funds How to Build a Dividend Portfolio Investing for Retirement Track Your Performance Portfolio Tracker Rate & Research Stocks - CAPS Investing Accounts Compare Brokerage Accounts Compare IRA Accounts Retirement Retirement Retirement Planning 401Ks IRAs Asset Allocation Step by step guide to retirement Your 2017 Guide to Retirement Plans Will Social Security be there for me? Retirement Guide: 20s Retirement Guide: 30s Retirement Guide: 40s Retirement Guide: 50s Save for College or Retirement? $16,122 Social Security Bonus Already Retired Time to Retire, Now What? Living in Retirement in Your 60s Should I reverse Mortgage My Home? Should I Get a Long Term Care Policy? Your 2016 Guide to Social Security Personal Finance Personal Finance Credit Cards Best Credit Cards of 2017 Best Credit Card Sign-Up Bonuses Best Balance-Transfer Credit Cards Best Travel Credit Cards Best Cash-Back Credit Cards Best No-Annual-Fee Credit Cards Best Small Business Credit Cards Mortgages Compare Mortgage Rates Get Pre-Approved How Much House Can I Afford? 11 Mortgage Essentials Demystified Taxes How to Reduce Your Taxes Deductions Even Pros Overlook Audit-Proof Your Tax Return What Info Should I Keep? Saving & Budgeting Getting Out of Debt Create an Emergency Fund Which Accounts Should I Use? College Savings Community Community Login Search Search: 3 Things to Watch in the Stock Market This Week Why Home Depot, Wal-Mart, and Foot Locker stocks could make big moves over the next few trading days. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) May 15, 2017 at 11:18AM Stocks dipped last week as both the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJINDICES:^DJI) the S&P 500 (SNPINDEX:^GSPC) fell by less than 1%. Yet the indexes remain firmly in positive territory for the year. ^DJI data by YCharts. Earnings season keeps rolling on this week, and so investors can expect plenty of volatility ahead in individual stocks. A few of the most anticipated reports set to be released include those from Home Depot (NYSE:HD), Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT), and Foot Locker (NYSE:FL). Home Depot's customer traffic Home Depot will post its results before the market opens on Tuesday, and consensus estimates call for the home-improvement giant's sales to rise 4%, to $23.7 billion. While that pace would trail rival Lowe's (NYSE: LOW) and its expected 11% gain, the more illustrative match-up is in comparable-store sales, where Home Depot has trounced Lowe's in recent years. Its comps improved by 5.6% last year, compared to Lowe's 4.2%. Image source: Getty Images. The performance gap is expected to continue in 2017: Home Depot has projected a 4.6% comps improvement, while Lowe's sees 4.1% growth in the new fiscal year. The company's expanding presence in the professional customer segment will be key to its continued market share gains. Investors will also be looking for progress in an e-commerce initiative that has put Home Depot among a small class of traditional retailers who are thriving as customer traffic moves to online channels. Finally, look for the company to update its full-year forecast based on the latest economic trends in the housing market. Wal-Mart's profits A simple focus on value helped Wal-Mart become the biggest retailer on the planet and delivered huge gains to long-term investors in the process. Yet as consumers flock to online shopping, the retailing giant has given up a significant chunk of profits recently as it invests in its existing stores while building up its own e-commerce platform. WMT Net Income (TTM) data by YCharts. Investors are expecting another dip this week, with profits set to fall to $0.96 per share from $0.98 per share a year ago. Revenue should tick higher by less than 2% to $117.8 billion. The company is slated to report Thursday before the market opens. Customer traffic trends will be key to watch, since they've only improved modestly over the last few quarters. Management credits initiatives like boosting in-stock levels and raising employee wages for the rebound. That's why continued traffic gains are essential to supporting the notion that Wal-Mart can defend its huge, expensive store footprint against rising threats from online-only rivals. Foot Locker's growth trends Investors aren't excited about Foot Locker's results set to publish before the market opens on Friday. After all, the apparel retailer warned in late April that comps slumped in the first month of the quarter thanks mainly to a delay in tax refunds. Growth picked up once those checks started flowing later on, but the boost "did not fully offset the slow start to the quarter," CEO Richard Johnson explained, as the company lowered its first-quarter outlook. Image source: Getty Images. Johnson and his team still aim to boost comps in the mid-single-digits for the year to keep up the solid expansion pace they managed in 2016. In addition to any updated guidance, profitability will likely get plenty of attention in Friday's report. If the company had to slash prices to keep inventory moving, that might suggest the struggles that showed up toward the end of 2016 were part of a more fundamental industry shift that threatens its growth outlook. Demitrios Kalogeropoulos owns shares of Home Depot. The Motley Fool recommends Home Depot and Lowe's. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Demitrios Kalogeropoulos (TMFSigma) Demitri covers consumer goods and media companies for Fool.com, as well as broader moves in the economy. Follow @tmfsigma Article Info May 15, 2017 at 11:18AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $76.29 up $0.58 (0.77%) DOW JONES INDUSTRIAL AVERAGE DJINDICES:^DJI $20,981.94 up $85.33 (0.41%) S&P 500 INDEX SNPINDEX:^GSPC $2,402.32 up $11.42 (0.48%) Home Depot NYSE:HD $157.33 up $0.41 (0.26%) Foot Locker NYSE:FL $73.21 down $-1.67 (-2.23%) Read More A Foolish Take: The Chart That Defines Wal-Mart Wal-Mart Tries Its Hand at Stunt Food With the Crotilla Wal-Mart Has Its Own Take on Amazon's Dash Button 8 Things You Didn't Know About Home Depot Inc. The Next Stock Warren Buffett May Sell Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Current 3 Things to Watch in the Stock Market This Week @themotleyfool #stocks $WMT, $^DJI, $^GSPC, $HD, $FL
