Your browser is not supported. Please upgrade to one of the following browsers: Google Chrome Mozilla Firefox Apple Safari Microsoft Internet Explorer 8+ You may proceed to the site by clicking here, however some pages might not work correctly. LATEST VIDEOS More Videos: Rates from Bankrate.com Mortgage Credit Cards Auto First Walmart employee training academy opens in Hilltown store 01/15/2017 - 8:44 PM EST HILLTOWN >> Bubba Bohra came to the United States from India and got a job at Walmart 15 years ago. "They gave me a box cutter and sent me down to hardware," Bohra said. He opened a box of merchandise but didn't know where the contents belonged on the shelves, so he asked another associate at the store, who showed him where to stock it. More Headlines Chamber Business Minute: Dynamic Physical Therapy Pa.'s highest-in-nation gas tax going up again Montco business featured on TV's 'Undercover Boss' Don't get cyber-Scrooged! Tips for safe online shopping PennSuburban Chamber planning Lansdale-centric subcommittee to spur business When he opened the next box, he again had to ask the co-worker where that merchandise went. "There was no structured training," Bohra, who is now a market manager for a group of Walmart stores, including the one in Hilltown (also known as the Hatfield store), said while speaking at graduation ceremonies Jan. 10 for the new employee training academy in the Hilltown store. Much of his initial training for the job came from fellow employees, he said. "Associates are the ones who taught me all along the way," Bohra said. Walmart plans to open about 200 of the training academies throughout the country by year's end, David Redfield, divisional senior vice president, said. "This is the 41st academy we're opening up," and the first in Pennsylvania, Redfield said. The academy at the local store will be used to train employees from about 20 other Walmart stores in the region, he said. "Our training academies help provide associates with the skills they need to succeed and advance while creating a better and more consistent customer experience," Michael Collischan, vice president and regional general manager, said in a release about the Jan. 10 graduation ceremonies and ribbon-cutting for the new academy. "Skills training increases productivity, confidence and knowledge, which leads to greater job satisfaction, personal and professional growth and helps make working at Walmart a smart career choice," Collischan said. The academies will provide training for more than 140,000 Walmart employees per year, the company said. Associates at all levels of store operations, from entry-level to regional general manager, will take part in Walmart's new Pathways training programs, the company said. As part of the Pathways program, hourly frontline supervisors and department managers will attend a two-week training program at an academy. "Areas of study include leadership, merchandising, operations, technology and customer service, in addition to the department-specific training," the Walmart release said. The first graduating class at Hilltown had 49 members who received a week-long training on retail fundamentals, Jay Galicki, the academy manager, said. "It intermingles the classroom with hands-on training," he said. Having more consistency in the training leads to more consistency in the stores, Tracy Ford, regional human resources manager, said. Jessica Perry, an academy department manager, was one of the graduates and is also a teacher at the academy, where she teaches apparel. 1 2 next  last »
Gaming News Game Reviews Game Trailers GR Originals Strategy Guides Hot Topics: Nintendo Switch Destiny Mass Effect Andromeda PS4 Pro Xbox One PC Rumor: Nintendo Switch Target Pre-Sale Listed at $300, 15 Launch Games By Boston Blake | 4 days ago  According to details from a leak on Twitter, the Nintendo Switch will be available for pre-order at Target for $300 and will release alongside 15 launch titles. As Nintendo prepares for its major Nintendo Switch event tomorrow, retail chains are gearing up store shelves in preparation for the flood of gamers looking to purchase the console. While the Nintendo Switch isn’t due out until March, big-box stores like Walmart and Target are getting their placeholder information finalized for the new Nintendo console. According to Twitter user Wario64, Target has generated a handful of placeholder entries in its system for the Nintendo Switch and its launch titles. If these placeholder entries are to be believed, the Nintendo Switch will sell for $299 and come alongside 15 launch titles. 15 Nintendo Switch games in Target's system https://t.co/kZRckMOV0Bhttps://t.co/gwIRTdYkQO $299 placeholder Switch https://t.co/v5FF71LFli pic.twitter.com/QlNa2ox2x7— Wario64 (@Wario64) January 11, 2017 The $299 price tag is much closer to what gamers and analysts expect for the Nintendo Switch than the Walmart price of $399 that was leaked earlier today. In that situation, a Redditor claiming to be a Walmart employee shared a photo of a Walmart price tag touting the Nintendo Switch pre-order cost at the $400 mark. It’s no surprise to see retail chains prepare for the release of a major consumer electronic item, especially one as highly anticipated as the Nintendo Switch. With the growth of social media over the last decade, it’s become difficult for video game hardware and software makes to keep pricing and release date information under wraps thanks to leaks that come by way of retail stores, both physical and online. What is interesting, at least in this instance, is the disparity between the prices revealed so far. Walmart’s tag claims the console will cost $399, while Target’s says $299. Analysts in Japan reported earlier this week that the Nintendo Switch would retail for no more than $250. Granted, that could be the Japanese pricing, which may differ from North America and Europe, but the differences are still noteworthy. Ultimately, gamers need only wait until tomorrow for Nintendo to reveal the official price for the Nintendo Switch. It will be interesting to see if the Nintendo Switch comes with different hard drive space options or bundles, which would make the pricing differences more understandable. Considering PlayStation 4 and Xbox One are available with different storage space options, and often come bundled with accessories or games, there could very well be a $299 and $399 option for the Nintendo Switch. In addition to the pricing for the Nintendo Switch, gamers are excited to see if Nintendo does, in fact, reveal 15 launch titles for the console. Doing so could shed some light on the potential power of the new console, as well as the amount of support expected from third-party game developers. What do you think about Target’s leaked pricing for Nintendo Switch? The Nintendo Switch is set to release March 2017. tags: Nintendo, Nintendo Switch, Switch Game Title Nintendo Switch Platform Publisher Nintendo Developer Nintendo Release Mar 03, 2017 Load Comments Latest Features Latest News Latest Reviews Latest Videos © 2009-2016 Game Rant, LLC ABOUT CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY COPYRIGHT ADVERTISE
Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Search Android Community Home Reviews Phones Tablets Apps Devices Deals Tip Us Walmart Scan & Go shopping app hits the Android platform By Rei Padla - January 11, 2017 0 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Hi-tech and digital shopping doesn’t end in using your credit cards, PayPal, or those other mobile payment services. There are several apps that have proven to be useful the past few years but we know this process can still be improved. Apart from the likes of Samsung Pay, Apple Pay, or Android Pay being enhanced and getting more features, there are company-specific apps that aim to make shopping easier, faster, and more convenient. No, it’s nothing like the drone-assisted Amazon Prime Air but just this Scan & Go app for shopping at Walmart. There’s he Walmart Pay already announced in December 2015 and rolled out during the second half of 2016. This time, Walmart is allowing shoppers to just scan their items on the smartphones, pay, and then go. The app is still in its beta testing phase at Walmart No. 5260. It’s only one store located in Rogers, Arkansas. The retail giant seems to be serious in going digital. This will benefit not only the consumers but also the employees as their work load will be reduced. As for the shoppers, standing in line will no longer be a problem because you may not have to do that anymore. Actually, iPhone owners have been using the app but it’s only now the Android community is getting it. The idea is for the shopper to scan the UPC code of an item, put it inside your basket or cart, shop for more, and then pay via the mobile app. An electronic receipt will then be sent to you. Once you’re done, show the receipt to a Walmart employee or guard, smile, and then you’re out. Shopping is over! It seems to good to be true because it requires honesty but of course, we know you will never shortchange Walmart. Remember: Honestly is the Best Policy. This app will require you to do extra work though, scan each item’s barcode while you shop. Every time you get an item, scan right away. The running total of the products inside your cart or basket will be shown. Check out to finally pay for all the items. Download Walmart Scan & Go from the Google Play Store SOURCE: Walmart Story Timeline Walmart has a ten dollar Android smartphone Walmart launches new mobile payment system, calls it Walmart Pay Walmart Pay ready for almost all Walmart stores in the US TAGS Android Apps e-commerce mobile payment shopping Walmart Walmart Pay Rei Padla Must Read HTC U Ultra, U Play hands-on: putting “U” at the center 15 best Android games of 2016, which means you should try these if you haven’t already Top 20 Android Apps for 2016 Stay Connected 883,798FansLike 136,292FollowersFollow 102,861FollowersFollow 472,839FollowersFollow 59,955SubscribersSubscribe About Contact Terms of Use Privacy Policy Advertise © 2008 - 2017 Android Community - Part of R3 Media LLC
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money What Will GDP Say About Economic Growth? DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Walmart to Eliminate 1,000 Corporate Positions Walmart is cutting 1,000 jobs, largely in its human resources department. Scott Gamm Jan 11, 2017 3:07 PM EST Walmart ( WMT) is cutting 1,000 jobs, largely in its human resources department. The cuts are expected to take place before the end of January, according to The Wall Street Journal. Walmart told TheStreet that no announcements have been made and that the company is "always looking for ways to operate more efficiently and effectively." Walmart made an additional 7,000 job cuts in September. If you liked this article you might like The Company That Makes Twinkies Will Shock Your Mouth In New Ways Soon Wow. Brian Sozzi Jan 15, 2017 7:34 AM EST Inauguration Week: All Eyes on Central Banks Leading up to Donald Trump's swearing-in ceremony on Jan. 20, the momentum on Wall Street belongs to financial services. John Persinos Jan 14, 2017 10:50 AM EST This Maker of Mini 'Star Wars' Figures Sees $1 Billion in Sales, Possible IPO Who would have thought. Brian Sozzi Jan 14, 2017 10:00 AM EST Walmart's C-Suite Is Being Ripped Apart Some Walmart and Jet.com executives will move to different roles. Laura Berman Jan 14, 2017 6:37 AM EST Trending Where to Get the Best Birthday Perks Here's Why Macy's Just Fired a Key Executive That Earned $900,000 a Year Watch Apple Try to Prove its Wacky New Airpods Won't Fall Out of Your Ears Most Outrageous Apple iPhone Cases You Just Have to See to Believe Ringling Brothers Circus Closes as Entertainment Companies Grapple With Animal Rights Questions Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
News Sports Life AV Review LV Leader Obits E-Edition Autos Jobs Homes Classifieds Site Archive Apple Valley Town Manager: Brown Act violation decision based on ‘incorrect facts’ Wednesday Jan 11, 2017 at 11:52 AM Jan 11, 2017 at 11:52 AM Matthew Cabe Staff Writer @DP_MatthewCabe APPLE VALLEY — The town’s chief employee has responded to last week’s appellate-court ruling related to Brown Act violations that made a ballot initiative passed by voters to bring a Wal-Mart Supercenter here illegal. After review of a 4th District Court of Appeal decision that upheld, in part, a trial court’s previous ruling, Town Manager Frank Robinson told the Daily Press the Town Council “will have to consider all of its options” going forward. “We are obviously disappointed in the Brown Act decision, especially as it was premised on some incorrect facts,” Robinson said in an emailed statement. “The trial court actually did not find that the decision to send the initiatives to the voters violated the Brown Act.” The trial court did find, however, that the Town Council’s August 2013 approval of a memorandum of understanding (MOU) with Wal-Mart did violate the Brown Act insofar as it was not agendized prior to the Council’s vote. It was that aspect of the ruling that the appellate court upheld. Documents show that “since the decision to place the Initiative on the ballot by the Town Council is null and void based on the Brown Act violation, the Initiative is null and void.” Town Attorney John Brown said attorneys for the town “attempted to explain the Brown Act distinction to the Court of Appeal during oral argument.” “However” he added, “the Court’s final decision did not reflect that discussion.” The MOU allowed the town to accept a gift from Wal-Mart to cover the costs of a special election related to the the initiative, known as Measure D. The trial court also ruled the initiative itself violated the California Constitution because it granted “special privileges on the ‘owner’ of the property, which is Wal-Mart," despite Wal-Mart not being named specifically as the owner. But a three-judge panel in the appellate court reversed that decision, stating in documents that because Wal-Mart could sell the property, "it would have no superior right over the subsequent owner or developer of the property.” “We are pleased that the Court reversed the decision on the Constitutional issue as it affirms the people’s power of initiative regarding land-use decisions,” Robinson said. “This decision has important statewide implications.” The appellate court found that upholding the violation would “extend” a section of the state’s Constitution, thus invalidating “any land-use initiative” because “one only would need to establish the company who intended to develop the property or owned the property, even though the Initiative itself makes no reference to the entity.” “We do not find anything in the legislative history or the language of the statute that (the section) was intended to be this broadly interpreted,” the judges said in documents. As for what’s next, Brown told the Daily Press on Tuesday a petition for California Supreme Court review is available to both sides in the case. Matthew Cabe can be reached at MCabe@VVDailyPress.com or at 760-951-6254. Follow him on Twitter @DP_MatthewCabe. About Us Sign up for daily e-mail Subscribe Reader Services Contact Us E-Paper Help Subscribe Now Report a Problem Online Services Newsletters/Alerts Archives Story Archive Obituary Archive Photo Archive Advertising Info Advertise with Us Propel Marketing © Copyright 2006-2017 GateHouse Media, LLC. Some rights reserved  •  GateHouse News Original content available for non-commercial use under a Creative Commons license, except where noted. VVdailypress.com ~ 13891 Park Ave, Victorville, CA, 92392 ~ Privacy Policy ~ Terms Of Service Close Home News Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville Crime Nation and World Shareable Databases Election 2016 Sports Adelanto Apple Valley Hesperia Victorville In The Dirt Auto Racing Entertainment Movies Travel Local Food Reviews Special Sections Calendar Life Community Cajon Pass Commuter Education Family Health Religion Opinion Editorials Letters Editor's Notebook This Desert Life Business Obits Customer Service About Us Contact Us e-Edition Login Place an Ad News Alerts Subscribe Media Kit Reader Services More Photos Videos Calendar CSD Voter Guide Place an Ad Sickweather Map Contests TV Guide Branded Content Lucerne Valley Leader Apple Valley Review Subscriber E-Edition Reader Services Subscribe News Alerts Market Place Classifieds Autos Jobs Homes Place an Ad Propel Marketing Services Feedback Terms of Use Privacy Policy GateHouse Media Publications
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Business First Look Why Wal-Mart is cutting office jobs, but sparing stores Many iconic retail chains are cutting back these days. But one year after raising the wages of its retail staff, Wal-Mart is instead cutting back at the corporate level. Monitor's Best: Top 5 Focus Terror and the Mexico border: How big a threat? Devices sprout ears: What do Alexa and Siri mean for privacy? For many, problems with Obamacare are personal, not partisan (+video) The surprising response to Trump son-in-law's new White House post Doing the math: Why 'Hidden Figures' adds up for moviegoers Popular Now Mysterious seadragon finally spotted alive – and caught on video First Look Scientists finally decode the Great Molasses Flood of 1919 Focus Terror and the Mexico border: How big a threat? First Look This star has a secret – even better than 'alien megastructures' First Look Was D.B. Cooper a Boeing worker? Photos of the weekend SUBSCRIBE Job postings are shown outside a new Walmart Super Center as the company opens its first store in Compton, California, on January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake | Caption Patrick Reilly Staff January 11, 2017 —Even the world’s largest retailer can’t avoid the challenges facing brick-and-mortar stores. Wal-Mart will soon cut hundreds of jobs from its Bentonville, Ark., headquarters and its regional offices, as The Wall Street Journal first reported this week. The announcement comes amid a downturn for some traditional retail stores. Macy’s and Sears are cutting back, as The Christian Science Monitor reported last week, as more consumers shop online or at discount-rack stores, although some segments, like fast fashion, have bucked the trend. Wal-Mart, which predicts flat earnings growth for its next fiscal year, is also feeling the pinch. “We are always looking for ways to operate more efficiently and effectively,” spokesman Greg Hitt told Fortune, although he did not confirm job cuts. But unlike other troubled chains, which have closed stores and laid off retail staff, Wal-Mart is cutting costs at the corporate level. Meanwhile, it’s continuing an expensive – and controversial – effort to improve its stores by paying workers more. For years, labor groups criticized Wal-Mart for its treatment of retail staff, including its wages and a lack of unions. A 2011 study from the University of California, Berkeley found that its employees earned an estimated 12.4 percent less than retail workers as a whole, and 14.5 percent less than workers in large retail in general. Last year, the chain announced a "two-year, $2.7 billion investment in workers," in which all employees hired before January 1st, 2016 would receive at least $10 per hour; new hires' wages would start at $9 per hour, but increase to $10 after they complete a training program. Ten companies with great starting wages Amid rising concerns about inequality and low minimum wages, this pay hike at the world’s largest retailer sparked debate. Some saw the wage hikes as a smart business decision that better motivated workers and reversed years of customer complaints about poor service. But others saw the wage increase as trouble for Wal-Mart’s bottom line, and dismissed some arguments in favor of it – such as the idea that better-paid employees would spend more in-store, helping to offset the losses of paying higher wages.  Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign-Up × Other critics argued the wage hike didn't go far enough, as the Monitor reported in 2015: But advocates for low-wage workers, while supporting the wage boost, say the pay increases will have minimal effect on workers' lives without a full workweek. Companies like Wal-Mart have turned the scheduling of part-time workers into a science, says Tsedeye Gebreselassie, senior staff attorney with the National Employment Law Project. Computer programs used by Wal-Mart and other large retail outlets piece together employee schedules and are frequently programmed to keep employees' hours below the threshold where benefits kick in, she says. “These are super-sophisticated programs that work in real time calculating to the minute based on customer traffic, calling people in to work and sending them home accordingly,” she says. “Working there makes it nearly impossible to plan a stable budget, have another job, or go to schools.” This week's job-cutting news comes as the latest of several Wal-Mart cost-cutting measures which have left white-collar employees in Bentonville uneasy. In September, the company announced it would cut 7,000 back-office positions; last October, it eliminated 450 positions at headquarters, a move it said would make Wal-Mart more "nimble." But unlike their counterparts at Sears or Macy’s, the sales associates at your local Wal-Mart are probably breathing a sigh of relief. Print/Reprints Next Up Ten companies with great starting wages By Bailey Bischoff Change Agent Rural residents pool cash to save last local gathering places By Scott McFetridge The New Economy Despite hard times for Macy’s and Sears, physical retail stores are booming By Lonnie Shekhtman Photos of the Day Photos of the weekend Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying $11million Paris robbery Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a vicious cop killer Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog in his car because she was unhappy in her marriage' Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 What do you think, Watson? Did Russia's state broadcaster LEAK the latest episode of BBC's Sherlock? More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant to 'delegitimize' President-elect  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California governor' Previous Next 'Somebody stop him': Eerie video shows pregnant woman joking her boyfriend would kill her, weeks before he shot her dead and went on the run killing two other police officers Markeith Loyd is wanted for killing pregnant girlfriend Sade Dixon in December The pair appeared in playful videos together weeks before her death last year In one eerie clip, she joked that he would 'kill her' with his dangerous driving Loyd went on the run after Dixon's death and shot a police officer on Monday Another cop died in the search for him after being hit by a van on his motorcycle His friend Zarghee Mayan was arrested for helping him evade police on Tuesday Police in Orlando have vowed to use every resource to hunt Loyd 'to the end of the earth'   By Jennifer Smith and Regina F. Graham For Dailymail.com Published: 14:18 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 20:22 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail 34 shares 1 View comments An eerie video of an Orlando man wanted for the deaths of his pregnant girlfriend and two police officers has surfaced showing his partner joking that he would kill her. Markeith Loyd is on the run in Florida after shooting veteran police officer Master Sgt. Debra Thomas Clayton outside a Walmart on Monday.  Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis died after being hit by a car while on his patrol motorcycle during search for Loyd on the same day.  The 41-year-old is believed to have killed his pregnant girlfriend Sade Dixon in December.  In videos on his Facebook page taken before her death, the seemingly loved-up pair joked in his car about how he would eventually kill her with his manic driving.  Scroll down for video  Markeith Loyd, who is wanted for killing his pregnant girlfriend Sade Dixon (right) in December, appeared with her in an eerie video weeks earlier where she predicted he would cause her death  In the footage, Dixon told the camera jokingly that she wouldn't live 'past 25' because of Loyd after the pair were pulled over by a traffic cop.  'Someone stop this man, someone stop him,' she laughed to the camera in one clip the pair filmed together.  'This man, he has to be stopped. He has to be stopped, somebody stop him! He has to be stopped. I'm not going to live past 25. 'I'm not going to make it. Not like this. I might as well pray every day and make sure I make it into heaven. Loyd , 41, went on the run after her death last year  'I don't know what I was getting myself in to or what I signed up for.'  Loyd received a warning from a police officer moments earlier for driving without a seat belt. His girlfriend also joked: 'Go ahead and kill him, babe, so we can get home faster.'   Dixon was shot dead outside her home on December 13, just over a month after the video was taken. She was three months pregnant at the time.   Officers wanted to speak with her boyfriend in connection with the killing but he evaded them.   On Monday, he is believed to have gunned down Master Sgt. Debra Thomas Clayton outside a Walmart in Orlando. He fled the supermarket after the shooting, with witnesses describing how he fired into the 11-year police veteran's cruiser.  RELATED ARTICLES Previous 1 Next Utah repo man sobs as he's sentenced up to 15 years in... Florida man, 83, 'shoots dead widow after she knocked on his... Share this article Share While searching for him afterwards, Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was hit by a van.  He later died of his injuries. Police say Loyd may face charges for his death once captured.    Dixon, 24, was gunned down outside her home in Pine Hills, Orlando, on December 14  Orlando Police Department Master Sgt. Debra Thomas Clayton (left) was shot dead outside of a Pine Hills Walmart store on Monday. During the early hours of the manhunt for Loyd, Orange County Sheriff's Deputy Norman Lewis (right)  was killed in a crash as authorities gave pursuit Police Chief John Mina stated that Loyd could face charges of first-degree murder of a law enforcement officer in relation to Lewis' death (crash scene above) A boot lies on Pine Hills Road on Monday after Lewis, an 11-year veteran, was struck by a van while responding to the manhunt for Loyd The hunt for him entered its second day on Wednesday as police stumped up a $100,000 for information.  Zarghee Mayan was arrested on Tuesday for assisting Loyd escape arrest Zarghee Mayan was arrested on Tuesday for assisting Loyd escape arrest.  Police believe he was with the man as recently as Saturday and was helping him hide from authorities after Dixon's murder.  He told police Loyd had been wearing a bullet proof vest since his girlfriend's death, according to Click Orlando.  Loyd has served 10 years in prison and five years probation for conspiracy with intent to distribute cocaine, according to federal court records. Back in 1999 he was sentenced to prison and was released from probation in 2014. A November post on his Facebook page says: 'Goals!!!! To be on Americas most wanted'. Orlando Police Chief John Mina vowed to use all of the department's resources to hunt the man on Tuesday.  Clayton's flag-draped coffin (above) was removed from Orlando Regional Medical Center and was provided a police escort from the hospital hours after her fatal shooting 'We will track him down to the ends of the earth,' he said during a press conference. 'Debra Clayton is a hero, and she gave her life to protect the community she loves,' 'She will be deeply missed,' he added.  Clayton, who was one of the first officers to respond to the Pulse nightclub massacre on June 12, was married with a college-age son. She is described by colleagues and those who knew her as a person who always gave back to the community and loved helping others. A November post on his Facebook page says: 'Goals!!!! To be on Americas most wanted' Police are offering a $100,000 reward for information on Loyd's whereabouts. He is believed to be driving a hijacked car (not pictured)  A GoFundMe page has been created to raise funds for Clayton's funeral costs. In 17 hours, more than $16,600 has been donated towards the $20,000 goal. Florida Gov. Rick Scott said he was 'heartbroken and angered' over the loss of lives. Lewis played college football and earned a bachelor's degree in criminal justice from the University of Central Florida. The Monday morning shooting happened just after 7.15am, as police say Clayton had been shopping in the store and was outside putting bags in the trunk of her car when someone told her that Loyd, a suspect wanted in connection with the December murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, may have been inside the store. The 17-year veteran was heading back into the store alone and had radioed in at 7.17am 'to say that she was attempting to contact a murder suspect,' Mina said. She told the suspect to 'stop', but he immediately fired multiple shots at her before fleeing the scene, authorities said. At 7.19am, officers radioed in to say Clayton had been shot and the first responding officers on scene began CPR on Clayton. She was pronounced dead at 7.40am at Orlando Regional Medical Center. Loyd then carjacked a vehicle before getting out and running off, police said.  He is considered to be armed and dangerous and police are asking anyone who knows his whereabouts to please call 1-800-423-TIPS.  Share or comment on this article e-mail 34 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (1) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood She's usually seen in her beloved active wear 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga Sweet picture shows him relaxing at home Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape 'I am incredibly sorry for my actions': Meghan Markle's half-brother apologizes to his family for drunken incident that saw him put a gun to his girlfriend's head  Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  Enjoying reconciliation Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt     DON'T MISS Momager dearest: Pushy A-list mothers don't just want the best for their children - these 'mummy managers' want it all Victoria Beckham is one Dick Gautier best known for playing Hymie The Robot in the 1960s sitcom Get Smart dies at age 85 The actor passed away on Friday night  'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with Reese Witherspoon 'We talk about everything' A roofdeck with Empire State views and a Jacuzzi bathroom: Fox News anchor Shep Smith puts his $4.9m condo on the market for the second time Robin Thicke takes police to ex's home after son refuses to leave mom's side: Singer leaves empty handed after cops refuse to take child against his will 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check Looking fresh-faced President Obama says he and the First Family are ready to leave the 'bubble' of the White House and reveals Michelle has never liked the spotlight 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico 'Periods can be unpredictable!' Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer speaks out after paparazzi caught her with a blood stain on her white bikini Mohamed Hadid, 68, enjoys date night with glamorous fiancée Shiva Safai, 30... as ex-wife Yolanda steps out solo Yolanda is a real housewife 'In a Marilyn Monroe mood': Courtney Stodden channels her favorite Hollywood icon by sipping wine while posing in red bra and skirt Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip She also rode a dune buggy in the desert  He gets the cars and she gets the dogs! Johnny Depp and Amber Heard divide up their assets as their divorce is finalised  Court documents reveal Mario Lopez among the victims of California mudslide chaos: Backyard of star's $2m hillside mansion collapses onto the street below after record rainstorms  Billie Lourd vacations in Cabo with boyfriend Taylor Lautner... after deaths of mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Getting away from it all Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo Cute kitten! By George! Babywear duo celebrate $6m backing for US growth after Royal Prince steps out in robe and slippers When he met US President Obama Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen She'll play a secretary 'Now THAT'S a legend!': Tom Jones has his fellow judges on their feet and sends Twitter into a frenzy with his rendition of Great Balls of Fire on The Voice UK Proud dad David Beckham shares sweet photo of daughter Harper's ballet shoes on Instagram... after busy week at London Fashion Week Men's Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC Split! Zoey Deutch and boyfriend Avan Jogia end their relationship after five years together A source told the publication that the split was 'amicable'  Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Competition! 'The choice will always be them': Nicole Kidman, 49, reveals she opted out of Broadway stop of Photograph 51 to be with her daughters Opening up Hugh Bonneville's bottom line: I'll do a Downton Abbey film... but please take my name off the dog's behind!  Cute labrador 'I believe in democracy': Nicole Kidman hits out at critics who branded her a 'Trump supporter' after BBC interview Fans were shocked Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  No suit and tie for this rapper! Snoop Dogg, 45, keeps it casual in Adidas jacket as he hits LA hotspot Catch The 45-year-old rapper spent some time with one of his sons  'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX Having a laugh Heroic former New York Giants football player rescues elderly man trapped on a burning roof Ex-New York Giants linebacker Cole Farrand Californians prefer Narcos while Florida binges on Bloodline: Top Netflix shows viewed in each state are revealed - and most like watching shows filmed close to home 'So jet lagged I can't sleep': Kim Kardashian plays with Snapchat filters as she suffers from insomnia in Dubai The 36-year-old star is back on social media Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking success as profits hit $2.5m The Middleton family stayed there before the Royal Wedding in 2011 Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want Gavin Rossdale Sliding down the banister and checking out the view: Jenna Bush Hager shares images of Sasha and Malia Obama's very first visit to the White House It's no yolk! Gwyneth Paltrow's website Goop is selling eccentric stone sex eggs which improve 'orgasms and muscle tone' Shared tips Jet-setting taking its toll? Make-up free Kendall Jenner displays blemished complexion as she touches down in NYC The 21-year-old model  Grocery run! Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani take her son Apollo shopping in Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Have been dating a year EXCLUSIVE: Padma Lakshmi and ex Adam Dell spotted together five years after custody test proved millionaire  was the father of Top Chef host's daughter  Honeymoon bliss? Newlyweds Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley share romantic beachside snap from mystery holiday location Instagram snap She's a classic! Jennifer Lopez shows of her iconic bottom in tight leggings during shopping trip in Beverly Hills Rocked a sporty look That's my boy! Jennifer Hudson melts the hearts of viewers by bringing sweet son David onstage to help her judge in new episode of The Voice 'I signed the contract': Chase McNary found out he wasn't The Bachelor the day before Nick Viall was announced Didn't make the cut for the popular dating show No flashback necessary! 50-year-old Cindy Crawford looks stunning in a makeup-free selfie on Instagram At her Malibu home Fadi Fawaz looks downbeat as he grabs a coffee near lover George Michael's London home as it emerges he called his nephew after discovering the singer's body  Worth its weight in gold! Caitlyn Jenner treats herself to 24-carat facial... ahead of controversial appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration 'He was basically committing suicide': Lamar Odom admits his Nevada brothel bender was 'despicable'... after revealing he wants 'wife' Khloe back 'Saint' George Michael immortalised in mural by Sydney street artist behind infamous Kanye kissing Kanye painting The work of artist Scott Marsh Nick Jonas rocks a slick tailored look as he hits the FROW at Emporio Armani during Milan Men's Fashion Week A double-breasted suit  Taking the high road! Gerard Butler goes on hike with ex-girlfriend Morgan Brown...two months after it was claimed they called it quits Coordinated couple! Kylie Jenner and Tyga lounge about in black hoodies in Beverly Hills Lounging about against a planter in the middle of the pavement His Dreamgirl! Eddie Murphy, 55, and girlfriend Paige Butcher, 37, go on coffee run hand in hand in Studio City Pair looked content  Jaden Smith gets creative with his camera on the streets of NYC... before confessing his fear of telling father Will he has 'failed' in social media meltdown Bella Hadid puts on a brave face as she steps out in New York amid claims she feels 'betrayed by pal Selena Gomez dating her ex The Weeknd' Mariah Carey, 46, showcases her toned pins in skintight leggings as she enjoys dinner with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka, 33, and children in London Ryan Gosling keeps things casually cool in a biker jacket and sunglasses as he touches down in LA after glitzy La La Land screening in London Make-up free Alicia Keys rocks double denim and funky patterned trousers as she touches down in LA The soulful singer cut a stylish figure 'It will sell out in minutes': Fifty Shades franchise to be turned into a MUSICAL after author E.L. James 'embarks on secret talks with theatre bosses' Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  'I rue the day I had that thought': Woody Harrelson admits nerves ahead of his upcoming LIVE movie Lost In London co-starring Owen Wilson Helena Bonham Carter flaunts her eclectic style as she wraps up in dolly coat while enjoying a sandwich in New York The 50-year-old actress displayed her kooky style 'Well that backfired!': CBB bosses face furious backlash from fans as Austin Armacost's awkward SHOCK eviction leaves viewers puzzled Rupert Grint joins Bryan Cranston at Crackle press conference as the Harry Potter star promotes new TV series in the UK Hogwarts alum 'Ready to partyyyyyy!' Sofia Vergara posts festive Instagram photos from belated 40th birthday party for husband Joe Manganiello What!? Kim Kardashian's jaw drops after she incorrectly guesses carat weight of her gorgeous diamond engagement ring Impressive knowledge Arriving in style! Gigi Hadid wears all black outfit topped with orange knit hat for evening flight to New York Hid behind her outfit  'We didn't kiss for a very long time': Jessica Biel reveals she took things slow with husband Justin Timberlake at start of their romance 'I was sort of caught off guard': Nick Viall admits he felt 'a little uncomfortable' by topless Corinne Olympios on The Bachelor Saint West screams with horror as he meets Santa Claus while concerned big sister North looks on Trip to Father Christmas didn't go as planned  Birthday in paradise! Kristin Cavallari celebrates turning 30th in Mexico wearing bikini by Audrina Patridge Showed off her toned tummy on the milestone 'Your siblings are worth a thousand friends': Yolanda Hadid shares sweet snap of her three children Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid Adorable trio Blonde moment! Kylie Jenner flaunts her cleavage in tiny negligee while teasing secret new project Showed off her curves in dark photos  Kat Graham is leggy and lovely in velvet at the swanky opening of New York City's BUILD Studio The Switzerland-born stunner wore an eccentric outfit   Johnny Depp sues 'fraudulent' business managers for $25MILLION after he was forced to sell his French village to settle his debts  Top of the crops! Jessica Hart showcases her toned midriff and arms as she flashes the flesh at the GEM Awards Showed off some skin She's certainly not shy! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray poses NAKED in sultry selfie... six months after skinny dip with the pop star 'It's like going to rehab!' Chris Harrison reveals The Bachelor secrets... and what he really thinks of Nick Viall Has hosted Bachelor Nation for 14 years  Right at home! Teresa Giudice, 44, showcases slender physique in clingy beaded jumpsuit during photo shoot in her house  Sparkled for a shoot Cheap eats! Denise Richards, 45, looks effortlessly stunning and shows her thrifty side as she grabs a budget sandwich with daughter Sam 'Mad love for this one': Britney Spears tweets steamy shirtless photo of rumoured boyfriend Sam Asghari Sent fans crazy with snap of alleged flame  Bombshell in black! Lady Gaga bares her midriff in skimpy crop top as she heads to Starbucks with a friend Went for an out-of-character casual look  Pretty Little Liars star Lucy Hale and her boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta share a laugh as they stock up on groceries together in Los Angeles  How Emma Stone plotted her path to Hollywood to combat crippling anxiety: An inspiring story with uncanny echoes of her story behind La La Land  Today's headlines Most Read College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS... 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian... The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who’s studied the... Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and... Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex... Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the... Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is... Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens... 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is... Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by... How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a... Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog... Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk... Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those... Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged... Did Russia's state broadcaster leak the latest episode of Sherlock? BBC launches investigation after... More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent... Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on... Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling... Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day after... Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant... Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's... REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California... 'Trump's election has led to a deep sense of uncertainty': Incoming president 'casts a shadow' over Davos... ‘I’ll make Brexit a great thing’: Trump promises Britain a quick and fair trade deal with America but... Thousands across the country march in support of Obamacare as Republicans come weeks away from repealing it Reince Preibus warns ethics chief to 'be careful' after he accused Donald Trump of risking a conflict of... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration... MORE HEADLINES 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for 'pathetic' video which shows them singing 'I Will Survive' about Trump's inauguration US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making him the TWELFTH GI from the Texas base to die in the last two months as investigators probe bizarre cluster of suicides, accidents and fatal fights at the base Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as a baby as she weeps and tells abductor 'mom' who raised her that she loves her in court Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for first time since she was snatched at birth from hospital 18 years ago by woman who she grew up with and called 'mom' Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration dress rehearsal - but will Hillary and Bill look so delighted to be there on the day? 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying £8.5million Paris robbery Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used by plane manufacturer in thrilling discovery that could reopen one of America's most mystifying cases Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father: Prince, 34, to end career as a helicopter pilot but he will not fulfill as many duties as Prince Charles, 68, because he doesn't want to 'elbow him out of the way' 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over discredited Russian hotel sex claims with a stream of bathroom jokes as SNL returns with a splash!  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent row during late night drinking session at his flat' Healthy and devoted father, 48, dies suddenly from meningitis - as his SoulCycle class of 200 are warned they too are now at risk of catching the killer infection  When pimple popping goes wrong: Disgusting moment puss coats a cell phone camera filming the moment a man squeezes a cyst  Moment a furious wife kick boxes her husband's mistress in the head NINE times after discovering their affair Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex with his 15-year-old stepdaughter' Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to anti-depressants and COCA-COLA Mother started having sex with her son, 12, when he came into her bed because he was sick - and made him feel 'important and special' as he was hitting puberty Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest  How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady The spy who believes Hitler may have faked his own death: Classified documents reveal that the Fuhrer may have used a secret runway to escape his Berlin bunker flee to South America in a Luftwaffe plane Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' 'This is my vehicle, sir': Shocking moment black Northwestern University PhD student is beaten and cuffed when cops refuse to believe he owns the Chevy he's driving  Russian model sues married millionaire 'sugar daddy' claiming he kicked her out of his Manhattan pad and swiped her $8k Rolex after she stopped having sex with him 2017's luckiest man: Casino punter shows off in front of his friends by betting $35,000 on a single roulette spin - and winning $3.5M when his number comes in More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Gang of six teen girls punched woman, 28, in the face for shaking her head because they were arguing with an elderly passenger on the subway Donald blasted after he hits back at civil rights hero John Lewis on MLK weekend who claimed Trump will not be a 'legitimate' president MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Retail BI Intelligence Events Trending Tech Insider Finance Politics Strategy Life Sports Video All × From To You have successfully emailed the post. × 
     

 Walmart is poised for a digital shopping spree BI Intelligence Jan. 11, 2017, 12:43 PM 2,389 facebook linkedin twitter email print BI Intelligence See Also Walmart acquires ShoeBuy for $70M Here's how Walmart and Green Dot could incentivize prepaid use Walmart tightens grip on online grocery This story was delivered to BI Intelligence "E-Commerce Briefing" subscribers. To learn more and subscribe, please click here. Last week, Walmart announced the acquisition of e-commerce pureplay ShoeBuy.com for $70 million in a deal that will bolster the footwear inventory on the retail giant's e-commerce subsidiary, Jet.com. Now, it seems that as Walmart attempts to grow online revenue, which accounts for only 3% of total sales, similar acquisitions could be in the pipeline. Walmart plans to spend $1.1 billion to bolster e-commerce operations in the year ahead, according to Motley Fool. Walmart is increasing inventory in niche categories. Marc Lore, Walmart’s head of e-commerce and Jet’s former CEO, indicated that categories with long-tail, high-margin products are top priority for acquisition targets. ShoeBuy fits this characteristic, and Walmart will likely target similar apparel-focused companies in the year ahead. Walmart still does not rank in the top 10 online retailers apparel retailers, and a buy-versus-build strategy better positions the company to increase inventory quickly.   But Walmart needs to invest in the customer experience, too. Jet.com struggles with customer loyalty, with 70% of total sales coming from new customers as of February 2016, according to Slice Intelligence. Although acquiring smaller companies to boost inventory is a step in the right direction, Walmart will have to refine the customer journey to compete with the likes of Amazon and other successful online retailers. These types of investments could help Walmart become a stronger e-commerce player. Walmart's online sales grew nearly 21% year-over-year (YoY) in Q3 2016, with gross merchandise volume (GMV) increasing over 28% YoY, excluding the recently sold Yihaodian division. This is a notable improvement from Q2 2016 when online sales and GMV grew 12% and 13%, respectively, YoY. As customers increasingly shift to digital, we expect Walmart to place more focus on increasing its inventory and merchant base for Walmart Marketplace, while scooping up online pureplays that can boost sales on Jet.com. Of course, none of this will matter if customers don't complete the purchase process. This is a major point of emphasis for online retailers that are trying to reduce shopping cart abandonment and get online shoppers to finish the transaction. BI Intelligence, Business Insider's premium research service, has compiled a detailed report on shopping cart abandonment that explains what leads a shopper to abandon an online purchase and how retailers can begin to combat rising shopping cart abandonment rates. The report collects and analyzes data from top e-commerce companies, as well as thoughts from industry experts whose job it is to reduce abandonment rates and boost conversions, to come up with a number of solutions that can help retailers recover lost sales. Here are some key points from the report: Shopping cart abandonment is increasing, and it will continue to do so as more consumers shift to online and mobile shopping. In 2013, as many as 74% of online shopping carts were abandoned by shoppers, according to data shared with BI Intelligence by e-commerce data company, Barilliance. That abandonment rate is up from 72% in 2012, and 69% in 2011. An abandoned shopping cart does not automatically translate to a "lost sale," because three-fourths of shoppers who have abandoned shopping carts say they plan to return to the retailer's website or store to make a purchase, according to data from SeeWhy. Online-only retailers are at a disadvantage to "omnichannel" retailers in this respect because they have fewer channels through which to recover lost sales. Retailers can reduce the rate of abandonment and increase conversions by streamlining the checkout process and also by retargeting shoppers with emails after they've left a website. Initial emails, sent three hours after a consumer abandons a cart, average a 40% open rate and a 20% click-through rate, according to Listrak. More broadly, an abandoned shopping cart should be seen as part of the increasingly complex series of steps a consumer might take before finally making a purchase and a strong indicator of consumer interest in a product or a brand. Technology that helps retailers collect and leverage online shopping cart data is likely to be a worthwhile investment. In full, the report: Explains the complex relationship between consumers and retailers and outlines reasons why shoppers abandon a purchase. Includes interviews with executives from top retailers and marketing agencies who talk about what they are doing to reduce shopping cart abandonment. Proposes a list of solutions that are proven to reduce shopping cart abandonment for online retailers. Forecasts where this trend is going and how shopping cart abandonment will affect retailers — bricks-and-mortars and e-commerce companies alike — in the future. To get your copy of this invaluable guide, choose one of these options: Subscribe to an ALL-ACCESS Membership with BI Intelligence and gain immediate access to this report AND over 100 other expertly researched deep-dive reports, subscriptions to all of our daily newsletters, and much more. >> START A MEMBERSHIP Purchase the report and download it immediately from our research store. >> BUY THE REPORT The choice is yours. But however you decide to acquire this report, you’ve given yourself a powerful advantage in your understanding of why consumers are abandoning their carts. More: BI Intelligence BI Intelligence Content Marketing eCommerce Walmart E-Commerce Shopping Cart Abandonment facebook linkedin twitter email print × Recommended For You Powered by Sailthru Walmart is poised for a digital shopping spree Walmart is poised for a digital shopping spree This story was delivered to BI Intelligence... Follow us on: Also check out: * Copyright © 2017 Business Insider Inc. All rights reserved. Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Disclaimer Commerce Policy Made in NYC Stock quotes by finanzen.net International Editions: UK DE AUS ID IN MY SG PL SE NL FR IT
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices The idiot's guide to laundering $9 million Forbes Lauren Gensler 4 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL How to prepare for 2017 Social Security changes 21 expensive products that cost way more than they should Step one: Use stolen credit card information to buy a boatload of gift cards. Step two: Try to sell those gift cards online for millions of dollars without getting caught.  If there’s one way that criminals love to use your stolen credit card information, it’s to rush out and buy a pile of gift cards for popular retailers like Walmart, Target and Amazon. Gift cards are easy to spend or sell and notoriously difficult to track. However, as it turns out, that anonymity goes out of the window when you pull out a computer to sell those gift cards online. In a recent scheme described in a previously unreported federal court case, some person or persons based in Florida bought 45,000 gift cards for Walmart and other stores with stolen card info and then sold them on gift card exchange site Raise.com. The gift cards’ face value ranged from $2 to $2,000 each and were sold for a total of $9 million on Raise. (A spokesperson for the United States District Court for the Southern District of Florida declined to comment on whether the fraudster was, indeed, a Florida man.) The wrinkle? Authorities got onto the scam while it was still ongoing. Raise was tipped off by federal prosecutors and asked to keep the fraudsters’ account open, Raise CEO George Bousis told Forbes, whose company has facilitated the sale of almost $1 billion in gift cards since it was founded in 2013. “It’s ridiculous. We have your social security number, IP address, all your bank information,” says Bousis, referencing some of the information you have to enter in order to sell gift cards in bulk on his site. “I’m not sure how some of these people think they’re going to get away with it.” In recent years, sites like Raise, Gift Card Granny and CardCash have popped up to facilitate the inevitable offloading of unwanted gift cards. (Some $91 billion will likely be added onto gift cards in the U.S. this year, according to Mercator Advisory Group.) To reduce fraud, Raise and other sites require extensive information from sellers and give a 100-day guarantee to buyers. This has helped keep criminals at bay, even as they are increasingly flocking to gift cards to launder money, drawn largely by their difficultly to track. The misuse of gift cards has escalated in the wake of high-profile hacks at Home Depot, Target and other retailers, which has put legions of credit card information in unsavory hands. The card data can be replicated on a physical credit card in a fashion that’s similar to creating fake IDs for underage drinkers. Then accomplices holding those fake cards march into stores, use them to scoop up gift cards and sell the ill-gotten cards at pawn shops or mall kiosks. “The real world of liquidating gift cards is face to face,” says T. Jack Williams, president of ERAD Group, which equips police with a device to read prepaid cards and freeze or seize the assets. “Criminals don’t like the online guys because they’re not getting cash and they’re leaving a trail.” The scheme out of Florida is a good example of what not to do. The investigation, spearheaded by the feds, ultimately relied on cooperation from some of the world’s biggest retailers, banks and media companies. Take Walmart, which sold $1.3 million in gift cards to the fraudster and was tasked with reviewing a sampling of them. It found that 200 cards were purchased at Walmart stores across the country. The majority of the credit and debit cards that were used, according to the banks, were ultimately closed due to fraudulent activity traced back to Walmart. Authorities were then able to go to Raise to see how the scheme generated $7.5 million in proceeds (down from $9 million after the company took its fees and commissions), which was funneled into bank accounts, including ones held at Citi and Wells Fargo. This money was withdrawn, in cash, within a matter of days. Raise provided the IP address associated with the account to help track down the fraudster. It was linked to Comcast, which, under subpoena, provided customer records that contained a street address. Prosecutors visited the address and seized $442,081 in cash. The defendant was seen making a getaway and “exiting that location with a black briefcase,” according to court documents. Unfortunately, it typically isn’t this easy to follow the money. Once a gift card leaves the store, that’s usually the end of the story, which poses a unique challenge to law enforcement. “Had the 9/11 terrorists used prepaid (stored-value) cards to cover their expenses, none of these financial footprints would have been available,” observed a U.S. Treasury Department report. The IRS has declared prepaid cards “the currency of criminals.” In order to prevent this type of fraud, many retailers are tightening their sales policies. At Walmart, you must show identification for gift card purchases of $5,000 or more, according to a spokesperson, and store managers have the authority to halt a transaction at any point. In 2014, drugstore chain CVS began requiring identification for $300 or more in gift card purchases; it also won’t let you walk out of the store with more than $2,000 in gift cards in a given day. “We have seen significant progress in this area over the years,” says Carol Van Cleef, a lawyer at BakerHostetler who specializes in anti-money laundering in the prepaid card space. The controls that have been put in place by Walmart and CVS go beyond what the law requires. Under the Bank Secrecy Act, a company that sells more than $10,000 in gift cards in a day to a single person paying in cash must file a suspicious activity report with the federal government’s Financial Crimes Enforcement Network. However there are no requirements for reporting purchases made with a credit card, including those made online. Retailers, of course, want to sell as many gift cards as possible. They also want to keep regular customers happy. “There’s always going to be concern about how to keep the lines moving but adequately protect ourselves,” says Van Cleef. For now, banks are the ones that lose out when things head south. When you call your credit card issuer and tell them about fraudulent activity on your card, they are the ones to make you whole. The rules vary if you’re using a debit card, but if you report the fraud right away, you should be covered. “Issuers are losing billions of dollars,” says Williams. “It’s an epidemic.” Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More From Forbes 30 Under 30 Europe: Reinventing Industry With Flying Cars And A Better Picture Hanger Forbes Meet Europe's 30 Under 30 Marketing And Media Masters Forbes Meet The 30 Entrepreneurs Under 30 Changing The Way Europe Shops Forbes 30 Under 30 Europe: These Are The Stars Shaping The World Of Finance In 2017 Forbes Forbes View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Overcast70° FULL FORECASTOvercast70° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Nation Ringling Bros. circus to close in May after 146 years US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Democrats rally across the country to save and expand Obamacare Deputies say teen was accidentally shot in the back in Seminole Thousands attend Bernie Sanders-led rallies to support Obama health law Tampa Bay Frongman Swim raises funds, awareness of fallen SEALs News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup FLORIDA GUNS, PART 1: More guns could mean safer citizens, advocates argue Top News Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over tweets, Russia News conferences could be moved out of the White House, Priebus says Trump feud with civil rights icon Lewis could be harbinger of new hyper-partisanship (w/video) Trump-Lewis feud could be harbinger of new round of hyper-partisanship Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More TV and Radio Jones: UConn women, Patriots highlight weekend with impressive streaks Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Lightning's Callahan to miss another four weeks Jones: UConn women, Patriots highlight weekend with impressive streaks Fennelly: Warmer, fuzzier, less crazy (maybe) Tortorella is winning again Emergency NHL goalie: The most unusual 1-day job in sports Competition in outfield can only benefit Rays Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times The Feed What to watch this weekend: 'The Young Pope,' 'Victoria,' History Channel special on President Obama Top News Sheryl Oring wants to hear your stories for a Tampa International Airport art installation Monster truck drivers visited the Children's Medical Center Review: 'Grounded,' a small production with one actor, delivers a powerful message With attendance flat, Disney brings back Florida resident deal Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: A fitting end to wet-foot, dry-foot policy for Cubans Top Opinion Samuelson: Obama's (tentative) legacy Leonard Pitts Jr.: Godspeed, Mr. President Brooks: Do markets work in health care? Editorial: A fitting end to wet-foot, dry-foot policy for Cubans Editorial: Finally, equality on Florida birth certificates Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Human Interest At 17, she gave him up and 45 years later, her son called Top News Monster truck drivers visited the Children's Medical Center Bancroft: Book lover Obama has been an inspirational reader in chief Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Hernando Bloodmobile for Jan. 13 By Jean Hamilton, Times Staff Writer JEAN HAMILTONTampa Bay Times Wednesday, January 11, 2017 12:17pm Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Bloodmobile locations Related News/Archive Hometown Hernando for Jan. 13 4 Days Ago Hernando Briefs for Jan. 13 4 Days Ago Hernando Business digest for Jan. 13 6 Days Ago LifeSouth Community Blood Center will have blood drives at the following off-site locations during the coming week. Jan. 13: 9 a.m. to noon, AutoNation Ford, 7200 Broad St., Brooksville; 12:30 to 3:30 p.m., Hernando County Department of Public Works, 1525 E Jefferson St., Brooksville; noon to 7 p.m., Walmart, 1485 Commercial Way, Spring Hill; 10:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m., Bayfront Health Brooksville, 17240 Cortez Blvd., Brooksville. Jan. 14: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m., Lowe's, 4780 Commercial Way, Spring Hill; 11 a.m. to 6 p.m., Marshalls department store, 7143 Coastal Blvd., west of Brooksville. Jan. 15: 8 a.m. to 1 p.m., Grace World Outreach Church, 20366 Cortez Blvd., Brooksville; 8 a.m. to 2 p.m., St. Theresa Catholic Church, 1107 Commercial Way, Spring Hill; 2:30 to 4:30 p.m., Walmart, 1485 Commercial Way, Spring Hill; 1:30 to 5 p.m., Walmart, 7305 Broad St., Brooksville. Jan. 16: 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m., Walmart, 1485 Commercial Way, Spring Hill; 2:30 to 6 p.m., Walmart, 7305 Broad St., Brooksville; 11 a.m. to 2 p.m., Heron Point Health and Rehabilitation, 1445 Howell Ave., Brooksville. Jan. 17: 10:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m., Walmart, 13300 Cortez Blvd., Spring Hill; 11 a.m. to 6 p.m., Walmart, 7305 Broad St., Brooksville. Jan. 18: 4 to 6:30 p.m., Alumi-Guard, 2401 Corporate Blvd., south of Brooksville; 9 a.m. to 3 p.m., Wellington at Seven Hills clubhouse, 400 Wexford Blvd., Spring Hill; 3:30 to 5:30 p.m., Walgreens, 4096 Mariner Blvd., Spring Hill. Jan. 19: 7 a.m. to 3 p.m., Springstead High School, 3000 Mariner Blvd., Spring Hill. The blood center, at 12395 Cortez Blvd., Spring Hill, is open from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Sundays, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays, and from 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturdays. Donors must be 16 or older (16-year-olds must have written parental consent). All donors must present photo identification. For information, call (352) 596-2002. Hernando Bloodmobile for Jan. 13 01/11/17 [Last modified: Wednesday, January 11, 2017 5:26pm] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Login _ Social Sharing Find TechSpot on... Facebook YouTube Twitter Google+ Subscribe to TechSpot RSS Get our weekly newsletter Search TechSpot Trending Hardware The Web Culture Mobile Gaming Apple Microsoft Google Reviews Outstanding Laptops Graphics Smartphones CPUs Storage Cases Keyboard & Mice Features Must Reads PC Buying Guide Hardware Software Gaming Tips & Tricks Best Of Downloads Latest Downloads Popular Apps Editors Picks Device Drivers Product Finder New Releases New PC Games Laptops Smartphones Routers Storage Motherboards Monitors Forums Community Activity Today's Posts Features Opinion The NES Classic was my favorite holiday gift. Now here's what Nintendo should improve for the SNES version By Shawn Knight on January 11, 2017 TechSpot Popular Comparing Team Communication Apps: What Do You Get for Free? 23 comments This 74-year-old Grandpa is losing the game he has played since 1999 (and it'll touch your heart) 19 comments Nintendo Switch details: $300, March 3 release, online service requires paid subscription, more Weekend tech reading: Galaxy S8 revealed, the dumbest stuff at CES, inside BitTorrent's collapse 10 comments Watch the Nintendo Switch hands-on event in Tokyo 18 comments Alleged backdoor discovered in WhatsApp could allow governments to read encrypted messages Pandora is cutting seven percent of its US-based workforce 19 comments HTC's latest flagship smartphone looks like a cross between the LG V20 and Galaxy Note 7 83 Facebook Twitter Google Plus RSS Comments Nintendo finished 2016 on a high note thanks to the release and continuing popularity of global phenomenon Pokémon Go, the arrival of the NES Classic Edition in November, and the launch of Super Mario Run for mobile Apple devices in mid-December. Diehard Pokémon and Mario fans may disagree, but for me the most interesting of the three was without a doubt the tiny replica NES. Not only did it generate tons of buzz during the holidays due to how difficult it was to find in stores (not necessarily a good thing), but it sets the stage for what will hopefully be a series of nostalgia-inducing follow-ups modeled after Nintendo’s other popular consoles. But before getting to the pint-sized SNES, let's consider what Nintendo did and didn’t do well with its current retro offering. The NES Classic Edition: This generation’s ‘Tickle Me Elmo’ The NES Classic Edition was announced on mid-July to what seemed like a warm enough reception. By the time the system launched roughly four months later, demand had clearly exceeded expectations leading to inventory shortages across the country (in a few other markets we checked, like the UK, the situation was all but the same). Amazon’s supply was spoken for immediately. Similarly, brick and mortar stores including Best Buy, Target and Walmart went through their initial inventory at a breakneck pace. Nintendo promised a steady flow of additional systems through the holiday season and into the New Year. The company technically kept its word by seeding additional units to retailers – my family scored three systems from Walmart during the holiday season to be used as presents by using an inventory tracking website – but overall, Nintendo came nowhere close to meeting demand. Did Nintendo artificially limit stock? Some are steadfast in their belief that Nintendo intentionally withheld stock in order to drive up the perception of demand. While the tactic is certainly plausible, and we've seen it happen before with hot products like the Nintendo Wii, I don’t believe it to be true. Nintendo could make an educated guess that hardcore gamers would be interested in the system. What I suspect they underestimated, however, is the degree to which the NES Classic would resonate with those outside of the target demographic – for example, adults with fond memories of the NES from their childhood who no longer identify as gamers. Manufacturing millions of units without knowing that it’d be a hit would have been incredibly risky. I believe Nintendo was just as surprised by the popularity of the system as the rest of us. Had Nintendo artificially limited inventory, why would it still be doing so weeks after the holidays? With some prospective buyers no doubt giving up out of sheer frustration, I fail to see how the strategy makes any sense. Plus, Nintendo is not making any additional money beyond the wholesale price it charges retailers. Scalpers, on the other hand, have been making a killing by reselling systems on eBay. Leading up to Christmas Day, units were regularly commanding upwards of $240 – a 4x premium over Nintendo’s $59.99 MSRP. Genuine NES Classic controllers which carry a MSRP of $9.99 each were going for around $60 or so. For those still in the market for a NES Classic, you’ll either have to play the waiting game, get lucky, or shell out some big bucks on eBay or Craigslist. NES Classic Edition: Hits and Misses Nintendo got a lot of things right with the NES Classic. Aesthetically speaking, it nailed the physical design which is a near-perfect mini replica of the original NES save for the controller connectors and the rear I/O ports. Sadly, the cartridge lid isn’t functional, but I digress. Power delivery is handled via USB, while HDMI is used to connect to a display. Included with the system are an AC adapter and USB cable, HDMI cable, and a replica NES controller which brings us to the first major flaw. The controller looks and feels just like the original save for the ridiculously short 30.5-inch cable. Nintendo clearly cut corners here as the controller is borderline unusable if you’re playing on a large television, but there are a couple of workarounds. The first solution is to pick up an extension cable. There’s no shortage of options from third parties at various price points. What some people don’t realize is that you can also use a Wii Classic controller with the tiny console as it shares the same physical connector as the bundled controller. In the event you can’t find a genuine Nintendo controller, there are multiple third-party controllers readily available with lengthier cables. Optionally, you can ditch the cord entirely and go with a wireless solution. It seems to be hit or miss here, so do your research before splurging (I tried the Nyko MiniBoss wireless controller but found that it disconnected every few minutes). Nintendo wisely baked Suspend Points into the system, granting four slots per game to save your progress. While an excellent idea, you’ll quickly realize that there’s no way to exit a game, create a save point, or switch to another game from the included controller. Instead, you have to press the reset button on the console itself to return to the main menu. For most, this will involve getting up off the couch to do so. Depending on how often you play, this could become very annoying. Nintendo did a stellar job with the console’s UI, employing a carousel-style menu with original box art for game selection. In the display menu, you’ll find the option for standard 4:3 display, a “Pixel Perfect” mode that cleans up the visuals a bit and a “CRT filter” that emulates what games looked like on older CRT televisions. The best thing about Nintendo’s offering? The games (as it should be). Nintendo hand-picked 30 all-time top NES games including favorites like Super Mario Bros. 1-3, Excitebike, Dr. Mario, Double Dragon II: The Revenge and The Legend of Zelda, just to name a few which look amazing coming across the HDMI connection. I haven’t had time to play every game on offer yet, but the ones I have tried are spot-on recreations of the originals.. Ironically enough, the NES Classic's greatest strength is also its biggest weakness. Limiting the console to 30 games guarantees Nintendo will never make more than $60 per buyer (plus an additional controller). Even if I wanted to splurge on classic NES games to build my library with games I may never play -- Steam style -- I can't. That's a mistake. A “Super” Successor Even though it was outsold by 13 million units over its lifetime compared to the original, the Super Nintendo somehow felt like a bigger deal when it arrived in North America in 1991. Its 16-bit graphics were unprecedented with launch titles like F-Zero and Super Mario World becoming instant ambassadors and eventual classics. The next logical step for Nintendo at this point is to create a Classic Edition based on the Super Nintendo. A recent trademark filing suggests the Japanese gaming company is indeed hard at work on a follow-up. It’s not a matter of “if” we’ll see a SNES Classic Edition but rather, “when.” The SNES Classic Edition should be a miniature version of the iconic Super Nintendo just as the current entry mirrored the original – right down to functional power and reset sliders. Of course it won’t have a functional cartridge slot on top, but it should otherwise look just like the original. As for the controller, this, too should look and feel just like the original, right down to the functional bumpers. If Nintendo only implements one hardware change, it should be this: wire the controller with a lengthy cable. It would be awesome if the system used the same exact controllers (and thus, the same connector) as the original SNES but that’s not likely to happen. One small but important additional change I’d like to see is a power / home button on the controller, or at least some workaround, like holding down "Select" for 5+ seconds which could bring you back to Home. Surely any half-baked solution will beat getting up and down all the damn time. Expandability: An Online Marketplace Nintendo should have no problem selling a micro SNES replica with a fixed number of top-tier games, but why stop there? By limiting the NES version to 30 games, Nintendo is missing out on a huge opportunity to generate residual income. As a byproduct, many are either hacking the Classic or reconsidering the emulator path, though we understand that the average consumer would prefer not to bother with either. Granted, these mini systems aren’t actual game consoles, but stripping them of the ability to add new games feels like a mistake for both gamers and Nintendo. The obvious answer would be to integrate a wireless chip into the mini SNES that allows to connect to a digital marketplace. Nintendo already offers classic games via the Virtual Console for the Wii U. A quick check of the Nintendo Game Store reveals a whopping 450 SNES games that can be downloaded and played right now on the Wii U and other systems. For this model to work with a standalone device like the SNES Classic, Nintendo would need to drastically reduce its pricing structure however. Asking the casual, nostalgia-seeking gamer to cough up $9.99 per game (the average cost of a downloadable SNES title in Nintendo’s digital marketplace) isn’t going to fly. Image credit: Ryokai on Deviantart Would you pay, say, $0.99 per game or maybe even $5 for a curated bundle of three games, in order to play those rare or obscure titles that you absolutely loved but wouldn’t ever make the top 30 cut? I know I sure would. What I wouldn’t do, however, is pay any more than maybe $2.99 per game and even that price would force me to really think hard before pulling the trigger. Nintendo should know that hardcore gamers aren’t the primary demographic with these mini consoles; don’t price your games in a manner that’ll turn casual players away. In no particular order, games I'd love to see on the SNES Classic: Super Mario World, Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Turtles in Time, Secret of Mana, Super Mario Kart, Street Fighter II, Earthbound, Stunt Race FX, Star Fox, The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past, Chrono Trigger, Mortal Kombat II, F-Zero, Super Metroid, Donkey Kong Country, Super Punch-Out!! Another possibility would be for Nintendo to include an SD or even a proprietary card slot on the console and sell physical “cartridges” made to look like SNES carts complete with original box art. It’d sure be neat but I doubt Nintendo will take this route as digital is much easier and can’t be resold. In the unlikely chance that Nintendo does offer the ability to add additional games via an online marketplace, the door would potentially be open to enable online multiplayer. This would be quite unlikely and frankly, a mistake. Part of what made console gaming in the ‘90s so great was local multiplayer. Inviting your friends over or challenging family members to an intense game of Street Fighter II or Super Mario Kart was genuinely fun. For some, multiplayer was as much about socializing as it was playing games. With online play, much of that interaction is lost. Don’t believe it can be done today? Rock Band says otherwise. A Golden Opportunity Nintendo hit a home run in its first at-bat despite some evident shortcomings. More importantly, the company now has the blueprint for success and put itself in a position to deliver a grand slam with its sophomore effort. At $60 with 30 games, the NES Classic Edition works out to two bucks per title. Is every game Nintendo selected appealing to me? No, but for the bundle and the system, it’s a fair price and would be a fair price for an SNES version. Nintendo was wise to announce its first mini system over the summer and launch it at the dawn of the holiday buying season. With the Nintendo Switch just around the corner, there’s no need to rush a SNES Classic to market even if the selfish me wants it ASAP. Stick with the same time frame… except this time, have enough stock to go around. Recycling existing IP is almost never a winning strategy, but Nintendo finds itself in the rare position of being the exception. Take the time to do it right and release follow-ups in chronological order. Save the N64 for the third act come 2018. I’ll gladly wait. 17 comments 83 interactions Share this article: User Comments: 17 Got something to say? Post a comment Load comments… Discuss 52 Which games have you played through more than once? 44 What is your favorite stealth video game/franchise? 36 Bought Call of Duty: Infinite Warfare on Windows Store? You can't play with Steam friends 16 UK retailer charging people $18 to try the PlayStation VR 27 An indie developer is suing 100 Steam community members over abusive comments Add New Comment You need to be a member to leave a comment. Join thousands of tech enthusiasts and participate. TechSpot Account Sign up for free, it takes 30 seconds. Already have an account? Login now. You may also... Main Sections Technology News Reviews Features Product Finder Downloads Drivers Community TechSpot Forums Today's Posts Ask a Question News & Comments Useful Resources Best of the Best Must Reads Trending Now Hot Downloads About TechSpot About Advertising News Archive Social & Feeds Follow TechSpot Facebook Twitter Google Plus YouTube RSS Subscribe to the TechSpot Newsletter © 2017 TechSpot, Inc. All Rights Reserved. TechSpot is a registered trademark. Terms of Use Privacy Policy Licensing Advertise International Editions: US / UK India
About Future Staff Contact Privacy Policy Search for: Select Press Releases Home / Press Releases / iControl Announces Acquisition of eSkye Solutions, Expands Data Synchronization Services for Beer, Wine and Spirits iControl Announces Acquisition of eSkye Solutions, Expands Data Synchronization Services for Beer, Wine and Spirits Posted on January 11, 2017 by Benzinga Full Feed in Press Releases Conceptual image of a businessman holding big hammer iControl to Expand Industry-leading EES Technology and Support to Key Alcohol Retailers including Wal-Mart, Sam's Club and Walgreens Burtonsville, MD (PRWEB) January 11, 2017 iControl Data Solutions (iControl), a leading process improvement and business insights provider to Retailers, Suppliers and Brokers, announced today the Company's acquisition of eSkye Solutions, the preferred Electronic Exchange Solution (EES) for Beer, Wine and Spirits distributors and retailers to synchronize product data, pricing and promotional activity. eSkye's software is and always has been specifically designed for wine & spirits suppliers – specializing in national accounts pricing, and tailored to meet the demands of VMP. eSkye has been collecting distributor pricing for Wal-Mart since 2002, and has since expanded its services to Sam’s Club, Walgreens & On-Premise. eSkye by iControl’s National Account Manager (NAM)™ was created to simplify and automate the processing and communication of pricing and promotion information to national accounts. Using eSkye by iControl's tools, suppliers can have a web-based interface where products and promotions can be quickly set-up and modified. Suppliers can then communicate those details through their supply chain for execution against the product or promotion at the retail level. In the case of off-premise retailers, the specific SKU pricing at the outlet level can be communicated automatically to the retailers internal systems for the creation of shelf tags. eSkye's next generation of National Account Manager (NAM) v15.0 was released in March of 2016 and provides alcohol beverage suppliers the flexibility to collect and send chain pricing for any national or chain account that wants to receive VMP based pricing. This can be done via EDI, spreadsheets, web files, etc. and can be customized to the chain or national account's business rules so that collected pricing does not violate any chain/national account pricing rules. Jennifer Skinner, VP of Development and Project Success at eSkye, is joining iControl as Senior Vice President. "Everyone at eSkye is excited that our company will join iControl Data Solutions," she said. "This is a tremendous opportunity to leverage the software, technology and talent of both companies to drive innovation in the Alcohol category, and continue to set the industry standard for data accuracy, transparency, and availability." Tal J. Zlotnitsky, chairman and Co-CEO of iControl, said, "We are thrilled to welcome eSkye Solutions and their retailer and supplier clients to the iControl family. The addition of Jennifer Skinner, as well as Mahesh Ambaskar and Suresh Kamma, provides us with an injection of top-notch talent and will ensure a smooth transition for all eSkye clients, and the continued excellence in customer service that eSkye has built its reputation on, as we begin to integrate NAM and iControl's Harmony™platform." About iControl: iControl is a leading provider of process improvement, payment settlement, and collaborative business intelligence solutions for the food, drug and convenience value chain. iControl’s software and support makes it easier for partners to improve performance and reduce costs through electronic collaboration. We process and remit funds for millions of invoices annually, while providing real-time visibility to store and item level inventory and sales data, with particular emphasis on Direct Store Delivery. Our network includes over 30,000 retail outlets and over 3,500 distributors and manufacturers in all 50 states. For more information about iControl, visit http://www.icontroldata.net. For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com/releases/2017/01/prweb13971373.htm Latest News Tyson Ferraro Joins the Control Solutions Team as the Director of Marketing Leawo iOS Data Recovery Added Support for New Devices and iOS10 and Improved Stability Global Solar Council Releases Inaugural Quarterly Report Innovations, Historic Aviation Among Highlights of EAA AirVenture Oshkosh 2017 BOSS Accounting Outsourcing Specialists New Special Offer Rates Give Businesses Up to 71% Savings INVESTOR ALERT: Faruqi &amp; Faruqi, LLP Encourages Investors Who Suffered Losses in Excess of $100,000 Investing in TerraVia Holdings, Inc. to Contact the Firm Before Imminent Lead Plaintiff Deadline A Frogs Life TDSi Appoints New Distribution Channel Manager TM DEVELOPMENT JOINS STROKE CONTRARY TO STARVATION Certxpert.Com Offers EC-Council CEH Certification Exam at Affordable Price © 2015 SSUChronicle. All rights reserved. Top Optimization WordPress Plugins & Solutions by W3 EDGE
Menu Subscribe Login My CSMonitor.com Login Register Manage Profile My Saved Items Log Out Subscription Information Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletter Subscribe Subscribe Give a Gift Manage Account Daily News Briefing FREE E-mail Newsletters Passcode Monitor Breakfast EqualEd Inhabit Home World All World Africa Africa Monitor Americas Latin America Monitor Asia Pacific Asia: South & Central Europe Middle East Global News Blog Passcode Passcode Voices Passcode Influencers Security Culture Progress Watch People Making a Difference Change Agent Specials Africa's AIDS Orphans Little Bill Clinton Hostage: The Jill Carroll Story World Topics Human Trafficking Series USA All USA Politics Monitor Breakfast Politics Voices Decoder Foreign Policy Military Justice USA Update Education EqualEd Society Politics of US Series Commentary All Commentary The Monitor's View Readers Respond Upfront Blog Global Newsstand Monitor Political Cartoons A Christian Science Perspective Business All Business The Bite Tax VOX The New Economy Saving Money In Gear Paper Economy Robert Reich Guide to Giving Energy / Environment All Energy / Environment Energy Energy Voices Inhabit Inhabit Events Technology All Technology Breakthroughs Voices Science All Science Complexity Science Notebook Spacebound Culture All Culture Arts Full Frame Photoblog Music Movies Monitor Movie Guide TV Verbal Energy The Home Forum Culture Cafe Family Food Stir It Up! Recipe Categories Books All Books Books Reviews Chapter & Verse Readers' Picks Take Action All Take Action Environment Education Conflict Resolution Disaster Relief and Recovery Human Trafficking Business First Look Why Wal-Mart is cutting office jobs, but sparing stores Many iconic retail chains are cutting back these days. But one year after raising the wages of its retail staff, Wal-Mart is instead cutting back at the corporate level. Monitor's Best: Top 5 Focus Terror and the Mexico border: How big a threat? Devices sprout ears: What do Alexa and Siri mean for privacy? For many, problems with Obamacare are personal, not partisan (+video) The surprising response to Trump son-in-law's new White House post Doing the math: Why 'Hidden Figures' adds up for moviegoers Popular Now Mysterious seadragon finally spotted alive – and caught on video First Look Scientists finally decode the Great Molasses Flood of 1919 Focus Terror and the Mexico border: How big a threat? First Look This star has a secret – even better than 'alien megastructures' First Look Was D.B. Cooper a Boeing worker? Photos of the weekend SUBSCRIBE Job postings are shown outside a new Walmart Super Center as the company opens its first store in Compton, California, on January 10, 2017. REUTERS/Mike Blake | Caption Patrick Reilly Staff January 11, 2017 —Even the world’s largest retailer can’t avoid the challenges facing brick-and-mortar stores. Wal-Mart will soon cut hundreds of jobs from its Bentonville, Ark., headquarters and its regional offices, as The Wall Street Journal first reported this week. The announcement comes amid a downturn for some traditional retail stores. Macy’s and Sears are cutting back, as The Christian Science Monitor reported last week, as more consumers shop online or at discount-rack stores, although some segments, like fast fashion, have bucked the trend. Wal-Mart, which predicts flat earnings growth for its next fiscal year, is also feeling the pinch. “We are always looking for ways to operate more efficiently and effectively,” spokesman Greg Hitt told Fortune, although he did not confirm job cuts. But unlike other troubled chains, which have closed stores and laid off retail staff, Wal-Mart is cutting costs at the corporate level. Meanwhile, it’s continuing an expensive – and controversial – effort to improve its stores by paying workers more. For years, labor groups criticized Wal-Mart for its treatment of retail staff, including its wages and a lack of unions. A 2011 study from the University of California, Berkeley found that its employees earned an estimated 12.4 percent less than retail workers as a whole, and 14.5 percent less than workers in large retail in general. Last year, the chain announced a "two-year, $2.7 billion investment in workers," in which all employees hired before January 1st, 2016 would receive at least $10 per hour; new hires' wages would start at $9 per hour, but increase to $10 after they complete a training program. Ten companies with great starting wages Amid rising concerns about inequality and low minimum wages, this pay hike at the world’s largest retailer sparked debate. Some saw the wage hikes as a smart business decision that better motivated workers and reversed years of customer complaints about poor service. But others saw the wage increase as trouble for Wal-Mart’s bottom line, and dismissed some arguments in favor of it – such as the idea that better-paid employees would spend more in-store, helping to offset the losses of paying higher wages.  Follow Stories Like This Get the Monitor stories you care about delivered to your inbox. Sign-Up × Other critics argued the wage hike didn't go far enough, as the Monitor reported in 2015: But advocates for low-wage workers, while supporting the wage boost, say the pay increases will have minimal effect on workers' lives without a full workweek. Companies like Wal-Mart have turned the scheduling of part-time workers into a science, says Tsedeye Gebreselassie, senior staff attorney with the National Employment Law Project. Computer programs used by Wal-Mart and other large retail outlets piece together employee schedules and are frequently programmed to keep employees' hours below the threshold where benefits kick in, she says. “These are super-sophisticated programs that work in real time calculating to the minute based on customer traffic, calling people in to work and sending them home accordingly,” she says. “Working there makes it nearly impossible to plan a stable budget, have another job, or go to schools.” This week's job-cutting news comes as the latest of several Wal-Mart cost-cutting measures which have left white-collar employees in Bentonville uneasy. In September, the company announced it would cut 7,000 back-office positions; last October, it eliminated 450 positions at headquarters, a move it said would make Wal-Mart more "nimble." But unlike their counterparts at Sears or Macy’s, the sales associates at your local Wal-Mart are probably breathing a sigh of relief. Print/Reprints Next Up Ten companies with great starting wages By Bailey Bischoff Change Agent Rural residents pool cash to save last local gathering places By Scott McFetridge The New Economy Despite hard times for Macy’s and Sears, physical retail stores are booming By Lonnie Shekhtman Photos of the Day Photos of the weekend Our Award-Winning Publication Subscribe to the Monitor's trustworthy weekly review of global news and ideas. SUBSCRIBE Stay Current. Go Far. Discover the Monitor Difference About Contact Us Subscribe E-Readers Advertise With Us Careers Find us online Content Map Text Edition Corrections Reprints & Permissions Multimedia A Christian Science Perspective © The Christian Science Monitor.All Rights Reserved. Terms.Privacy Policy.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Latest: 2 charged with aiding fugitive in police slaying By Associated Press Published: 17:52 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 17:53 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — The Latest on the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer (all times local): 3:30 p.m. Authorities have arrested the niece of a fugitive wanted in two killings, including the shooting of an Orlando police officer. Candles and TV lights illuminate the crowd during a vigil at Wal-Mart store where an Orlando police sergeant was killed Monday and for an Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy killed during a manhunt of the suspect, in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Online court records show that 27-year-old Lakensha Smith-Loyd was arrested on a charge of accessory Wednesday, a day after the fugitive's supervisor at a fried chicken restaurant was arrested on a similar charge. Smith-Loyd's uncle, 41-year-old Markeith Loyd, is the focus of an intense manhunt that began Monday, when he allegedly shot Master Sgt. Debra Clayton as she approached him outside a Wal-Mart. Loyd had been wanted previously for the slaying of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in mid-December. An arrest affidavit for Loyd's supervisor, Zarghee Mayan, says that Smith-Loyd collected money from Mayan on behalf of her uncle just days after the slaying of the ex-girlfriend. ___ 12:15 p.m. Orange County Sheriff's Office deputies have arrested a man they say helped a fugitive now sought in two murders, including the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer. Zarghee Mayan faces a charge of accessory after the fact for allegedly helping 41-year-old Markeith Lloyd, his former co-worker at a fried chicken restaurant, by driving him around, giving him food and offering him money. The affidavit prepared for Tuesday night's arrest says Mayan met with Loyd at least two times after the slaying of Loyd's pregnant girlfriend in mid-December. Loyd remains the focus of an intense manhunt that began Monday, when he allegedly shot Master Sgt. Debra Clayton in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Deputies say Mayan has told conflicting stories, but at one point said that he met with Loyd two days before Clayton exchanged gunfire with the suspect. The affidavit says Mayan said he hugged Loyd on Saturday and could tell he was armed and wearing a bulletproof vest. ___ 11:25 a.m. Hundreds of deputies and officers in Florida are searching for a suspect wanted in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer, but authorities say a jumping off point for his capture may come from a call center staffed by five workers. Authorities in Orlando are hoping tips from the public into a Crimeline call center can help lead to 41-year-old Markeith Loyd, the focus of a manhunt that entered its third day on Wednesday. Barb Bergin, Crimeline's executive director, says the $100,000 being offered as a reward for a tip that leads to Loyd's arrest is unprecedented for the local Crimeline. Authorities believe tips may be especially important in locating Loyd since they believe others are helping him hide. Bergin says all tips are being followed up. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot Monday morning after she approached Loyd in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store. Police Chief John Mina says federal, state and local authorities are taking part in the manhunt. Mina isn't giving any details about search tactics but he says law enforcement agencies in Florida and around the nation are on alert for Loyd. ___ 3:20 a.m. A suspect who's the focus of a manhunt following the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer has a lengthy criminal record dating back two decades. Authorities on Wednesday were starting a third day of the manhunt for 41-year-old Markeith Loyd, who had been wanted in the weeks leading up to the sergeant's killing for questioning in the slaying of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said Tuesday that deputies came close to catching Loyd but he had eluded them, and arrest warrants were being prepared for people who likely helped him. Authorities raised the reward for information leading to his arrest from $60,000 to $100,000. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot Monday morning after she approached Loyd in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando. FILE - This undated photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd. Loyd is wanted for killing an Orlando police officer outside a Wal-Mart in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Department via AP, File) A wreath and flowers surround Orlando police shooting victim, officer Debra Clayton's patrol car, in front of police headquarters, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Clayton was killed Monday, and a manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Sarah Harvey says a prayer at a makeshift memorial, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., at the parking lot of a Wal-Mart where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) An employee of Wal-Mart lights a candle at a makeshift memorial, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., at the parking lot where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect in the shooting. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orlando Police Chief John Mina speaks during a news conference concerning the fatal shooting of Orlando police officer Debra Clayton, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. A manhunt continues for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings answers questions during a news conference concerning the fatal shooting of Orlando police officer Debra Clayton, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) A flag flies a half mast, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., in front of a Wal-Mart where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Montag, 16. Januar | 02:31 Uhr Home | Newsletter | Twitter | Kontakt     AKTIEN DAX MDAX SDAX TecDAX GEX Entry Standard Nasdaq NEWS TopStories Wirtschaftsnachrichten Agenturmeldungen Deutsche Aktien Emerging Markets Unternehmensnews Experten ROHSTOFFE Top-Stories Rohstoffe Rohstoff-News Rohstoff-News International Rohstoffübersicht Rohstoffdatenbank Basiswissen ENERGIE Energie-News UNTERNEHMEN Unternehmenscenter Management Interview Research Research International Termine KOLUMNEN Autoren SERVICE Börsenlexikon Social Media Twitter Währungsrechner   Newsticker: ROHSTOFF INTERNATIONAL 17:00 | 11.01.2017 Walmart and Sam’s Club Teaming up to Support Healthy Resolutions in Arizona Losing weight is the number one New Year’s resolution for a majority of Americans, according to the Statistic Brain Research Institute, and by mid-January nearly 30 percent of those resolutions will be abandoned. To help customers and members get back on track, Walmart and Sam’s Club have teamed up to offer free health screenings in more than 5,200 locations across the country on Jan. 14, and in 127 locations in Arizona. This joint effort will make it easier than ever for hundreds of thousands of Americans to learn critical information that will help them keep their health-focused intentions on track. “Knowing your numbers is critical to achieving your healthy resolutions and to maintaining a healthy lifestyle,” said George Riedl, senior vice president and president, Walmart Health & Wellness. “That’s why Walmart and Sam’s Club have joined together for the very first time to kick off 2017 with the company’s largest free health screening event to-date.” In Arizona, where 30.7 percent of the population suffers from high blood pressure and 28.4 percent have obesity according to Arizona Health Matters, this program offers community members a free, simple way to get this information checked. Sam’s Club locations will provide body fat readings, and for the first time in Walmart stores, customers can test for both body fat and body mass index. Over the course of 2016, Walmart and Sam’s Club collectively provided nearly a half million free health screenings to people across the country. At Walmart alone, nearly 250,000 were conducted in October. Sam’s Club began offering free health screenings in 2010 and has conducted more than one million screenings since the program began. These events have helped countless individuals uncover existing health problems, including high blood pressure, signs of diabetes and other potential illness. Walmart Screening Information Walmart Wellness Day will take place from 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. local time on Saturday, Jan. 14, in more than 4,600 Walmart stores across the country. Free screenings will include blood glucose, blood pressure, vision, and for the first time body fat and body mass index. Product samples and health insurance information will be available. More than 10,000 of Walmart’s licensed pharmacists will offer immunizations in select stores. Walmart continues to break company records at screening events. In October alone, nearly 52,000 immunizations were administered and more than 2 million free samples were distributed in a single event. Sam’s Club Screening Information Free screenings at Sam’s Club locations are open to members and the public and will be held from 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. local time in approximately 618 clubs across the country. Screenings*, which are valued at up to $150, will include free blood glucose, blood pressure, vision / hearing (where applicable), body fat, total cholesterol and HDL (good cholesterol). Sam’s Club licensed pharmacists will be on-hand to offer immunizations as well. “Sam’s Club and Walmart are committed to helping the communities we serve lead healthier lives,” said Jill Turner-Mitchael, senior vice president of Sam’s Club, Consumables and Health and Wellness. “We invite you to our locations this weekend to experience our health screenings to start or restart your healthy choices for the year.” Sam’s Club offers free health screenings the second Saturday of every month from January to October. Check your local pharmacy for other dates and times. About Walmart Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) helps people around the world save money and live better – anytime and anywhere – in retail stores, online, and through their mobile devices. Each week, more than 250 million customers and members visit our 11,462 stores under 71 banners in 28 countries and e-commerce websites in 11 countries. With fiscal year 2015 sales of nearly $486 billion, Walmart employs more than 2 million associates worldwide. Walmart continues to be a leader in sustainability, corporate philanthropy and employment opportunity. Additional information about Walmart can be found by visiting http://corporate.walmart.com on Facebook at http://facebook.com/walmart and on Twitter at http://twitter.com/walmart. Online merchandise sales are available at http://www.walmart.com and http://www.samsclub.com. About Sam’s Club Sam’s Club®, a division of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT), is a leading membership warehouse club offering superior products, savings and services to millions of members in 655 clubs in the U.S. and Puerto Rico. To learn more about Sam’s Club, visit the Sam’s Club Newsroom, shop at SamsClub.com, and interact with Sam’s Club on Twitter and Facebook. * Limited quantities available. Screening types and quantities may vary by state and club. All tests are performed by licensed professionals. View source version on businesswire.com: http://www.businesswire.com/news/home/20170111005380/en/ Bookmarken   NEWSLETTER Abonnieren Sie jetzt unseren aktuellen Newsletter WIRTSCHAFTSNACHRICHTEN 20:35 Uhr | 15.01.2017 dpa-AFX-Überblick: UNTERNEHMEN - ... 19:42 Uhr | 15.01.2017 Klimaabkommen: Französischer ... 18:52 Uhr | 15.01.2017 Allianz-Chef: Wir können keinen ... 18:46 Uhr | 15.01.2017 Guter Start der Messe CMT - mehr ... 18:23 Uhr | 15.01.2017 Söder: Bürger mit ... Kursverzögerung mind. +15 min   Partner Nutzung Quellen & Copyright ARIVA.DE AG Goldinvest.de AGB Werbung Kurse: ARIVA.DE AG Deutsche Börse AG iwr.de Impressum © 1998-2017 EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH eResearch MIDAS Research Datenschutz Die EQS Financial Markets & Media GmbH übernimmt keine Haftung für die Richtigkeit der Angaben! finanznachrichten.de Performaxx Disclaimer
Continue to site >> Login My Account Get Alerts TheStreet Alerts Email Newsletters In Case You Missed It Before the Bell Jim Cramer's Daily Booyah Midday Bell Top 10 Winners & Losers Register For Newsletters Action Alerts PLUS Charitable Trust Portfolio Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 Most Recent Trade Alert 25 Investing Rules 10 Trading Commandments Mad Money Recap Real Money Jim Cramer's Best Stocks of 2017 25 Rules of investing 10 Commandments Stressed Out Stocks Cramer's Blog Investing Much More Cramer Mad Money BizTV Election 2016 ETFs Financial Advisor Center Futures How to Spend Banking Biotech Markets Options Personal Finance Retail Retirement Tech Stock Picks Video Latest News Subscribe SUBSCRIPTION SERVICES Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks SUBSCRIPTION BUNDLES Portfolio PLUS Real Money Pro Portfolio Chairman's Club FREE TheStreet MainStreet Compare All Subscription Services Real Money What Will GDP Say About Economic Growth? DJIA S&P 500 NASDAQ Markets Today Walmart Swings Its Axe Again and Will Now Slash 1,000 Corporate Jobs Walmart is at it again on the cost-cutting front. Lindsay Rittenhouse Jan 11, 2017 2:15 PM EST Walmart (WMT) , the country's largest private employer, plans to eliminate roughly 1,000 corporate jobs as it looks to boost its e-commerce business and trim costs. The jobs, mainly in the human resources department, will be cut before Jan. 31, as a result of increased e-commerce spending and rising employee wages, an anonymous executive told the Wall Street Journal. When contacted by TheStreet, Walmart declined in an email to comment on the job cuts but said the company has "not made any announcements" on its current corporate structure, adding "... we are always looking for ways to operate more efficiently and effectively."  The move comes after the Bentonville, Ark.-based company, which employs about 2.3 million worldwide, eliminated 7,000 positions in September. Walmart's job cuts also come during an increasingly difficult period for retailers. Last Wednesday, Macy's (M)  announced its plans to eliminate about 10,100 total positions as it moves to shutter 68 stores and restructure its operations, citing heightened e-commerce competition. Macy's, Kohl's (KSS) and Sears Holdings (SHLD) are among several pressured retailers that experienced a decline in same-store sales this holiday season. Macy's and Kohl's comparable store sales each fell 2.1% year-over-year in November and December, while Sears' same-store sales dipped about 12%. In a research note published Wednesday, Zacks' analysts reiterated the firm's "sell" rating on Walmart. "Increased competition from traditional and online players and slowdown in international operations along with a strong dollar are hindering sales," the analysts said in their note. Prev 0 of 2 Next If you liked this article you might like Trifecta Stocks: Now It Gets Really Interesting Earnings season heats up next week as Donald Trump is sworn in as president. Chris Versace Jan 15, 2017 12:00 PM EST Here's One Thing Macy's CEO Doesn't See Changing in Crumbling Retail Sector It's still all about the people. Brian Sozzi Jan 15, 2017 10:07 AM EST Amazon May Be About to Pummel America's Most Well-Known Clothing Stores All signs point to it happening. Brian Sozzi Jan 15, 2017 9:23 AM EST Apple and Lululemon Surprisingly May Have One Thing in Common It makes sense. Brian Sozzi Jan 14, 2017 11:04 AM EST Trending Where to Get the Best Birthday Perks Here's Why Macy's Just Fired a Key Executive That Earned $900,000 a Year Watch Apple Try to Prove its Wacky New Airpods Won't Fall Out of Your Ears Most Outrageous Apple iPhone Cases You Just Have to See to Believe Ringling Brothers Circus Closes as Entertainment Companies Grapple With Animal Rights Questions Advertising Partners Hot Topics Pharma Blue-Chip Cramer on Apple Stocks Under $10 Best High-Yielders Tech Stocks Top Dividend Stocks Home Cramer Banking Biotech Election 2016 ETFs Futures Investing Opinion Personal Finance Retail Tech Video Featured Topics Jim Cramer Mad Money Stock Market Today Dow Jones Today Dividend Stocks Gold Price Silver Prices Copper Prices Oil Prices Sections ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Popular Pages Best Stocks Best Stocks to Buy High Dividend Stocks Stock Market Holidays Earnings Calendar Ex Dividend Date ETF Ratings Mutual Fund Ratings Best Online Brokers Subscriptions Action Alerts PLUS Action Alerts OPTIONS Daily Swing Trade Dividend Stock Advisor Growth Seeker Quant Ratings Real Money Real Money Pro Stocks Under $10 Top Stocks Trifecta Stocks Portfolio PLUS RMP Portfolio Chairman's Club Stay Connected Feedback About Us Write For TheStreet Investor Relations Advertise Reprints Customer Service Employment Privacy Policy Terms of Use Topic Archive Video Sitemap Data Affiliate Press Room ©1996-2017 TheStreet, Inc. All rights reserved. Action Alerts PLUS is a registered trademark of TheStreet, Inc. Compare Brokers
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Argan, Inc. (AGX) VP Sells $190,826.50 in Stock Welch Group LLC Has $16,194,000 Position in Exxon Mobil Corporation (XOM) Peregrine Capital Management LLC Acquires Shares of 319,143 ServisFirst Bancshares, Inc. (SFBS) Ameriprise Financial Inc. Purchases 524,751 Shares of Retail Properties of America, Inc. (RPAI) Charlest Maxwell Buys 25,000 Shares of Tecogen Inc. (TGEN) Stock Insider Selling: Albemarle Corporation (ALB) CFO Sells $95,785.34 in Stock Stefan Jacoby Sells 2,540 Shares of General Motors Company (GM) Stock Capital Southwest Corporation (CSWC) Major Shareholder Sells $91,442.40 in Stock Mark Hirschhorn Sells 5,000 Shares of Teladoc, Inc. (TDOC) Stock Sparton Corporation (SPA) Stock Rating Upgraded by Zacks Investment Research Sunstone Hotel Investors, Inc. (SHO) Rating Lowered to Neutral at Robert W. Baird Bradley Foster & Sargent Inc. CT Has $18,950,000 Stake in D/B/A Chubb Limited New (CB) Vaughan David Investments Inc. IL Has $19,082,000 Stake in Abbott Laboratories (ABT) Transdigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Shares Sold by Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Transdigm Group Incorporated (TDG) Shares Sold by Virginia Retirement Systems ET AL Coats Group PLC’s (COA) Buy Rating Reiterated at Peel Hunt WGL Holdings Inc (WGL) Downgraded by Zacks Investment Research to Hold Williams Partners LP (WPZ) Rating Lowered to Hold at Zacks Investment Research Iamgold Corporation (IAG) Lowered to “Underperform” at Credit Suisse Group CEB Inc. (CEB) Upgraded to “Equal Weight” by Barclays PLC Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Shares Bought by Wasatch Advisors Inc. January 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Tyrone Williams Filed Under: Finance - SEC Filing Articles Tweet Wasatch Advisors Inc. raised its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) by 0.5% during the third quarter, Holdings Channel reports. The firm owned 187,629 shares of the retailer’s stock after buying an additional 843 shares during the period. Wasatch Advisors Inc.’s holdings in Wal-Mart Stores were worth $13,532,000 at the end of the most recent quarter. Other large investors have also modified their holdings of the company. Livingston Group Asset Management CO operating as Southport Capital Management acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth $100,000. Seven Eight Capital LLC acquired a new stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores during the second quarter worth $111,000. Piershale Financial Group Inc. raised its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 0.3% in the third quarter. Piershale Financial Group Inc. now owns 1,612 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $116,000 after buying an additional 5 shares during the period. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC raised its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 27.2% in the third quarter. Nelson Roberts Investment Advisors LLC now owns 1,643 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $118,000 after buying an additional 351 shares during the period. Finally, Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC raised its stake in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 118.1% in the second quarter. Genovese Burford & Brothers Wealth & Retirement Plan Management LLC now owns 1,649 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $120,000 after buying an additional 893 shares during the period. Hedge funds and other institutional investors own 28.81% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) opened at 68.54 on Wednesday. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a one year low of $60.20 and a one year high of $75.19. The stock’s 50 day moving average price is $70.25 and its 200-day moving average price is $71.31. The stock has a market cap of $210.64 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.87 and a beta of 0.10. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its quarterly earnings data on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share (EPS) for the quarter, topping the consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $118.69 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $1.03 EPS. The business’s revenue for the quarter was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, analysts predict that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. COPYRIGHT VIOLATION WARNING: “Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Shares Bought by Wasatch Advisors Inc.” was reported by Daily Political and is the propert of of Daily Political. If you are viewing this news story on another domain, it was illegally stolen and reposted in violation of international copyright and trademark legislation. The original version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/11/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-shares-bought-by-wasatch-advisors-inc.html. A number of equities research analysts have weighed in on WMT shares. Guggenheim started coverage on Wal-Mart Stores in a research note on Friday, September 30th. They set a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price objective for the company. Jefferies Group set a $86.00 price objective on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “buy” rating in a research note on Tuesday, October 4th. Vetr upgraded Wal-Mart Stores from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating and set a $75.98 price objective for the company in a research note on Monday, September 19th. KeyCorp set a $90.00 target price on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 7th. Finally, Robert W. Baird set a $80.00 target price on Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “buy” rating in a research report on Friday, October 7th. Three analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have issued a hold rating and nine have issued a buy rating to the stock. The stock currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $75.30. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total transaction of $2,210,152.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 245,328 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $16,760,808.96. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which can be accessed through this link. Also, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the company’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 21st. The stock was sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Company insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Want to see what other hedge funds are holding WMT? Visit HoldingsChannel.com to get the latest 13F filings and insider trades for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT). Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes Democrats Promise to Undermine Certain Cabinet Confirmations © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc. - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Insider Rosalind G. Brewer Sells 32,350 Shares of Stock January 11th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Finance - Insider Trades Tweet Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the firm’s stock in a transaction that occurred on Thursday, January 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total transaction of $2,210,152.00. Following the transaction, the insider now owns 245,328 shares of the company’s stock, valued at approximately $16,760,808.96. The transaction was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is accessible through this hyperlink. Shares of Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) opened at 68.23 on Wednesday. The company has a market cap of $209.68 billion, a P/E ratio of 14.80 and a beta of 0.10. The firm has a 50-day moving average price of $70.25 and a 200-day moving average price of $71.31. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a 1-year low of $60.20 and a 1-year high of $75.19. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last issued its earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 EPS for the quarter, topping analysts’ consensus estimates of $0.96 by $0.02. Wal-Mart Stores had a return on equity of 17.71% and a net margin of 2.98%. The firm had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to the consensus estimate of $118.69 billion. During the same quarter in the prior year, the business earned $1.03 earnings per share. The company’s revenue was up .5% compared to the same quarter last year. On average, equities analysts expect that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.32 EPS for the current year. ILLEGAL ACTIVITY WARNING: “Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (WMT) Insider Rosalind G. Brewer Sells 32,350 Shares of Stock” was first reported by Daily Political and is owned by of Daily Political. If you are reading this news story on another website, it was stolen and republished in violation of international copyright and trademark law. The correct version of this news story can be read at http://www.dailypolitical.com/2017/01/11/wal-mart-stores-inc-wmt-insider-rosalind-g-brewer-sells-32350-shares-of-stock.html. Several research analysts have issued reports on WMT shares. Macquarie set a $61.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the stock a “neutral” rating in a report on Tuesday, October 4th. Guggenheim started coverage on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Friday, September 30th. They set a “buy” rating and a $82.00 price target for the company. Zacks Investment Research upgraded shares of Wal-Mart Stores from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating in a report on Monday, October 24th. Barclays PLC restated an “overweight” rating and set a $82.00 price target on shares of Wal-Mart Stores in a report on Sunday, November 13th. Finally, Buckingham Research set a $70.00 price objective on shares of Wal-Mart Stores and gave the company a “hold” rating in a research note on Wednesday, September 28th. Three investment analysts have rated the stock with a sell rating, nineteen have issued a hold rating and nine have assigned a buy rating to the stock. The company currently has a consensus rating of “Hold” and a consensus target price of $75.30. A number of institutional investors have recently modified their holdings of WMT. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 4.8% in the third quarter. BlackRock Institutional Trust Company N.A. now owns 41,912,723 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $3,022,746,000 after buying an additional 1,910,016 shares in the last quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.7% in the third quarter. Bank of New York Mellon Corp now owns 20,297,797 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $1,463,878,000 after buying an additional 348,391 shares in the last quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 3.2% in the third quarter. BlackRock Fund Advisors now owns 19,932,903 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $1,437,561,000 after buying an additional 623,646 shares in the last quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 1.2% in the third quarter. Price T Rowe Associates Inc. MD now owns 15,071,579 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $1,086,962,000 after buying an additional 179,166 shares in the last quarter. Finally, BlackRock Group LTD increased its position in shares of Wal-Mart Stores by 6.7% in the third quarter. BlackRock Group LTD now owns 12,473,382 shares of the retailer’s stock worth $899,580,000 after buying an additional 780,232 shares in the last quarter. Institutional investors own 28.81% of the company’s stock. About Wal-Mart Stores Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
Follow us: Release dates: every game confirmed for 2017 Pokemon Sun & Moon guide: walkthrough, best starter, QR codes, TM locations, tips PC PS4 Xbox One Destiny GTA 5 Battlefield Pokemon Overwatch Guides Ticker Now Walmart is taking pre-orders for the Nintendo Switch at $400 – rumour Wednesday, 11 January 2017 13:25 GMT By Sherif Saed Share on: Facebook Twitter Reddit Google+ Walmart is either playing it super safe, or it knows something we don’t. Update: Switch has been officially dated and priced at $299. The retail price of the Nintendo Switch is still a mystery. It’s a mystery that pundits and inside sources have more less pinned down, but nothing is ever confirmed until it’s official. A picture of a pre-order sticker for the Switch at US retailer Walmart made its way to Reddit earlier. It shows the price being $399, which is way higher than any of the previous estimates. The Reddit user who posted it said he works at the retailer, and although the sticker has yesterday’s date, the image is of a very low quality and could be a fake. Most recently, Japanese financial paper Nikkei said the console will sell for around $250. The magazine revealed accurate information about the Japanese games industry many times before, and the price is more in line with previous leaks. What’s likely to happen is that Nintendo will release different SKUs at different price points, depending on how many games are included or if other accessories will be part of the package. That said, $400 is too high a price for what the Switch is supposedly capable of, at least when it comes to raw power. There’s a near slim chance Nintendo will sell the console for more than what you can currently pay for PS4 and Xbox One, even if it comes with a couple of games. Share on: Facebook Twitter Reddit Google+ Latest Arms, the Switch fighting game, is a lot more involved than Wii Fit boxing flailing Cats are more trouble than they’re worth in this Gravity Rush 2 live action trailer Zelda: Breath of the Wild takes up 40% of the Switch’s internal storage, but you can expand up to 2TB with memory cards DISCLAIMER Sometimes we include links to online retail stores. If you click on one and make a purchase we may receive a small commission. For more information, go here. Tags a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o p q r s t u v w x y z # Privacy policy Terms & conditions Staff © 2017 VG247 Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: This Wal-Mart Number Will Surprise You The company does not have a reputation for being generous with employees (though it has raised wages), but in one area, it's decidedly generous. Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Jan 11, 2017 at 8:04AM Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) has no obligation to contribute to charitable causes or to give a single dime, any in-kind donations, or a even a minute of employee time to those in need. However, the world's biggest retailer does do those things. In 2016, it contributed more than $1.4 billion in cash and in-kind gifts (donations of goods and services) to various causes, according to the company's 2016 Giving Report (link open PDF). In addition, Wal-Mart employees ("associates," in company lingo) "contributed more than 1.25 million hours of their time outside of work to volunteer causes." Less than a third of the company's total giving actually comes in the form of cash (over $300 million), but Wal-Mart, which does not have the same reputation for being charitable as Starbucks (NASDAQ: SBUX) or Alphabet (NASDAQ: GOOG) (NASDAQ: GOOGL), perhaps deserves to be viewed differently. Of course, Wal-Mart does top the Global Fortune 500, which measures total revenue, with $482 billion in 2015. Wal-Mart donated over $300 million to charities in 2016. Image source: Wal-Mart. How does Wal-Mart stack up? In 2015, Wal-Mart placed second on Fortune's 20 Most Generous Companies on the Fortune 500 list (the 2016 list has not been released yet). In 2015, Wal-Mart gave just over $300 million in cash contributions to a variety of causes. That's more than Alphabet ($167.8 milion) and Starbucks put together since the coffee company did not make the top 20, which required beating out $62.5 million in cash donations. For perspective, Wal-Mart rival Target (NYSE: TGT) gave away $111.5 million in cash in 2015. That's a little less than a third of what its competitor handed out, but a higher percentage of the chain's nearly $75 billion in revenue. In-kind donations do take the Wal-Mart number much higher, but that's not a number every (or even many) companies report. Is Wal-Mart generous? While on a percentage-of-revenue basis Wal-Mart does not hand out as much as many rivals, its overall generosity depends upon how you view in-kind donations. On one hand, this type of charity, of which Wal-Mart takes credit for about $1.1 billion in 2016, could simply be the company donating items it has little use for. Some of that $1.1 billion likely comes from Wal-Mart moving dead inventory or donating food nearing its expiration date to local food banks. A cynic might consider that not actual charity, but in reality, it takes significant effort and cost to implement the programs that transfer items or food to charities once they are no longer saleable. It's also very likely that some, maybe a lot, of the company's in-kind donations are to meet needs with little or no concern to moving dead product off of shelves. Wal-Mart had $4.6 billion in profit in Q4 of fiscal 2016, and it made $9.88 billion through the first three quarters of fiscal 2017. That means that roughly, on a four-quarter basis, the company would have made about $14.5 billion. If you consider $1.1 billion an accurate value for its in-kind charitable contributions, that's about 7.5% of profits being donated. If you use the cash number, it's 2% of that profit number. Wal-Mart deserves recognition While it's easy to fault Wal-Mart for its wages or employment practices (though it has made some strides in those areas), it's not fair to not celebrate the company when it does something positive. The chain may have its problems, and it has not always make the choice that results in the greater good, but that's not its primary responsibility to shareholders. You can quibble about the accounting or argue what actually counts as charity, but if the company was not sincere, it's hard to see why it would go through these efforts. Kathleen McLaughlin, Wal-Mart's chief sustainability officer, wrote a letter to begin the report, and she clearly believes in what she's doing: Philanthropy enables Wal-Mart to go even further in addressing some of the world's toughest social and environmental challenges. Likewise, being able to draw on Walmart business strengths -- not just funding, but Walmart's reach, relationships, associates, logistics, technology, products and stores, to name a few -- enables our philanthropy to deliver greater societal impact. We believe this ability to bring private-sector capabilities to bear on social problems makes corporate philanthropists important collaborators in social change. Wal-Mart, on a cash basis, regularly gives more money than almost every other company on the planet. That may not be as much cash on a percentage of revenue or profit basis as some of its rivals, but it's still a lot of money, and the company should be saluted for what it does, even if you hope it will do more in the future. Suzanne Frey, an executive at Alphabet, is a member of The Motley Fool's board of directors. Daniel Kline has no position in any stocks mentioned. He is looking forward to the long weekend. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Alphabet (A and C shares) and Starbucks. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Daniel B. Kline (TMFDankline) Daniel B. Kline is an accomplished writer and editor who has worked for Microsoft on its Finance app and The Boston Globe, where he wrote for the paper and ran the Boston.com business desk. His latest book, "Worst Ideas Ever," (Skyhorse) can be purchased at bookstores everywhere. Follow @tworstideas Article Info Jan 11, 2017 at 8:04AM Consumer Goods Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $67.13 down $0.84 (-1.24%) Read More Better Buy: Whole Foods Market, Inc. vs. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Here's Why Most Retailers Should Open on Thanksgiving Jet.com Holiday Sales Are Growing Fourfold Thanks to Wal-Mart How Wal-Mart Has Changed in the Last Year When Will Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. Split Its Stock Again? Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool This Wal-Mart Number Will Surprise You #stocks $WMT
Today’s News What’s Hot B2B Payments Business Wire Retail Reinvention Opinion: Karen Webster Data & Research PYMNTS index Indexes Trackers Exclusive Series Commanders In Chief Series EMV Day 1: The Experts Weigh In Inside Innovation Sizzle or Fizzle? TSYS Digital Journey Company Spotlight Topic TBD Digital Discussions Sign Up #PYMNTalks (PODCASTS) 2016 PYMNTS.com/Alexa Challenge Events Live Shows MATCHMAKERS Report Store Pay-ology Videos Newsletter Signup Today’s News OPINION Karen Webster Data & Research INDEXES TRACKERS Live Shows EVENTS Pay-ology Retail Walmart To Cut Hundreds Of Jobs By PYMNTS Posted on January 11, 2017 Share Tweet Share Share Share Email Walmart is cutting back on its staffing at its headquarters and regional offices as it attempts to scale back its costs.  Most of those cuts will reportedly be coming from Walmart’s human resources department; according to unnamed sources, top executives believe that many of those functions can be filled by consultants. Store positions, it seems, will be largely untouched. “As we’ve previously shared, we are always looking for ways to operate more efficiently and effectively,” Wal-Mart Stores spokesman Greg Hitt told Fortune in an email statement that stopped short of confirming the job cuts.“While we continually look at our corporate structure, we have not made any announcements.” The cuts are comparably small, given that Walmart has 18,000 workers in its HQ alone and 1.4 million nationwide, making it the largest private U.S. employer. The move comes as Walmart is finding its profit margins increasingly under pressure — store workers have seen their wages increase $2.7 billion per year on average over the last two years, and Walmart has invested big and hard into bridging the gap into e-commerce. And this latest round of cuts is not a total outlier — 7,000 accounting and invoicing positions were cut within U.S. stores in September of last year so that workers were freed up for in-store customer service. In 2015, the company cut 450 jobs at its headquarters to become nimbler. Walmart is also not alone at the layoff party in progress — Macy’s is cutting 10,000 jobs and closing 68 stores this year, while The Limited this weekend laid off 4,000 workers as it closed all its stores but kept its web site active. Related Items:Retail, walmart, What's Hot Share Tweet Share Share Share Email Recommended for you Hacker Tracker: Neutralizing ATM Jackpotting IPOs May Mark 2017 Unicorns How Wellington’s 20 Percent Advantage Is Fueling Tech Growth Get our hottest stories delivered to your inbox. Signup for the PYMNTS.com Newsletter to get updates on top stories and viral hits. email: Click to comment Post navigation Chinese Banks Try To Get In On Mobile Pay Korea Testing Putting Change On Cards To Move To Coinless Society TRENDING RIGHT NOW 2.4K Banking More Than 50 Percent Of ATMs Now Branch-Independent 2.1K Apple Apple’s Latest Antitrust Troubles 2.0K B2B Payments CSI globalVCard Incubator Calls For More B2B Payments Innovation 1.9K Blockchain Ripple’s XRP To Trade On Bitstamp Exchange 1.9K Alternative Finances The Power Of POS Financing 1.6K Artificial Intelligence Your Brain On AI 1.6K Security & Fraud Underinsurance Leaves Shippers Exposed To Cybercrime 1.6K Partnerships / Acquisitions Groupon Gains On Alibaba Takeover Rumors 1.5K eCommerce Making Digital Conversions Smart Again 1.4K Apple Apple Drives 40% Of Bluetooth Headphone Sales 1.4K Blockchain Blockchain Tracker: Good For Governments? 1.4K B2B Payments B2B Investors Go Big In Alt-Lending 1.4K Daily Data Dive PYMNTS Daily Data Dive: Alibaba + Intime 1.4K Security & Fraud Russian Memo Claims Telegram Secure Messaging App Was Hacked, Too 1.3K Economy PACE Loans Starting To Look Like Pre-Crisis Subprime What's next in payments and commerce Newsletter Signup About Terms & Conditions Contact © 2016 What’s Next Media and Data Analytics, LLC To Top
Home Contact Us Editorial & Research Privacy Policy Terms Home Business Technology Markets Internet Earnings About Editorial & Research Contact Us Advertising Locations Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) agreed to settle disability-rights suit Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) has agreed to settle a disability-rights suit by installing equipment in its stores in California that will enable people in wheelchairs to read the screens at checkout display terminals and make credit card purchases on their own. The proposed settlement in federal court in San Francisco is intended to make the point-of-sale machines at Walmart’s more than 200 stores in the state accessible to the more than 300,000 Californians who use wheelchairs or motorized scooters. Full details have not been disclosed, but a person involved in the case said Monday that the company had agreed to install a device that would accommodate disabled customers. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) traded 8.66 Million shares and was closed at $68.71 per share. The current share price indicates that stock is -7.96% away from its one year high and is moving 17.45% ahead of its one year low. Stock monthly performance is recorded as -2.68% while its performance in last 5 sessions is -0.59%. Analyst’s Analysis on Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) At the movement stock is under coverage by number of analysts. 4 given Buy rating to the stock whereas 2 analysts given UNDERPERFORM rating to stock and 19 analysts given HOLD rating. The consensus recommendation by Thomson Reuters analysts is Hold and their mean rating for the stock is 2.71 on scale of 1-5. Analysts mean target price for Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) is $74.59 while their mean recommendation is 2.70 (1=Buy, 5=sell). The Board of Directors of RGC Resources, Inc. (NASDAQ:RGCO) declared a quarterly dividend of $0.2175 per share on the Company’s common stock. The indicated annual dividend is $0.87 per share, a $0.06 or 7.4% per share increase over the prior annual level. The dividend will be paid on February 1, 2017 to shareholders of record on January 17, 2017. This is the Company’s 291st consecutive quarterly cash dividend. RGC Resources, Inc. (NASDAQ:RGCO) shares moved to $25.58 on Monday. Weekly volatility of RGCO is 0.74% and monthly volatility is 0.64%. Stock performance in last five sessions is recorded as 2.42% while year to date (YTD) performance is 2.42%. RGCO Gross Margin is 53.40% and its return on assets is 3.70%. Stock 3 months performance is recorded as 5.68%. Semiconductor Manufacturing Int’l (ADR) (NYSE:SMI) traded 2.35 Million shares and was closed at $7.39 per share. The current share price indicate that stock is -4.49% away from its one year high and is moving 92.45% ahead of its one year low. Stock monthly performance is recorded as 13.17% while its performance in last 5 sessions is -3.02%. Analyst’s Analysis on Semiconductor Manufacturing Int’l (ADR) (NYSE:SMI) At the movement stock is under coverage by number of analysts. At the movement stock is under coverage by number of analysts. 2 given Buy rating to the stock whereas 1 analyst given UNDERPERFORM rating to stock and 1 analyst given HOLD rating. The consensus recommendation by Thomson Reuters analysts is Outperform and their mean rating for the stock is 2.25 on scale of 1-5. Analysts mean target price for Semiconductor Manufacturing Int’l (ADR) (NYSE:SMI) is $6.64 while their mean recommendation is 2.30 (1=Buy, 5=sell). Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ESPR) shares moved to $13.84 on Monday. Weekly volatility of ESPR is 4.64% and monthly volatility is 4.68%. Stock performance in last five sessions is recorded as 10.54% while year to date (YTD) performance is 10.54%. ESPR return on assets is -21.10%. Firm quarterly performance is 2.52%. Analyst Recommendation on Esperion Therapeutics, Inc. (NASDAQ:ESPR) Number of analysts are covering this stock and currently stock has got OUTPERFORM rating from 2 analysts of Thomson Reuters, 6 analysts given HOLD rating to the stock. Analyst’s mean target price for ESPR is $19.22 while analysts mean recommendation is 2.70. About Abby Foster View all posts by Abby Foster → Stock Highlights: The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. (NYSE:GBX), QUALCOMM, Inc. (NASDAQ:QCOM), The Charles Schwab Corporation (NYSE:SCHW), Uranium Resources, Inc. (NASDAQ:URRE) January 15, 2017 Today’s Analyst Coverage: Transocean Ltd. (NYSE:RIG), WPX Energy, Inc. (NYSE:WPX), Under Armour, Inc. (NYSE:UA), ZIOPHARM Oncology, Inc. (NASDAQ:ZIOP) January 15, 2017 Investors Alert: GoPro, Inc. (NASDAQ:GPRO), Advanced Micro Devices, Inc. (NASDAQ:AMD), NVIDIA Corporation (NASDAQ:NVDA), Micron Technology, Inc. (NASDAQ:MU) January 14, 2017 Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Recent Popular Comments Stock Highlights: The Greenbrier Companies, Inc. (... January 15, 2017 Today’s Analyst Coverage: Transocean Ltd. (NYSE:RI... January 15, 2017 Investors Alert: GoPro, Inc. (NASDAQ:GPRO), Advanc... January 14, 2017 Hot Analysts Coverage: Ford Motor Company (NYSE:F)... January 14, 2017 Investors Choice: Alibaba Group Holding Ltd (NYSE:... January 14, 2017 Booming Stocks: Tenet Healthcare Corp. (NYSE:THC),... January 14, 2017 Top Morning News: Groupon, Inc. (NASDAQ:GRPN), The... November 27, 2016 1 Toyota Motor Corporation (NYSE:TM) chief shifts ge... December 1, 2016 1 3D Systems (NYSE:DDD)’s board approved changes to ... December 29, 2016 1 VBI Vaccines Inc. (NASDAQ:VBIV) raised $23.6 milli... December 10, 2016 1 Intel Corporation (NASDAQ:INTC) Integrates True Ke... December 12, 2016 1 NIKE, Inc. (NYSE:NKE)’s basketball footwear brand ... January 5, 2017 1 John Having launched Sci-B-Vac commercially in 15 coun... January 9, 2017 M.I.C. Seriously?This is a bs article in which the write... January 5, 2017 John s I doubt iwill ever use Microsoft's Edge browser ,... January 3, 2017 James McRitchie Victory at DDD for wife's proxy access proposal. December 29, 2016 RobSez My question is, are consumers going to be eager t... December 2, 2016 Bobi The consumer demand for automotive innovation wil... December 1, 2016 ©2016 Benchmark Monitor
Home News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Report It! Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live 33° F Overcast Hi: 35° F Lo: 34° F Radar Forecast Closings & Delays 3 Weather Alerts 4 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Latest Headlines Semi loses control and almost hits Kansas Highway Patrolman 5:00 pm Trooper William Poland was traveling east on I-70 in Russell County as a semi-truck, driving too fast for the icy conditions, lost control. … Thousands attend US rallies to support Obama health law 3:53 pm Labor unions were a strong presence at the rally in a parking lot at Macomb County Community College in the Detroit suburb of Warren, where … Parts of Kansas deal with ice 2:48 pm Widow of slain Oregon standoff leader carries on his mission 12:51 pm Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus 12:04 pm Weather Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Current Conditions 33° F Overcast Feels Like: 24° F Wind: ENE 12 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 30° F Sunrise: 7:40 AM Sunset: 5:24 PM Current Weather Radar 7 Day Sponsored by: Sports Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Lewis, Willock lead K-State WBB over Oklahoma State January 14, 2017 STILLWATER, Okla. (AP) — Breanna Lewis scored 15 points, Eternati Willock had her first career double-double and No. 25 Kansas State defeate… No. 2 Kansas tops pesky Oklahoma State January 14, 2017 Kansas travels to Ames, Iowa to take on the Iowa State on Monday. Lecomte helps No. 1 Baylor hold off No. 25 K-State January 14, 2017 Full Court Press 01/13/17 January 13, 2017 Chiefs/Steelers playoff game moved to 7:20 p.m. Sunday January 13, 2017 Report It! Community Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Local organization helps area children see circus for free January 12, 2017 The annual ticket giveaway is part of the Shriner’s mission to provide entertainment programs for children. Kansas City Triple Shooting January 1, 2017 Kansas City police are investigating three separate triple shootings in a violent New Year’s holiday weekend. Community mourns the loss of a 6-year-old who died in a fire December 28, 2016 Fight at West Ridge Mall December 27, 2016 Wichita man surprises military family with Christmas display December 22, 2016 Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live Search for: Search the site 33° F Overcast Hi: 35° F Lo: 34° F Slain Orlando officer responded to Pulse nightclub massacre Heather Pelat, Media General Published: January 11, 2017, 6:24 am Updated: January 11, 2017, 10:28 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Related Coverage Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers Autopsy: Pulse gunman hit by 8 bullets in police shootout Father of Orlando shooter sighted at Hillary Clinton event ORLANDO, Fla. (MEDIA GENERAL/AP) — The Orlando police sergeant who was shot and killed this week was one of the first responders to last summer’s mass shooting at Pulse, a gay nightclub in the city. Police cars surround the Pulse Orlando nightclub, the scene of a fatal shooting, in Orlando, Fla., Sunday, June 12, 2016. (AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack) The Orlando Police Department said Tuesday Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was among the officers who responded to Pulse nightclub as shots rang out during the early morning hours of June 12, 2016. Forty-nine people at the club were killed by gunman Omar Mateen in what is now the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. On Monday, Clayton was gunned down outside a Walmart as she approached a suspect who was wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant girlfriend last December. Markeith Loyd (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff’s Office) Suspect Markeith Loyd fled the scene, and a $100,000 reward is now being offered for information leading to his arrest. Loyd, 41, has a criminal record that dates back two decades, including a murder charge in 1996 that was later dropped and battery on an officer in 1998. Records show he was released from prison in July 2014. Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the Orlando Police Department, leaves behind a husband and a son. A GoFundMe has been set up to raise money to help her family. Orlando police officer shooting View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Markeith Loyd, 41, is wanted for the shooting death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, left, was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Law enforcement officials stand near the entrance to a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) A law enforcement vehicle drives near a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say an officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, an 11-year-veteran, died in a motorcycle crash while pursing murder suspect Markeith Loyd on Jan. 9, 2017 (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer calls for an official day of mourning following the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings speaks to the media during a news conference announcing the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. One of his deputies was killed in a motorcycle crash while pursuing the suspect. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orlando police officer shooting x Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Markeith Loyd, 41, is wanted for the shooting death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, left, was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Law enforcement officials stand near the entrance to a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) A law enforcement vehicle drives near a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say an officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, an 11-year-veteran, died in a motorcycle crash while pursing murder suspect Markeith Loyd on Jan. 9, 2017 (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer calls for an official day of mourning following the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings speaks to the media during a news conference announcing the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. One of his deputies was killed in a motorcycle crash while pursuing the suspect. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Related Headlines Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers Autopsy: Pulse gunman hit by 8 bullets in police shootout Father of Orlando shooter sighted at Hillary Clinton event                     Latest Galleries KSNT Top Five: 2016 US Bank Robbery Suspect US Bank Robbery Suspect Kobach’s DHS plan Kobach’s DHS plan Kobach Papers Gallery: Severe weather hits NE Kansas October 6, 2016 Topeka Police Department Statistics Manhattan truck crash KSNT News goes back to school The Associated Press contributed to this report. Share this: Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Slain Orlando sergeant remembered for serving her community Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers Officer killed in Orlando, manhunt underway for suspect Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNT News © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy EEO Report FCC Public File (KSNT) FCC Public File (KTKA) FCC Public File (KTMJ) Children’s Programming (KSNT) Children’s Programming (KTKA) Children’s Programming (KTMJ) Partners Media General KSN.com Sections News Weather Features Video More Station Contact Us Report It Why Advertise With Us? Mobile Text Alerts Email Updates KSNT News Daily Email Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
AL.com Alabama Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Menu Home Set Your Edition Alabama News Business Opinion Sports High School Sports Entertainment Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Classifieds FIND&SAVE Photos & Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Politics Education Crime Religion Your Community Back to Main Menu Hoover Vestavia Hills Homewood Mountain Brook Birmingham Bessemer Pelham Trussville Gardendale Fultondale Madison Limestone County The Shoals Back to Main Menu Find a Local Business Latest Job News Career Advice Press Releases Submit a Press Release Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu AL.com Opinion Guest Opinion Submit a letter to the editor Back to Main Menu Alabama Football Alabama Basketball More Alabama Sports Auburn Football Auburn Basketball More Auburn Sports Recruiting High School Sports SEC More Alabama Colleges Sports Odds Outdoors Pro Sports More Back to Main Menu UAB USA Troy UNA Jacksonville State Alabama A&M Alabama State Auburn-Montgomery Birmingham-Southern Miles College Montevallo Samford University of Mobile West Alabama Spring Hill UAH Tuskegee Back to Main Menu NFL NBA MLB NHL Motorsports Alabama Hammers Birmingham Barons Mobile Bay Bears Montgomery Biscuits Atlanta Braves Back to Main Menu Football Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Golf Girls Golf Girls Volleyball Wrestling Girls Winter Track Boys Winter Track Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Living Movies Music Food & Drink Dining Travel Celebrations Health & Fitness Books Home & Garden Weddings Birmingham Magazine Comics Puzzles & Games Best of Alabama Back to Main Menu Birmingham Events Huntsville Events Mobile Events Submit your event Back to Main Menu Birmingham Dining Huntsville Dining Mobile Dining Restaurant Guide Back to Main Menu Birmingham Obituaries Huntsville Obituaries Mobile Obituaries Back to Main Menu Search Job Openings List a Job Latest Job News Career Advice Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Fraud Prevention Place An Ad Manage Your Ad More Classifieds Back to Main Menu Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Back to Main Menu AL.com Studios AL.com Photos Purchase AL.com Photos AL.com Videos Alabama Crimson Tide video Auburn Tigers video 5-Star Super Show SEC Shorts Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Visit us on Google Plus This Is Alabama on Instagram See our Pinterest page Back to Main Menu The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Anniston/Gadsden Beaches Alabama Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search AL.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to AL.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Email newsletters Alabama Change Region Real-Time News from AL.com Walmart plans hundreds of layoffs this week Posted on January 11, 2017 at 6:39 AM Leada Gore lgore@al.com Walmart is expected to layoff hundreds of higher-level employees this week.File photo/Gulflive.com  Walmart is planning a round of layoffs, with most of the cuts coming at the chain's Bentonville, Arkansas-headquarters and regional offices. The cuts will come before Jan. 31, the end of the retailer's current fiscal year, the Wall Street Journal first reported. As many as 500 employees - some as high as vice president-level - could lose their jobs with other reductions planned for the human resources department. Walmart has not confirmed the cuts but told Fortune the retailer is "continually (looking) at our corporate structure." "We are always looking for ways to operate more efficiently and effectively," Walmart Stores spokesman Greg Hitt said. In September, Walmart cut about 7,000 back-office jobs, mostly accounting and invoicing positions at its U.S. locations. The cutbacks come as the retailer deals with higher employee costs and increased competition from online businesses such as Amazon. Walmart employs 1.4 million workers nationwide, about 18,000 at its Arkansas headquarters. It's the country's biggest retailer and the largest private U.S. employer. About Us About Alabama Media Group Jobs at Alabama Media Group Advertise with us News In Education Frequently Asked Questions About AL.com Contact Us Online Store Already a Subscriber? Manage your subscription Delivery feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment Customer Service Place an ad Get home delivery Promote your event in our calendar Send us an email Submit a news tip Buy newspaper front pages, poster and more AL.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Travel Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Anniston/Gadsden Birmingham Huntsville Mobile Montgomery Tuscaloosa Gulf Coast Beaches On the Go Mobile Apps | Tablet Apps More on AL.com Videos Photos Interact with us Weather Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Site Map & search Sponsor Content Become a Member The Birmingham News The Huntsville Times Press-Register Free newsletters Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Alabama Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Alabama Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Top Local Stories Winter staying mild in Central Florida Weather Man arrested in fatal shooting after barricading himself in Apopka home News Hundreds gather for funeral of fallen OCSO Deputy Norman Lewis News WWE Former pro wrestler Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Entertainment SpaceX launches, lands Falcon 9 rocket Space News Photo courtesy of SCSO SCSO seeks help finding missing Casselberry girl News Family, friends, officers gather to say goodbye to Lt. Debra Clayton News Pedestrian dead after struck by vehicle on Pine Hills Road, FHP says News Woman killed in hit-and-run on I-95, FHP says News Death investigation underway in unincorporated Cocoa, deputies say News Lake Mary police investigate apparent road-rage shooting News Warm, mostly dry Sunday in central Florida Weather News Latest updates: Manhunt for suspected Orlando cop killer continues $100,000 reward offered for Markeith Loyd By Emilee Speck - Digital journalist Posted: 12:58 PM, January 10, 2017 Updated: 5:15 PM, January 14, 2017 More News Headlines Fear, frustration over accused cop killer Markeith Loyd on the run Slain officer's best friend: 'She loved people' Over 100 attend vigil held for deputies killed in line of duty Latest updates: Manhunt for suspected Orlando cop killer continues Slain Orlando officer praised by teens she mentored Family mourns loss of beloved officer Timeline: How the hunt for Markeith Loyd has unfolded Q&A: What Crimeline is doing to help catch Markeith Loyd ORLANDO, Fla. - Hundreds of law enforcement officers continue to search for wanted fugitive Markeith Loyd after police said he shot and killed Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Monday outside the Walmart at Princeton Street and John Young Parkway. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings told News 6 Tuesday morning that authorities believe Loyd, 41, is still in the Orlando area. Authorities say they have received hundreds of tips about Loyd's whereabouts. Loyd is also wanted on murder charges in the Dec. 13 slaying of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. A $100,000 reward is offered for information leading to Loyd’s arrest. Anyone who sees him is asked to call Crimeline at 800-423-TIPS or 911 and not to approach Loyd. Authorities said he should be considered armed and dangerous. News 6 will post updates to the search below. SATURDAY 2:45 p.m. OPD chief promotes Clayton Orlando Police Chief John Mina posthumously promoted fallen Master Sgt. Debra Clayton to the rank of lieutenant. 1:13 p.m. Family, friends, colleagues gather for funeral The funeral for fallen Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton is scheduled to begin at 2 p.m. at First Baptist Church of Orlando. Meanwhile, a manhunt continues for Loyd, who is suspected of shooting and killed Clayton, weeks after police said he shot and killed his pregnant ex-girlfriend. A funeral Orange County Deputy Norman Lewis, who died in a crash during a manhunt for Loyd, is scheduled to take place Sunday. FRIDAY 3:18 p.m. Officers respond to tips in Haines City Haines City Police Chief Jay Hopwood said said a few people have called in tips about possible Loyd sightings. Loyd has family in the Polk County town. Haines City police are in contact with Orlando police and want Loyd found, Hopwood said. 1:42 p.m. Incident causes scare in Rosemont An incident in Rosemont caused a scare for residents and prompted police to draw their guns. A family found someone sleeping in their car near North Lane and Watch Hill Road, causing concern that it could be Loyd. Police said it turned out to be a juvenile who got kicked out of his home and fell asleep in his friend's parents' vehicle. 1:15 p.m. Processional for fallen Orlando police officer The processional carrying fallen Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton to First Orlando Baptist passes by City Hall and OPD HQ. 11:43 a.m. More Crimeline tips Crimeline told News 6 that it has received 993 tips in connection with the Loyd case. A $100,000 reward is being offered for information leading to Loyd's capture. 8:10 a.m. Authorities in Polk issue alerts The search for Loyd expanded into Polk County, as authorities in Haines City issued an alert about the suspected cop killer. Haines City police said Loyd has family in the area and may be hiding in the city.  Lakeland police and the Polk County Sheriff's Office also tweeted information about the search for Loyd, urging residents to call 911 and vowing to find Loyd if he's in the area. 7:30 a.m. Support for fallen officers Nearly $45,000 has been raised for the GoFundMe account of fallen Orlando police Sgt. Debra Clayton. More than $27,000 has poured into the GoFundMe account of Orange County sheriff's Deputy Norman Lewis, who died in a crash during the manhunt for Loyd. 12:55 a.m. Funeral for fallen deputy postponed The Orange County Sheriff's Office announces that the funeral for Lewis has been postponed until Sunday because of a family emergency. THURSDAY  3:30 p.m. Suspected cop killer shot in bullet-proof vest Orlando police Chief John Mina said Thursday that clothing worn by Loyd at the time of the shooting was found hours later. Mina said the clothing was found in the immediate search area. "We found his shirts and pants," said Mina, adding that the shirt indicated that Loyd was struck in the chest area but was not seriously injured because he was wearing a bullet-proof vest. 2 p.m. OPD to hold news conference Orlando police Chief John Mina schedules a "brief media availability" for 3:30 p.m. at police headquarters. No details have been released. 1:30 p.m. Crimeline continues to get tips With a $100,000 reward being offered for information leading to the capture of Loyd, Crimeline told News 6 on Thursday that it has received 750 tips since Loyd was named as a suspected cop killer. 1 p.m. GoFundMe updates Funds pledged to fallen Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton's GoFundMe account have reached nearly $42,000.  Money given to the GoFundMe page for Orange County sheriff's Deputy Norman Lewis topped $23,300. 9:30 a.m. Judge sets steep bonds  Lakensha Smith-Loyd and Jameis Slaughter appear before an Orange County judge. Slaughter's bond is set at $505,000 and Smith-Loyd's bond is set at $750,000. The prosecutor said in court that Smith-Loyd knows where her uncle Markeith Loyd is. "I think it's reasonable to assert that as she stands here today, she knows where he is and has not furnished that information," the prosecutor said. 9:16 a.m. Tips investigated in Volusia The search for Loyd led investigators to Lake County, officials said. "We’ve checked on a few tips and suspected sightings, but nothing (was) corroborated and (there is) no indication that Markeith Loyd is in Deltona," the Lake County Sheriff's Office said. 7:10 a.m. Police flooded with tips Orlando police tweet that more than 550 tips have been received in the search for Loyd. The reward for Loyd remains at $100,000. Facebook Markeith Loyd pictured in 2016. The suspect weighs 200 pounds and is 6'2." "We follow up on every viable lead," OPD tweeted. "Call @CrimelineFL (at) 800-423-TIPS." 7 a.m. Money pours in for fallen officers As of early Thursday, nearly $40,000 has been raised on GoFundMe for fallen Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, who authorities said was shot and killed by Loyd. About $20,000 has been raised for Orange County sheriff's deputy Norman Lewis, who died in a crash during a manhunt for Loyd. 5 a.m. Police turn up heat Authorities are making good on promises to go after people they think helped a fugitive in the weeks before he was wanted in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police sergeant. Markeith Loyd's niece, Lakensha Smith-Loyd, was arrested Wednesday on an accessory charge. Later the same day, authorities arrested an ex-girlfriend of Loyd's: Jameis Slaughter, who also faces an accessory charge. And a day earlier, Zarghee Mayan, the fugitive's supervisor at a fried chicken restaurant, was arrested. WEDNESDAY 8:15 p.m. Third arrest made A woman was arrested in connection with the search for Loyd. Officials identified the woman as Jameis Slaughter, an ex-girlfriend of Loyd. 7 p.m. More arrests pending, deputies say A possible third arrest could happen Wednesday night in connection with Loyd. Deputies set up barriers along the intake driveway to the Orange County Jail.  3 p.m. Loyd's niece arrested Lakensha Smith-Loyd is arrested on an aiding and abetting charge for transporting $200 to Loyd after Dixon's murder, police said. 12:40 p.m. Orange County Sheriff's Office creates GoFundMe page for Deputy Lewis The Orange County Sheriff's Office started a GoFundMe page to raise money for Lewis' parents. “All money donated will go directly to Norman's parents, Mr. and Mrs. John and Norma Lewis, for their sudden upcoming expenses,”  according to the GoFundMe page for Lewis. 12:05 p.m. Updated Sgt. Clayton funeral arrangements A public viewing for Sgt. Debra Clayton will be held on Jan. 13 from 6 to 9 p.m. at First Baptist of Orlando, her funeral will be on Jan. 14 at 2 p.m. also at the First Baptist of Orlando. Read more information here. 10:45 a.m. Man arrested for helping Loyd, officials say A 33-year-old Orlando man was arrested on a charge of accessory after the fact to first-degree murder. An arrest affidavit says Zarghee Mayan helped Loyd avoid capture after the shooting death of Loyd's ex-girlfriend in mid-December. 9:40 a.m. Tipsters continue to call in Crimeline Executive Director Barb Bergen told News 6 the crime tip line has received more than 550 tips in the past 48 hours with possible information about Loyd. Crimeline gets about 1,000 tips a month. 7 a.m. GoFundMe account grows Contributions to the GoFundMe account established for fallen Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton has reached more than $26,000. The original goal was $10,000, but it's been increased to $30,000.  A similar account will be set up for Orange County sheriff's Deputy Norman Lewis, who died in a crash during the manhunt for Loyd. 12 a.m. Manhunt continues for Markeith Loyd Hundreds of officers continue to look for Loyd as the search enters Day 3. Authorities said investigators are following up on hundreds of tips. "If anybody out there is listening, if you know where he's at and you call us, 3 o'clock in the morning,  3 o'clock this afternoon, we will have people prepared to dispatch to go capture him," Orlando police Chief John Mina said. TUESDAY 7 p.m. Vigil held outside Walmart Mourners plan to gather outside the Walmart where Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot. Flowers and other objects have been left in the grocery store's parking lot in honor of the fallen officer. 2:30 p.m. Arrest warrants pending for people authorities believe aided Loyd  Orlando Police Chief John Mina, Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings and Crimeline executive director Barb Bergin provided an update on the hundreds of tips they are receiving about Loyd's whereabouts. Demings said the Orange County Sheriff's Office is working to get arrest warrants signed Tuesday for people who they believe helped Loyd avoid arrest over the last month. Bergin said Crimeline has received more than 300 tips since Monday about Loyd. Bergin also urged more people to come forward with information. "Please understand, when we say anonymous, we truly mean anonymous." Bergin said. "We just need to know where (Loyd) is at." Bergin said tipsters can call at any time of day or night.  The $100,000 reward for information leading to Loyd's arrest came from "people in the community coming forward who want to see this individual captured," Bergin said. 2:17 p.m. Reward reaches $100,000, FBI most wanted  Markeith Loyd is the suspect in the murder of Orlando, Florida Police M. SGT. Debra Clayton. Anyone w/info please call 1-800-423-TIPS. pic.twitter.com/PINV0Mgjqt— FBI Most Wanted (@FBIMostWanted) January 10, 2017 The FBI tweets Loyd's photo. The reward for tips leading to his arrest goes up to $100,000. 12:10 p.m. Lake County home searched Orange County and Orlando law enforcement searched a home in the Clermont subdivision of Tradd Landing after the Sheriff’s Office received a tip. With permission from the homeowner, SWAT searched the resident and cleared the home. SWAT team members did not find Loyd. Monday search effort Heavily armed Orlando SWAT team members went door to door Monday afternoon into the evening at the Brookeside apartment complex off Orange Blossom Trail searching for Loyd. SWAT eventually breached an apartment using a battering ram, but Loyd was not found.   More News 6 team coverage:  Timeline: How the hunt for Markeith Loyd unfolded Massive manhunt for suspected Orlando cop killer enters Day 2 Friends mourn loss of deputy killed searching for suspected cop killer What we know about fallen Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton Witness describes moments after OPD officer was fatally shot Shooter in pregnant woman's death has extensive criminal history Photos: Orlando officer slain, Orange County deputy dies, manhunt Copyright 2017 by WKMG ClickOrlando - All rights reserved. × News Headlines Man arrested in fatal shooting after barricading himself in Apopka home Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined Hundreds gather for funeral of fallen OCSO Deputy Norman Lewis POOL via CNN Trump hints at European immigration restrictions JUAN BARRETO/AFP/Getty Images 100-bolivar notes get extension as Venezuela crisis continues Latest Videos Ringling Brothers circus to close SWAT team searches in Rosemont area Hundreds gather to remember Deputy Lewis Sheriff Demings posthumously awards Purple Heart to Deputy Norman Lewis Slideshows CNN Spotify's most streamed workout artists Frazer Harrison/Getty Images Golden Globes 2017: Red Carpet U.S./World News These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined Obama's advice to Trump on being president Trump hints at European immigration restrictions 100-bolivar notes get extension as Venezuela crisis continues Trending http://www.clickorlando.com
lehighvalleylive.com Menu Home News Local Sports High School Sports Entertainment Place an Ad Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Obituaries Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Opinion Photos/Videos Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Education Business Traffic Elections The Express-Times Newsletter More Back to Main Menu Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Nazareth Slate Belt Northampton County Lehigh County Warren County Back to Main Menu High School Eagles Giants Phillies More Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys basketball Girls basketball Boys swimming Girls swimming Offseason sports Back to Main Menu Boys soccer Girls soccer Field hockey Girls volleyball Boys cross country Girls cross country Girls tennis Boys golf Baseball Softball Boys lacrosse Girls lacrosse Boys track and field Girls track and field Boys tennis Boys volleyball Back to Main Menu Food & Dining Events Puzzles Comics More Entertainment Back to Main Menu Event Calendar Submit an event Back to Main Menu Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu The Express-Times Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search lehighvalleylive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to lehighvalleylive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Express-Times comments Plans for Lehigh Valley's newest Wal-Mart Supercenter in limbo Print Email Nick Falsone | For lehighvalleylive.com By Nick Falsone | For lehighvalleylive.com The Express-Times Email the author on January 11, 2017 at 6:33 AM, updated January 11, 2017 at 11:37 AM comments Nearly four years have passed since Wal-Mart first announced plans for a new supercenter in Lehigh Township, but the discount retailer still has a long way to go before the supercenter gets built. The nearly 160,000-square-foot project is targeted for land off Route 145 and Birch Road, just south of Walnutport and several miles north of the bustling MacArthur Road commercial corridor in Whitehall Township. In April 2013, Wal-Mart first confirmed its intentions to build on the site. Plans were submitted to the township last August, but have yet to be approved by the township's board of supervisors, a move that would clear the way for construction to begin.   They last went before the Lehigh Township Planning Commission on Dec. 12, and planning commission members expressed concerns about the proposed traffic layout, Lehigh Township Manager Alice Rehrig said Tuesday. The plans currently call for a roundabout instead of a traditional traffic signal at the entrance to the supercenter's parking lot off Route 145. Rehrig said some planning commission members were "not happy about" the proposed configuration. The following site plan for a new Wal-Mart Supercenter off Route 145 in Lehigh Township has been submitted to the township. (Image via lehightownship.com)   Last month's meeting was only a discussion, and the planning commission has yet to give a recommendation to the board of supervisors on the project. As of Tuesday, Wal-Mart had not yet submitted revised plans addressing the concerns about the traffic layout. The site plan for the overall project shows a 158,559-square-foot store space that includes an express tire and lube center surrounded by a 661-space parking lot. A detached Wal-Mart convenience store and gas station with five pumps would front the property on Route 145, the site plan shows. Cops: Big-box stores eating manpower Rehrig said it's hard to give a timeline on the supercenter's development, citing there are a number of outside agencies also reviewing the plans. Among them are the Pennsylvania Department of Transportation and the Northampton County Conservation District. She also said there has been some opposition to the project from township residents. The Lehigh Township site is not the only one Wal-Mart is targeting locally for a new supercenter. Plans for a similar-sized one off Route 412 in South Bethlehem went before the Bethlehem Planning Commission for the first time last summer. The commission, citing a number of concerns including the development not fitting the character of the neighborhood, sent developers back to the drawing board. Wal-Mart still remains committed to the project, a city official said Tuesday.   Nick Falsone may be reached at nfalsone@lehighvalleylive.com. Follow him on Twitter @nickfalsone. Find lehighvalleylive.com on Facebook.   Most Read Active Discussions About Us About lehighvalleylive.com Jobs at lehighvalleylive.com Contact Us Advertise with us Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions Subscribe to The Express-Times lehighvalleylive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Apartment Rentals Classifieds Find n Save Local Businesses Your Regional News Pages Easton Bethlehem Allentown Phillipsburg Lehigh County Warren County Nazareth Slate Belt Hunterdon County Northampton County Upper Bucks Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on lehighvalleylive.com Photos Interact with us Weather Sitemap & search Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Follow Us iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 PennLive LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of PennLive LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
U.S. Editions Australia Edition China Edition India Edition Italy Edition Japan Edition Singapore Edition United Kingdom United States Jan 15, 9:18 PM EST Subscribe Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Search Search Business Technology World National Media & Culture Millennial Money Entertainment Sports Subscribe National Hostess Deep Fried Twinkies Debut: 5 Outrageous Recipes You Can Make At Home By Alexandra Suarez On 08/12/16 AT 1:03 PM Close Hostess has taken the fried Twinkie from sacred carnival treat to household dessert. The pastry company has found a way to offer its customers an alternative to the fried snacks that do not require the use of an actual deep-fryer. On Friday, Hostess Brands released its new Deep Fried Twinkies – pre-fried, frozen snacks that can be made at home. The new Twinkies come coated in funnel cake batter and oil and are immediately frozen and packaged. The new Twinkies can be purchased in the frozen foods section at Wal-Mart exclusively, reported the Associated Press. After three months, the fried Twinkies will become available at other store locations. Vice president of marketing at Hostess Brands Ellen Copaken also revealed that the treats could even be marketed abroad eventually. A box of seven Twinkies will cost $4.76. Customers just have to bake the treats at 350 degrees for six to eight minutes, although they can also be prepared in a toaster oven. Related Stories Hostess Brands Goes Public In New Sale Walmart To Sell Twinkies Three Days Prior To National Release Date Twinkies were discontinued back in 2012 after Hostess filed for Chapter 11 bankruptcy. The pastry cakes were brought back in 2013 after private equity firms Apollo Global Management and Metropoulous & Co. laid out a $410 million deal with the company. Since Twinkies’ comeback, Hostess has collaborated with major brands like Wal-Mart to create limited-edition Twinkies snacks. Previous limited-edition recipes for Wal-Mart included a mint chocolate-flavored cake, which debuted in December 2015, and a “Key Lime Slime” Twinkie for the new “Ghostbusters,” film which hit theaters last month. In honor of the Hostess Brand’s new deep-fried treat, we rounded up five of the most insane fried Twinkie recipes from the internet. From the Bourbon-infused to the bacon-wrapped, here are five recipes you can try ASAP (or attempt to try, as some of the listed are proprietary recipes). Bacon-wrapped Deep Fried Twinkies: A fail-safe party favorite, the bacon-wrapped Twinkie is for the bacon lovers. Check out The Wall Street Journal's recipe here. Bourbon-infused Deep Fried Twinkies: These Twinkies are drizzled in bourbon before they are deep fried. Thrillist reports the full recipe here.  Deep Fried Twinkie Bacon Burger: This particular delicacy was brought to you by Philadelphia-based restaurant PYT. Their Twinkie burger is comprised of a custom-blend pork belly patty topped with bacon and American cheese, all sandwiched between two deep fried Twinkie "buns."  Deep Fried Corn Flake Beer-battered Twinkies: For a little added crunch and extra flavor, try this beer-battered corn flake recipe from GardenFork.TV.  Twix-stuffed Fried Twinkie (The “Twinx”): The legendary "Twinx" (a deep fried Twinkie stuffed with a Twix bar), made its debut at the Great New York State Fair at food truck, Fried Specialties.  Most Read Everything You Need To Know, Right Now. The IBT Pulse Newsletter keeps you connected to the biggest stories unfolding in the global economy. Please enter a valid email Business Takata Close To Faulty Airbag Settlement The settlement with DOJ reportedly includes a $25 million criminal fine, $125 million in victim compensation, and $850 million to compensate automakers. Technology Galaxy S7, S7 Edge Get Android Nougat Update However, it may be a while before HTC pushes out the official update for its HTC 10 device World Diplomats Warn US Against Moving Embassy To Jerusalem Israel did not attend Sunday's peace conference, saying it was "rigged" against the Jewish state. National Scottish Newspaper Lists Trump Inauguration As Episode Of 'Twilight Zone' Trump is to be sworn into office Friday. The Scottish Sunday Herald characterized it as the start of a "huge interactive virtual reality project." © Copyright 2017 IBT Media Inc. All Rights Reserved. IBT About Us Advertise with Us Media Kit Terms of Service Privacy Policy Editions Australia China India Italy Japan Singapore United Kingdom United States
Home News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery 35° F Overcast Hi: 37° F Lo: 33° F 13 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Latest Headlines Trump: Brexit ‘a great thing,’ EU to continue to break apart Updated: 12 mins ago NEW YORK (AP) — Wading into foreign affairs days before his inauguration, President-elect Donald Trump said Britain’s decision to leave the … Forecast predicts sharp plunge in UK merger activity 7:47 pm LONDON (AP) — Mergers and acquisitions in the U.K. are likely to drop sharply this year amid uncertainty over Britain’s relationship with th… Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Updated: 12 mins ago Attorney General Lynch: ‘We have always pushed forward’ 7:07 pm Gambia president says country must wait for court decision Updated: 12 mins ago Weather Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Current Conditions 35° F Overcast Feels Like: 35° F Wind: E 3 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 32° F Sunrise: 8:08 AM Sunset: 5:50 PM Terre Haute Weather Forecast Radar Tower Cam Satellite Sponsored by: Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery Search for: Search the site 35° F Overcast Hi: 37° F Lo: 33° F Slain Orlando officer responded to Pulse nightclub massacre Heather Pelat, Media General Published: January 10, 2017, 4:48 pm Updated: January 11, 2017, 2:50 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) ORLANDO, Fla. (MEDIA GENERAL/AP) — The Orlando police sergeant who was shot and killed this week was one of the first responders to last summer’s mass shooting at Pulse, a gay nightclub in the city. Police cars surround the Pulse Orlando nightclub, the scene of a fatal shooting, in Orlando, Fla., Sunday, June 12, 2016. (AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack) The Orlando Police Department said Tuesday Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was among the officers who responded to Pulse nightclub as shots rang out during the early morning hours of June 12, 2016. Forty-nine people at the club were killed by gunman Omar Mateen in what is now the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. On Monday, Clayton was gunned down outside a Walmart as she approached a suspect who was wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant girlfriend last December. Markeith Loyd (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff’s Office) Suspect Markeith Loyd fled the scene, and a $100,000 reward is now being offered for information leading to his arrest. Loyd, 41, has a criminal record that dates back two decades, including a murder charge in 1996 that was later dropped and battery on an officer in 1998. Records show he was released from prison in July 2014. Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the Orlando Police Department, leaves behind a husband and a son. A GoFundMe has been set up to raise money to help her family. Orlando police officer shooting View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Markeith Loyd, 41, is wanted for the shooting death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, left, was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Law enforcement officials stand near the entrance to a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) A law enforcement vehicle drives near a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say an officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, an 11-year-veteran, died in a motorcycle crash while pursing murder suspect Markeith Loyd on Jan. 9, 2017 (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer calls for an official day of mourning following the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings speaks to the media during a news conference announcing the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. One of his deputies was killed in a motorcycle crash while pursuing the suspect. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orlando police officer shooting x Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Markeith Loyd, 41, is wanted for the shooting death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, left, was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Law enforcement officials stand near the entrance to a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) A law enforcement vehicle drives near a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say an officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, an 11-year-veteran, died in a motorcycle crash while pursing murder suspect Markeith Loyd on Jan. 9, 2017 (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer calls for an official day of mourning following the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings speaks to the media during a news conference announcing the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. One of his deputies was killed in a motorcycle crash while pursuing the suspect. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.)                     Latest Galleries Police presence in Brazil Ollie & Viv’s Canine Campus Maryland Apartment Fire Fire at Rock Run Cafe and Bakery Farrington’s Grove revitalization Farrington’s Grove revitalization Hello Santa! Vincennes Drug Bust Dec. 13: Snow in the Wabash Valley Light Your Way Christmas Parade The Associated Press contributed to this report. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community Officer dies after shot in Orlando, Deputy dies in vehicle crash 2016 in review: Tragic stories that made headlines Three Pulse families sue social media, alleging aid for ISIS Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Photo Galleries Heroic actions help two escape Terre Haute apartment fire; victims listed in critical but stable condition Hello Santa! PHOTOS: Items confiscated by TSA Holiday shopping 2016: This year’s most dangerous toys Dec. 13: Snow in the Wabash Valley PHOTOS: Santa’s North Pole home valued at $656,957 Photos: Light Your Way Christmas Parade Go Orange to help support awareness for hunger problems Photos: Going Blue for Diabetes Photos: Celebrating Veterans Day 2016 Operation: Honor Flight, Part 1 Photos: Kevin’s No Shave November progress WTHI is taking part in No Shave November Haircuts with a purpose; support members in your community battling cancer Photos: Halloween costumes for 2016 Latest News State troopers create new trend Man arrested after lengthy police chase Waitress finds racist note on customer receipt ‘don’t tip black people’ Woman accused of swinging puppy by neck, posting video to Facebook Man’s 47-point buck takes another step toward being a world record ‘Employment contract’ at Florida restaurant going viral Hundreds gather to support Eldon Strong Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTHITV.com © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News News Local Crime Education Health News Illinois Indiana Southern Indiana US & World On Your Side Photo Galleries Digital Download Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Healthy Living Make a Difference Pet Saver Golden Apple Weather Forecast Radar Closings and Delays Weather Alerts Tower Cams Satellite Severe Weather Current Conditions Text Alerts Weather Pics Weather App More Community Calendar Pump Watch Television Schedule Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Lottery Job Watch 10 Sports Sports College High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State MLB NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Station About WTHI-TV Advertise Contact WTHI-TV Email & Text Alerts Child Programming FCC Public File EEO Report Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions CRIME Suspect in fatal shooting of officer has lengthy record Published January 11, 2017 Associated Press Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print Candles and TV lights illuminate the crowd during a vigil at Wal-Mart store where an Orlando police sergeant was killed Monday and for an Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy killed during a manhunt of the suspect, in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP)  (The Associated Press) FILE - This undated photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd. Loyd is wanted for killing an Orlando police officer outside a Wal-Mart in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Department via AP, File)  (The Associated Press) A wreath and flowers surround Orlando police shooting victim, officer Debra Clayton's patrol car, in front of police headquarters, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Clayton was killed Monday, and a manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux)  (The Associated Press) Previous Next ORLANDO, Fla. –  A suspect who is the focus of a manhunt following the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer has a lengthy criminal record dating back two decades, and authorities had been searching for him in the weeks leading up to the sergeant's killing for questioning in the slaying of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. Deputies had come close to catching 41-year-old Markeith Loyd but he had eluded them, and arrest warrants were being prepared for people who likely helped him, Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said. "There have been times when we just missed him. He has been able to avoid capture," Demings said. As the third day of the manhunt for Loyd started Wednesday, authorities had raised the reward for information leading to his arrest from $60,000 to $100,000. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot Monday morning after she approached Loyd in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando. Many of her colleagues immediately joined the pursuit; among them was a sheriff's deputy who died when he was thrown from his motorcycle in an accident. More than 300 tips from the public have been made, said Barb Bergin, executive director of Crimeline, the tip-line service which is offering the reward and warns in notices that Loyd is "armed and extremely dangerous." "We will not identify you. We just need to know where he is so no one else is hurt," Bergin said in a plea for more tips. Court documents show Loyd's criminal record goes back two decades. He was arrested in 1996 on a murder charge that was later dropped. Loyd was arrested for battery on an officer in 1998 and sentenced to more than four years in prison. While behind bars, he pleaded guilty to cocaine possession from a prior case and was transferred to federal prison. Federal records show he was released in July 2014. More recently, his wife whom he is in the process of divorcing, had filed a request for a temporary injunction against him in 2015, and he followed with a similar request against her three days later. Both requests were eventually dismissed in court. He also had paternity suits from three different women filed against him. His Facebook profile had videos of him working out at a gym and hanging out at a nightclub. He said in a November post, "Goals!!!! To be on Americas (sic) most wanted," followed by a series of laughing-with-tears emojis. Orange County Sheriff's Office deputies in metro Orlando had been looking for Loyd since his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, was killed last December. "Certainly it's upsetting he was out and about and killed Debra Clayton, our first homicide in the city of Orlando this year, one of the officers protecting our community," Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. A vigil was held for Clayton on Tuesday night, and in the Wal-Mart parking lot, shoppers laid more than two dozen bouquets of flowers, teddy bears and candles in a makeshift memorial. Some shoppers, like Hal Shore, stopped to say a prayer or take a photo. "It's important that the country is aware that there is a war against police officers," said Shore, a cabinet maker. An Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy was killed more than two hours after Monday's shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Demings described the 35-year-old Norman Lewis as "a gentle giant," and the sheriff's office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. Funerals were planned for Lewis for Friday and Clayton for Saturday. Advertisement Trending in U.S. 1 Army, local police probe recent mystery deaths of 11 Fort Hood soldiers 2 New evidence suggests D.B. Cooper may have worked for Boeing 3 Woman charged in adopted daughter's death fostered 30 kids 4 Ringling Bros. circus plans to shut down 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 5 Legal group goes to bat for eighth-grader suspended for using oregano in pot prank Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
CONTENT Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide POPULAR TOPICS Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Reviews Columns Buyer's Guide Popular Topics  Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Photography Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science Twitter Google+ Facebook Youtube RSS Search SlashGear Search Walmart Scan & Go finally Android after years on the iPhone JC Torres - Jan 11, 2017 1 Facebook Twitter Google Reddit Checkout lanes in stores are famous for opportunities to practice patience. They don’t have to be, not according to Walmart. Not if you have its futuristic Scan & Go app. Sadly, while that app has actually been in existence since 2013, it only existed for iPhone users. That changes today with Walmart finally rolling it out to Android users to enjoy skipping lines. That is, if you live near the one and only Walmart branch it’s currently working in. The idea behind Scan & Go is genius in its simplicity and, at the same time, sounds too good to be true. You simple scan the UPC code of item you want to add to your (physical) shopping cart using your smartphone. Then when you’re all set, simply pay through the app as well. Before leaving the store, you show the receipt to the guard or authorized personnel and then you can wave those at the line goodbye, with a smug smile on your face. Thank you, technology! Ideal as that scenario may sound, it also sounds like it leaves a lot of room for errors, potential theft, and people gaming the system. So far, there doesn’t seem to be any massive outcry against Scan & Go, despite being on the iPhone for more than 3 years now. Either that speaks highly of the system or no one’s really using it that much. Either way, Android users can finally try it out themselves, whether it’s really a big deal or just a bigger hassle than a traditional checkout. The one huge caveat to Walmart’s Android release is that Scan & Go only works at Walmart #5260 in Rogers, Arkansas. Download: Walmart Scan & Go on Google Play Store VIA: Digital Trends Tags AndroidappWalmart Must Read Bits & Bytes SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion, deploying satellites & landing successfully Nintendo Switch online service: monthly games not really ‘free,’ smartphone-based multiplayer chat Here’s every Nintendo Switch game trailer released so far Andy Rubin created Android: now he’s making the “Essential” smartphone Nintendo Switch: Everything you really need to know Latest Headlines LG G6 promised not to explode Jan 15, 2017 More Nintendo Switch details: 2TB microSD card support, no Miiverse or StreetPass Jan 15, 2017 Apple debuts AirPods ads highlighting Siri and pairing Jan 15, 2017 Amazon seeks FCC permission for secret wireless testing Jan 15, 2017 Chinese app stores ordered to register with government Jan 15, 2017 Latest Reviews 2017 Cadillac CT6 Platinum AWD Review: Luxury, reinvented Jan 11, 2017 The McLaren 570S is my favorite car of 2016 Dec 30, 2016 2017 Hyundai Santa Fe Review: Affordable SUV more than matches its 7 passenger peers Dec 28, 2016 2016 BMW 330e Review: The secret plug-in hybrid Dec 26, 2016 2017 Infiniti Q60 Red Sport 400 Review Dec 26, 2016 Search © 2005-2016 SlashGear, All Rights Reserved. Site Information About Advertise Tip Us Contact Ethics Statement Privacy Policy Terms of Use Archives Social and Media Google+ Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Feed Popular Topics Android Apple Cars Phones Tablets Gaming Computing Apps Software Wearable Entertainment Science
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Police accuse 2 of helping fugitive before officer's killing By Associated Press Published: 19:23 EST, 11 January 2017 | Updated: 19:24 EST, 11 January 2017 e-mail ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Police leading a massive manhunt for the suspected killer of an Orlando officer on Wednesday collected hundreds of tips and announced the arrests of two people who allegedly aided the fugitive, promising to reward anyone who turns him in, and punish anyone who helps him hide. Court records show that Markeith Loyd's niece, 27-year-old Lakensha Smith-Loyd, was arrested on an accessory charge Wednesday, a day after the fugitive's supervisor at a fried chicken restaurant, Zarghee Mayan, was arrested on the same charge. Mayan's arrest affidavit said Smith-Loyd collected money from him to give to her uncle in the days after the slaying of his ex-girlfriend in mid-December. Candles and TV lights illuminate the crowd during a vigil at Wal-Mart store where an Orlando police sergeant was killed Monday and for an Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy killed during a manhunt of the suspect, in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Smith-Loyd's affidavit says she contacted deputies after the ex-girlfriend's murder and promised to help them find her uncle if they first told her whether a firearm had been recovered from the murder scene. Then she stopped cooperating even as she contacted others on her uncle's behalf, the affidavit said. Mayan is accused of supplying restaurant food to his former co-worker, driving him around and offering him money, despite knowing he was wanted in the slaying his pregnant ex-girlfriend, the affidavit said. "Mayan did so with the intent that Markeith Demangzlo Loyd avoid or escape detection, arrest, trial or punishment," the arrest affidavit said. Mayan told authorities his most recent encounter with Loyd was last Saturday, two days before Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Mayan said he noticed that Loyd was armed and wearing body armor when they embraced, according to his arrest affidavit. During another encounter, right after Loyd's ex-girlfriend was killed in mid-December, Mayan said Loyd came into the restaurant with a gun, pointed at Mayan and said, "'Drive me or I will kill you, I just did something real bad,'" the affidavit said. Mayan said he drove Loyd to several locations, including the home of Loyd's estranged wife, where Loyd told him to knock on the door. Mayan said he only walked to the door without knocking because he was afraid Lloyd would shoot her, according to the affidavit, which noted that Mayan told conflicting stories about his encounters with Loyd. The 41-year-old ex-convict has been the focus of a massive manhunt involving hundreds of officers and deputies since Monday's shooting. More than 500 tips have come in from the public, which authorities believe may be particularly important, since others may be helping him hide. "If you know where he is at and you call us 3 o'clock in the morning, 3 o'clock in the afternoon, we will have people prepared to dispatch and go capture him," said Barb Bergin, executive director of the local Crimeline. Orlando Police Chief John Mina, meanwhile has warned that anyone helping Loyd "will be put behind bars and brought to justice as well." Mayan, 33, was arrested Tuesday by Orange County Sheriff's Office deputies on a charge of accessory after the fact. Jail records show no bond had been set, and court records showed no name of a defense attorney listed for him. Mina said federal, state and local authorities were taking part in the manhunt. Mina wouldn't give details about search tactics but he said law enforcement agencies in Florida and around the nation are on alert. "There are many things going on behind the scenes that our community is not aware of and that we are not at liberty to discuss," Mina said. After Clayton was shot, many of her colleagues immediately joined the pursuit; among them was a sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, who died when he was thrown from his motorcycle in an accident. Funerals were planned for Lewis for Friday and Clayton for Saturday. FILE - This undated photo provided by the Orlando Police Department shows Markeith Loyd. Loyd is wanted for killing an Orlando police officer outside a Wal-Mart in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Department via AP, File) A wreath and flowers surround Orlando police shooting victim, officer Debra Clayton's patrol car, in front of police headquarters, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Clayton was killed Monday, and a manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Sarah Harvey says a prayer at a makeshift memorial, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., at the parking lot of a Wal-Mart where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) An employee of Wal-Mart lights a candle at a makeshift memorial, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., at the parking lot where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect in the shooting. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orlando Police Chief John Mina speaks during a news conference concerning the fatal shooting of Orlando police officer Debra Clayton, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. A manhunt continues for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings answers questions during a news conference concerning the fatal shooting of Orlando police officer Debra Clayton, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) A flag flies a half mast, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., in front of a Wal-Mart where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Login Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Classifieds Real Estate Jobs × Toggle navigation Toggle Search News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Recent Headlines Holiday Closures: Martin Luther King Jr. Day Fire rips through Fourth Plain strip mall Vancouver Public Schools says timing right for bond measure Weather Eye: Expect some mess when nature cleans away all this snow Finding care can be a pain in Clark County Community Foundation taking scholarship applications Public meetings for the week of Jan. 15 One hurt, one arrested in stabbing at Vancouver Mall Ilani hiring event draws about 1,600 people Grand National pigeon show comes to Clark County Wildlife officials: Feeding birds is fine but not necessary Go ahead, feed the birds. Just realize that you’ll probably get more out of it than they will. Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Recent Sports Headlines Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance Girls basketball: Union 51, Heritage 31 Boys basketball: Union 71, Heritage 27 Gonzaga stays perfect with rout of St. Mary’s Lewis’ 3 TDs spark Patriots to win Girls basketball: Seton Catholic 54, Castle Rock 33 High school scoreboard 1/15 Clark shakes off snow for sweep of SWOC Late run costs Huskies at Stanford, 76-69 Seahawks go into offseason dejected at another missed chance The Seahawks were a talented, yet flawed team that simply couldn't overcome a season-long pattern of inconsistency and some key… Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Real Estate Legal Notices Recent Business Stories The cost of dining out Weight when to go to work if feeling ill Failed home sales see bump Human connections can give job seekers a leg up beyond LinkedIn Immigration talk spurring farmers Apple seeking original shows for music service A trial for DirecTV Now is free, but it’s a hard sell for some Berko: Broker hit the bullseye on these 3 strong companies Home video sales shrank again in 2016 as viewers opt for streaming A Siri for your finances? Digit says, ‘Trust me’ The cost of dining out Sorry, diners: Although restaurants got pushback for raising menu prices in 2016, they aren’t expected to cave in and lower… Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Recent Life Stories ‘Duplicity’ delivers packed plot Affleck on roller coaster again ‘Her Every Fear’ a compulsive thriller ‘Patriots Day’ stars focus on the details Chazelle, Jenkins get another award nod Report: Moon may have formed from many small ones World’s most fashionable women feted ‘The Young Pope’ gets politics Sleeper Sac a Snuggie for the kids Works of influential political cartoonist Herblock on display in county Check It Out: Suggestions for Year of the Rooster Cock-a-doodle-doo! In case you hadn’t heard, 2017 is the Year of the Rooster according to Chinese astrology. If you felt… Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Recent Opinion Stories In our View: Farewell, Obama Jayne: Jim Moeller contentedly ponders his political future Estrich: Obamacare may not look so bad Will: Exposing the attack on cold, hard reality Blame game changer Local View: Pointed questions for Trump’s education secretary pick Letter: Keep homeless in mind Letter: An amoral society Letter: Trump saves jobs Letter: Adjust Electoral College Editorial Cartoons: Jan. 15-21 Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk High School Sports HealthBeat History Recent Blog Posts Community Cat Tales Corks and Forks FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Paleo Mama Portland Timbers Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Community News Annual holiday party for students delayed by snow finally gets its day Everybody has a story: Vets’ friendship stays afloat with cross-country game Volunteer Opportunities Free Clinic raises $185,000 at fundraiser Rocksolid Community Teen Center earns grant in honor of retired teacher Knights, society team up to buy Coats for Kids School’s first Blanket Drive collects 54 blankets Friends of the Carpenter day center receives largest in-kind donation in its history Innovative Services receives grant for assessment kits Happy Hoppers dancers help sort Walk & Knock donations Empty parking spaces, long wait list in downtown Some downtown Vancouver residents are frustrated that hundreds of people, including some of their neighbors, are on a waiting list… Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Blogs Neighbors Obituaries Business Directory Weekly Deals Best of Clark County Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Login | Subscribe News News Home Local Northwest Politics Schools Crime Nation & World Weather Traffic Press Talk Health Photo Galleries Video Podcasts Submit Newstip Subscriptions e-Edition eNewsletters Sports Sports Home Local Preps Seahawks Blazers College Soccer Nation & World Community Outdoors Micah Rice Business Business Home Local Strictly Business Economic Forecast Real Estate Legal Notices Life Life Home Local Weekend Events Food Dining Out Submit a Milestone Pets Podcasts Movie Listings Opinion Opinion Home Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns Greg Jayne Endorsements Editorial Cartoons Polls Forums Blogs All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Preps HealthBeat All Blogs Neighbors Neighbors Garage Sales Datacenter Events Vital Statistics Death Notices Reader Photos Farm Fresh Clubs and Organizations Obituaries Obituary Home Submit Paid Obituary Submit Free Death Notice More Find a Business Weekly Deals Place an Ad Classifieds Legal Notices Jobs Wheels Real Estate Man slashes 3 with machete in Oregon Woodburn attack began at Wal-Mart By STEVEN DUBOIS, Associated Press Published: January 10, 2017, 8:42 PM A   A PORTLAND — A felon armed with a machete slashed three men at a Woodburn, Ore., apartment complex after running through a Wal-Mart with the weapon and threatening to kill a store greeter on his way out, authorities said Tuesday. Woodburn city spokesman Jason Horton said police responded to Wal-Mart shortly after 10 p.m. Monday. They had been alerted a man was shattering glass cabinets and stealing ammunition. Witnesses told police that Alan Lee Brock ran through the store with the machete, swinging it at the Wal-Mart greeter as he was leaving and verbally threatening to kill him. “It came pretty close to him,” Horton said. Officers found the 29-year-old Brock parked outside the store in a car that had been reported stolen in Springfield, 80 miles south. Found on stairwell The suspect drove slowly before speeding up and getting away. Horton said he aimed the vehicle toward officers before quickly turning and driving over an embankment. Police were soon called to a nearby apartment complex, where they say Brock tried to rob a woman for her purse and car keys before breaking down an apartment door and slashing three men. He slashed one across the throat, one on the head and one on the arm. Horton said the three were taken to a hospital with injuries not considered life-threatening. Officers found Brock on a stairwell and he surrendered without further commotion, Horton said. Brock was jailed on three counts of attempted murder. Court records do not list an attorney to speak on his behalf. Brock’s arrest record stretches back to his teenage years, with charges including robbery, burglary, theft and felon in possession of a firearm. His most recent conviction was in October for heroin possession. He was sentenced to 10 days in the Lane County Jail along with probation and a suspension of his driving license. Please take a second to review our community guidelinesCommunity guidelines Blogs Staff Blogs Home All Politics is Local Blazer Banter Brews in Clark Cannabis Chronicles Clark County Faces Digital Desk Family Room Ghost Stories High School Sports HealthBeat History Political Beat Tailgate Talk Community It's the Fair! Corks and Forks Local+Arts = Community FYI98642 Home Made Gardening with Allen Health Notes Mother Bird Portland Timbers Sated Sensitive Sherri McMillan Small Plates Sugar and Spice Vancouveater more Subscriber Services Contact Us Subscribe Home Delivery Issues Delivery Opportunities Archives e-Edition Tour the e-Edition eNewsletters RSS Help / Submissions Send us a News Tip or Photo Send a Letter to the Editor Submit an Event Have you seen? Clark County History Newspapers in Education Advertise with us Advertising Classifieds Online Jobs Place an Ad Real Estate Community Partnership Neighborhood Beats Battle Ground Camas-Washougal Hazel Dell North County Ridgefield Salmon Creek-Felida Vancouver Community Resources Places of Worship Resource Guide Events Calendar Most Searched Archives Best of Clark County Coupons Clubs and Organizations Death Notices Legal Notices Obituaries Rentals Vital Statistics Weather Connect Facebook Twitter Apps Galleries Videos Digital Services Web Design SEO Visibility Management Search Facebook Twitter YouTube RSS Subscribe Report Bug Privacy Policy Terms of Service Community Guidelines Columbian Publishing Company Careers Copyright 2017 Columbian.com. All rights reserved. Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our user agreement.
Manchester mayor's son will not be charged in theft caught on vi - WMC Action News 5 - Memphis, Tennessee Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Home Mobile apps WMC Action News 5 VAULT I saw it on 5! Winter 2016's Most Wanted Job fair directory Text, email alerts My5: Your photos & video Sudoku Puzzle Gas Tracker News My Empire Investigates SeeClickFix | Memphis A Better Mid-South High 5 - Good News Traffic TN Lottery winning numbers Chopper 5 Weather Weather blogs StormTracker 5 Bus Stop Forecast WMC Camera Network Expert analysis videos Learn to program your weather radio Weather radio programming dates StormTrack Doppler 5 (Multiple Views) You Track Storms: Interactive Radar 7 Day Forecast Traffic Weather roundup Sports Friday Football Fever 2016 Olympic Games College Football Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Auto Racing Southern Heritage Classic Video Dr. Oz Videos National Video Viral Videos Right This Minute Video Investigates What's On Bounce Memphis Our local commitment WMC-TV 5 Reception Information WMC Action News 5 / Bounce TV guide Events Contests 90105 Connects.com About Us Mobile apps News team biographies Contact WMC Action News 5 Station History WMC-TV 5 Reception Information Employment and Internship Opportunities Manchester mayor's son will not be charged in theft caught on video 2017-01-11T02:36:24Z2017-01-11T02:36:26Z Reported by Nancy Amons Email Connect Nancy.Amons@wsmv.com Follow @WSMVNancyAmons MANCHESTER, TN (WSMV) - A suspect identified in a theft caught on video has never been arrested. The suspect is the son of Manchester Mayor Lonnie Norman. Police say they don’t plan to prosecute. The theft happened at Walmart in Manchester on Dec. 27. A woman’s wallet with credit cards and $300 inside were stolen from her shopping cart. Police arrived on the scene, took a report and looked at the surveillance video. The suspect was identified as Lonnie Norman Jr., a Walmart employee. Lonnie Norman Jr. was fired from Walmart. The police report says the surveillance video shows him “put the wallet in his vehicle” and return to work. Lonnie Norman Jr. was later called to the police station, where he returned the wallet “except the money.” The mayor’s son was never arrested, and police say he won’t be. Chief Investigator Jackie Matheny told Channel 4 he has seen the Walmart surveillance tape and it shows the mayor’s son taking the wallet. He said the victim doesn’t want to press charges. Matheny denies that the mayor’s involvement in the case influenced his decision in any way. Matheny said the mayor met with police the day after the incident. Matheny wasn’t sure whether the mayor also went to the police station the night it happened. No one from the police department would speak to Channel 4 on camera. No one answered the door at the address listed for Lonnie Norman Jr. Mayor Lonnie Norman did not return calls from Channel 4 regarding the incident at Walmart. Coffee County District Attorney Craig Northcutt told Channel 4 it’s not unusual for police to make the decision not to pursue a case. He added the victim was sympathetic to the Walmart worker, who had worked at the store for more than a decade without incident. Copyright 2017 WSMV (Meredith Corporation). All rights reserved. News on WMCTV.comNewsMore>> Man wanted after woman shot at Horn Lake apartment complex Man wanted after woman shot at Horn Lake apartment complex Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 6:58 PM EST2017-01-15 23:58:57 GMT (Source: Horn Lake Police Department) A woman was shot at a Horn Lake apartment complex on Sunday. More >> A woman was shot at a Horn Lake apartment complex on Sunday.More >> Memphians support police with day of honor Memphians support police with day of honor Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 6:08 PM EST2017-01-15 23:08:28 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5) Sunday was a day of honor for the Memphis Police Department at Prince of Peace Missionary Baptist Church in Raleigh.More >> Sunday was a day of honor for the Memphis Police Department at Prince of Peace Missionary Baptist Church in Raleigh.More >> 3 shot at, 1 dead on Austin Peay 3 shot at, 1 dead on Austin Peay Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 4:22 PM EST2017-01-15 21:22:07 GMT (Source: WMC Action News 5 archives) Three people were shot at on Austin Peay Highway on Saturday night. More >> Three people were shot at on Austin Peay Highway on Saturday night.More >> Reports: Bishop Eddie Long dead at 63 Reports: Bishop Eddie Long dead at 63 Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 4:18 PM EST2017-01-15 21:18:50 GMT (Source: Facebook) Bishop Eddie Long has died at the age of 63 according to several reports, including his church, New Birth Missionary Baptist Church in Atlanta. More >> Bishop Eddie Long has died at the age of 63 according to several reports, including his church, New Birth Missionary Baptist Church in Atlanta.More >> Memphis Cheer named 2017 UCA National Champions Memphis Cheer named 2017 UCA National Champions Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 4:17 PM EST2017-01-15 21:17:21 GMT (Source: U of M) Congratulations are in order for the University of Memphis cheerleading team!More >> Congratulations are in order for the University of Memphis cheerleading team!More >>    Trending StoriesTrending StoriesMore>> What you need to know now about the upcoming tax season What you need to know now about the upcoming tax season Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:17 PM EST2017-01-15 17:17:18 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:17 PM EST2017-01-15 17:17:18 GMT It's a new year and time to put the last one to bed, which means filing your taxes. More >> By SARAH SKIDMORE SELL AP Personal Finance Reporter It's a new year and time to put the last one to bed, which means filing your taxes.More >> Pizza Hut: Customer's Facebook story was fabricated, but negative impact on their business is real Pizza Hut: Customer's Facebook story was fabricated, but negative impact on their business is real Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:11 PM EST2017-01-16 00:11:58 GMT (Source: WAFF) A Huntsville Pizza Hut is reeling after they say a man made up a negative story, posted it to Facebook, and got thousands of shares. More >> A Huntsville Pizza Hut is reeling after they say a man made up a negative story, posted it to Facebook, and got thousands of shares.More >> Kidnapped girl escapes from abandoned apartment complex Kidnapped girl escapes from abandoned apartment complex Updated: Friday, January 13 2017 10:42 PM EST2017-01-14 03:42:35 GMT A teenage girl flagged down Lubbock police on Friday afternoon, saying she had been kidnapped after school and kept in an abandoned apartment complex. More >> A teenage girl flagged down Lubbock police on Friday afternoon, saying she had been kidnapped after school and kept in an abandoned apartment complex.More >> The Latest: Trump promises health insurance for all The Latest: Trump promises health insurance for all Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:06 PM EST2017-01-16 02:06:16 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 9:06 PM EST2017-01-16 02:06:16 GMT The Latest on President-elect Donald Trump (all times EST):More >> The Latest on President-elect Donald Trump (all times EST):More >> breaking Tornado confirmed northwest of Whitney in Hill County Tornado confirmed northwest of Whitney in Hill County Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 8:17 PM EST2017-01-16 01:17:44 GMT The National Weather Service has issued a tornado warning for Coryell County, Bosque County, and McLennan County.  More >> The National Weather Service has issued a tornado warning for Coryell County, Bosque County, and McLennan County. More >>    Can't Find Something? 1960 Union Avenue Memphis, TN 38104 (901) 726-0555 FCC Public File publicfile@wmctv.com (901) 726-0501 EEO Report Closed Captioning Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Skip to content Skip to content Home About Our Authority Authors / Contact Privacy Notice Archives Advertise Here! The Pub Flyer/Card Think Tank Entrepreneurs Know Your Enemy Barack Hussein Obama aka Barry Soetoro: World Citizen Cable News Propagandists George Soros – Bringing Down America Rush Limbaugh The 10 Wealthiest Members of Congress The Federal Reserve The Global Warming Myth The Supreme Court U.S. Chamber of Commerce Hometown Corporate Mafia The Wendt Gang Red Pill Documentaries The United States Constitution The Federalist Papers The Anti-Federalist Papers The Word From the Trenches Archives Choose from 5 Gift Options with a minimum donation of $35 Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 ← Congress Quietly Passes New Rule Allowing House Members To Hide Records From Ethics Probes Policeman suspended but not fired after video incident → Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers Posted on January 10, 2017 by Sunfire Mail.com ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Orlando’s law enforcement community is mourning the fatal shooting of an Orlando Police Department sergeant who was killed as she approached a fugitive outside a Wal-Mart store and an Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputy who died in a traffic accident more than two hours later while responding to a manhunt for the suspect in the officer’s slaying. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, was killed outside a Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando early Monday, and Orange County Sheriff’s Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for 41-year-old Markeith Loyd.   Another Orlando police officer was involved in a crash while responding to the shooting but had only minor injuries. Authorities said Loyd previously was a suspect in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. A massive manhunt involving hundreds of officers was conducted all day Monday as they searched for Loyd in dozens of homes, displacing some residents of a northwest Orlando apartment complex and tying up traffic. “He should be considered armed and dangerous,” Police Chief John Mina said. Later in the day, the chief said, “It doesn’t matter where he is. We will track him down to the ends of the Earth.” Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said deputies had been searching unsuccessfully for Loyd for several weeks since the fatal shooting of his ex-girlfriend and believe he was receiving help from someone. Mina lauded Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the force as a committed officer and a hero who gave her life to the community she loves. The Orlando Police Department said in a tweet that Clayton always had a smile and a high five for every child she came across. Clayton had grown up in the Orlando area and was active in programs that mentored young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” Mina said. Clayton was a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and she previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. “She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,” Rolon said. She was married and had a college-aged son. Police released a video of Clayton’s body being taken out of the hospital to a waiting van in a flag-covered stretcher. A line of officers saluted as the stretcher was wheeled out. The apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt and shooting in northwest Orlando was nowhere near Orlando’s tourism corridor in the southern part of the metro area. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared a day of mourning in the city. While at the Wal-Mart on Monday morning, Clayton was tipped off by someone that Loyd was in the area. When she approached him, he fired multiple shots at Clayton, who was wearing body armor, Mina said. Clayton returned fire but didn’t hit him, he said. Sheriff’s officials said a deputy spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle. The suspect pulled into a nearby apartment complex and then fired at a deputy, striking the deputy’s SUV twice. The deputy wasn’t harmed, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle, drove away and then abandoned the vehicle not far away, according to the sheriff’s office. The Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputy was killed more than two hours after the shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Demings described the 35-year-old Lewis as “a gentle giant,” and the sheriff’s office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. https://www.mail.com/news/politics/4886432-orlando-mourns-deaths-2-law-enforcement-officers.html#.7518-stage-hero1-1 Share this: Print Email Share on Tumblr Tweet Pocket This entry was posted in News. Bookmark the permalink. 408 ← Congress Quietly Passes New Rule Allowing House Members To Hide Records From Ethics Probes Policeman suspended but not fired after video incident → 4 Responses to Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers KOYOTE says: January 10, 2017 at 7:43 am “Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers” IM GLAD I AINT ORLANDO……… SQUALLIN OVER NUTHIN…………… Reply BMF says: January 10, 2017 at 7:47 am Karma is a real bitch, isn’t it, piggies? Of course I have no love for the guy who murdered his pregnant girlfriend, but that doesn’t take away from the fact that a lot of decent people have now been avenged after suffering unjustly due to the work of those two police-state mercenaries. Even bad people can sometimes do good things. Reply Jolly Roger says: January 10, 2017 at 7:56 am “Orlando’s law enforcement community is mourning the fatal shooting of an Orlando Police Department sergeant…” Is anyone outside the “law enforcement community” mourning this death? I doubt it. Reply # 1 NWO Hatr says: January 10, 2017 at 5:24 pm “Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers Orlando who? Any intelligent person is celebrating. Reply Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Doom and Bloom The Distillery Network E-Cigarettes Listen Live Monday - Friday 12 pm - 2 pm Pacific Call in line:  (641) 715-3610 Conference line:  220029# The Word From the Trenches Archives RICO REALTY The Looted Trillions Roscoe Reports US National Debt Clock Search Articles Search for: Connect     Notify of New Posts Email Address Get your AE 9/11 and Israel/Palestine Information Packets Help Support From the Trenches Or you can mail donations to Henry Shivley at P.O. Box 964, Chiloquin, OR 97624 This Land Photos Recent Comments Angel-NYC on Ringling Bros. circus folding its tent after nearly 150 years Angel-NYC on Texas cattle fever tick update: More infested premises in Live Oak County KOYOTE on Cutting Cash Would Be A Boon For The World’s Poor Clarioncaller on Ringling Bros. circus folding its tent after nearly 150 years Frank Face on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed FarBeyondBitter on Dashcam Video Show Gunfire Exchange Involving Sheriff’s Deputy FarBeyondBitter on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars Bullwinkle on Police fatally shoot man with screwdriver in Queens, NYPD says TheRev on Student Throws Volleyball At May River High School’s Resource Officer ed lown on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars evilbughead on Why Was MacArthur Brought Out of Retirement? koyote on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars Charles q on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars Charles q on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed kender on My Dog has an addiction. Charles q on Dashcam Video Show Gunfire Exchange Involving Sheriff’s Deputy Andrew on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed Nailbanger on Bundy Ranch Judge to Political Prisoners: No, You Can’t Have a Bill of Particulars GrinNBarrett on Student Throws Volleyball At May River High School’s Resource Officer Frank Face on Federals run like dogs after seeing the people of Mexico pissed Help Support From the Trenches  Subscribe in a reader © 2010 - 2016 From the Trenches World Report Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Business News Home > Business > Business News < Back to SMG 45 Wednesday, 11 January 2017 | MYT 8:34 AM Breakfast briefing: Wednesday, January 11 (Update) MarketWrap: The S&P 500 ended the day unchanged on Tuesday as lower oil prices hurt energy stocks, offsetting advances in healthcare and financial sectors, while the Nasdaq ended at another record high. - Reuters The DJIA ended down 31.85 points, or 0.16%, at 19,855.53, the S&P 500 was unchanged at 2,268.9 and the Nasdaq added 20 points, or 0.36%, to 5,551.82. Forex summary *The ringgit lost 0.02% to 4.4762 per US$ *It was 0.38% higher at 4.7275 per euro *Down 0.51% to 5.4533 per pound sterling *Up 0.12% to 3.1152 per Singapore dollar *0.08% lower to 3.2966 per Aussie *0.11% higher at 3.8621 per 100 yen Energy Oil prices fell 2% on Tuesday to the lowest in nearly a month, extending the previous session's sell-off as the US dollar strengthened and doubts mounted over whether producing countries would implement a deal to cut output. Brent crude LCOc1 settled at US$53.64 a barrel, down US$1.30, or 2.4%, after hitting the lowest level since Dec 15 at US$53.60. - Reuters Top foreign stories Yahoo to be named Altaba: Yahoo Inc said it would rename itself Altaba Inc and chief executive officer Marissa Mayer would step down from the board after the closing of its deal with Verizon Communications Inc. Yahoo has a deal to sell its core Internet business, which includes its digital advertising, email and media assets, to Verizon for US$4.83 billion. - Reuters Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds of jobs this month: Wal-Mart Stores Inc plans to cut hundreds of jobs before the end of January, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing sources. The retailer plans to eliminate jobs at its headquarters and regional personnel that support stores, the report said. - Reuters Gundlach: 'Trouble' for US stocks if 10-year yield hits above 3%: There will be "trouble for equity markets" if the yield on the benchmark 10-year US Treasury note moves beyond 3%, Jeffrey Gundlach, chief executive of DoubleLine Capital, warned on Tuesday. Late Tuesday, the 10-year yield stood at nearly 2.38%. Gundlach said after the recent huge run-up in US stock markets, investors should look to "peel off" their exposure to equities. - Reuters Volkswagen confirms US$4.3b US settlement over diesel emissions: Volkswagen AG confirmed on Tuesday it has negotiated a US$4.3 billion draft settlement with US regulators to resolve its diesel emissions troubles and plans to plead guilty to criminal misconduct. - Reuters Top local stories KTMB conducts inquiry into multi-million ringgit procurement deal: Keretapi Tanah Melayu Bhd (KTMB) is undertaking an internal probe into a procurement deal involving millions of ringgit. President of the railway body Datuk Sarbini Tijan has been told to go on leave pending the outcome of an inquiry. - StarBiz MAHB posts 5.7% increase in passenger traffic: Malaysia Airports Holdings Bhd (MAHB) registered 118.5 million passenger movement in 2016, up 5.7% from 2015. The airports operator said international traffic rose 6.1% to 52.8 million passengers while domestic traffic was up 5.4% to 65.7 million. - StarBiz Palm oil inventory up slightly in December: Malaysia’s palm oil inventory rose by 0.2% in December amid lower export figures despite initial expectations of a decline, according to the latest figures by the Malaysian Palm Oil Board. Total palm oil stocks rose slightly to 1.67 million tonnes compared with 1.66 million tonnes in November last year. - StarBiz Muhibbah unit wins RM438mil contract in Qatar: Muhibbah Engineering (M) Bhd unit Muhibbah Engineering Middle East LLC has won a RM438.1mil contract to undertake the construction of road and infrastructure works at a special economic zone in Qatar. - StarBiz Kontena Nasional to sell PJ land: Kontena Nasional Bhd is disposing of two plots of leasehold land in Bandar Sunway, Petaling Jaya, with the tender already receiving interest from well-known property developers. - StarBiz Tasco expands into cold chain logistics business: Freight- forwarding firm Tasco Bhd is marking its foray into cold chain logistics through the acquisition of Gold Cold Transport Sdn Bhd for RM186.08mil. - StarBiz Lack of liquidity to weigh on ringgit outlook this year: A lack of liquidity in the onshore spot currency market and the anticipated hikes in benchmark US interest rates would continue to weigh on the ringgit’s outlook this year, says Standard Chartered Bank plc chief economist Marios Maratheftis. - StarBiz Businesses optimistic about economy in first half: Corporates and small and medium enterprises (SMEs) are optimistic about economic performance and business outlook for the first half of 2017, a business confidence survey by RAM Holdings Bhd shows. Corporates displayed a slightly higher positive outlook, with an index of 56.9, compared to SMEs, which recorded a score of 53.2. - StarBiz HLT Global makes strong debut on Ace Market: Glove-dipping line manufacturer HLT Global Bhd made a strong debut on the Ace Market of Bursa Malaysia at 55 sen on Tuesday, with a volume of 5.5 million shares, as it traded 22% above its initial public offering price of 45 sen. - StarBiz Paramount Corp suspended pending material announcement: Property developer and education service provider Paramount Corp Bhd has requested a suspension of trading in its shares on Wednesday, pending a material announcement. - Edge FD KWAP re-emerges as substantial shareholder of Genting Plantations: Retirement Fund Inc (KWAP) has re-emerged as a substantial shareholder of Genting Plantations Bhd after it bought one million shares in the company on the open market on Dec 30 last year. KWAP now owns a 5.1% stake in Genting Plantations. - Edge FD Malaysia vulnerable to capital outflow risk: An analysis by Moody’s Investors Service of the cred- itworthiness of sovereigns across Asia-Pacific puts Malaysia on the list of countries that are most vulnerable to capital outflows. - Edge FD BMW Malaysia posts 6th straight record sales year: BMW Malaysia Sdn Bhd sold a record 10,906 units of BMW, MINI and BMW Motorrad vehicles in the country last year, up 16% from 9,368 units in 2015. It marks the sixth straight year the premium car maker set a new sales record. - Edge FD Tags / Keywords: Breakfast Briefing You May Be Interested Boosting women's libido Glass discards now included in waste separation law Better rates via online forex services Paying high interest rates for personal loans Purple should be your favourite CNY colour Chinese herb Dang Shen helps to boost strength Others Also Read Weekend Do Can wearable sensors tell when you’re sick? Do we really need to fear China money? Property Related advertisement Latest News Foreign funds net buyers in week ended Jan 13 Foreigners make comeback on Bursa Cautious start for Bursa early Monday, ringgit dips Samsung Elec probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires Only World Group slides early Monday on outlets closure Most Viewed in Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Hong Kong airline Cathay plans job cuts, fewer flights Paying high interest rates for personal loans Firefly reduces fleet operating from Subang Khazanah: MAS is operationally profitable Samsung Elec probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires TDM demerger plan Better rates via online forex services US dollar correction may boost ringgit rebound IHH confident of battling Turkish lira volatility advertisement advertisement site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Lifestyle Tech Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services Magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs Advertising View Our Rate Card Policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu StarProperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com Search The Star Online Connect with us Content Partner Our Radio Stations site map Home Videos News Business Sport Metro Tech Lifestyle Travel Opinion subscriptions The Star newspaper Other Publications RSS Feeds other editions ePaper Mobile SMS Services magazines Kuntum company info About Us Contact Us Job Opportunities Investor Relations FAQs advertising View Our Rate Card policies Privacy Statement Terms of Use our sites Star2.com myStarjob.com Carsifu starproperty.my Propwall iBilik R.AGE mStar Kuali Leaderonomics TheStarTV.com StarCherish.com social media Facebook Twitter Copyright © 1995- Star Media Group Berhad (ROC 10894D)
Please Update your browser Your browser is out of date, and may not be compatible with our website. A list of the most popular web browsers can be found below. Just click on the icons to get to the download page. press enter to search Video 26°C DKI Jakarta, Indonesia 26°C Light Rain Rain until tomorrow morning, starting again tomorrow afternoon. Thu 26℃ - 31℃ Fri 26℃ - 32℃ Sat 27℃ - 32℃ Sun 26℃ - 30℃ Home NEWS PULSE MULTIMEDIA MOST VIEWED MOST SHARED news NEWS politics world national city Business SE ASIA COMMUNITY COMMUNITY Youth OPINION OPINION ACADEMIA INTERVIEW JPLUS TRAVEL TRAVEL News Destinations VIDEO VIDEO VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM PAPER EDITION PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER JPLUS BALI BUZZ JOBS politics world national city News World Jack Ma bets $2.6 billion he can revamp China retail sector News Desk Bloomberg Hong Kong | Wed, January 11, 2017 | 07:01 am Inside the Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. headquarters and the 2015 computing conference. (Bloomberg/File) Topics Alibaba Share this article  share on facebook  share on twitter  share on google plus  share on Linkedin  share on whatsapp  comment  share on email share this article follow Us    Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. pioneered shopping on the internet in China. Now it thinks it can teach old-school retailers a thing or two about real-world commerce. The online juggernaut that vanquished EBay and Amazon in China has set its sights on transforming the byzantine world of brick-and-mortar retail. In its biggest old-economy deal so far, Alibaba is leading a bid to buy out department store chain Intime Retail Group Co. for as much as $2.6 billion. That’s a premium for the privilege of owning a company with shrinking revenues and a minuscule footprint beyond its eastern home region. But by teaming up with retailers, billionaire founder Jack Ma hopes to develop a new model of online and offline retail. The idea is that Alibaba’s superior computing power, a decade of experience moving billions of dollars of goods and strong ties with government and big brands will help it succeed where others like Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and even Amazon.com Inc. have failed. If it works, the tie-up may open the door to still more, helping Alibaba both extend its logistics network and gain invaluable consumer data. “No one has any solution or concrete answer, although everyone knows that this is the next page of the industry. Alibaba wants to be the one to develop the solution,” said Anson Chan, a Hong-Kong based Daiwa Capital Markets analyst. History has shown that online and offline businesses don’t play well together. Wal-Mart spent billions of dollars on growing its e-commerce operation at the expense of profits, yet Amazon still holds sway in the U.S. Amazon itself is now venturing into brick-and-mortar stores though that effort is still nascent. Alibaba however is dealing with a very different market, and is driven by a need to secure new sources of growth as e-commerce plateaus. Ma himself has confessed he sees “tremendous challenges” for one-dimensional e-commerce operators as the country’s economy slows. His goal is to try and up-end a splintered and bloated $4.5 trillion Chinese retail landscape, stripping out middlemen to reduce costs and improve efficiency. Apart from Intime, Alibaba has also bought into electronics players Suning Commerce Group Co. and Haier Electronics Group. Alibaba shares rose 2.1 percent in U.S. trading after the deal was announced, while Intime’s stock surged 36 percent in Hong Kong. Alibaba goes shopping (Bloomberg/Data) (Read also: Alibaba’s Ma meets with Trump to talk about creating jobs) Chinese retailers could use some help. They’ve struggled in past years to retain consumers frustrated with lackluster, poorly managed malls. Unlike in the U.S., which is controlled by a clutch of mega-chains, the Chinese retail experience is far more fragmented and inconsistent. Intime, one of the better-known players, operated and managed just 29 department stores and 17 shopping malls across the country as of end-June last year, mainly in eastern Zhejiang province. That’s a far cry from the U.S., where nationwide chains such as Wal-Mart and Macy’s Inc. dominate specific strata. More important than geographical reach however is simple store management. While Wal-Mart and Amazon’s logistical machines inspire college case studies, most Chinese retailers still operate in separate, walled-off regions. Management lacks incentive to innovate. Alibaba sees an opportunity in helping such retailers use technology to transform inventory management, while securing a physical network through which it can get goods to its own customers more efficiently, for instance by letting customers pick up orders from stores. “Physical retail in China is backwards compared to elsewhere,” said Catherine Lim, an analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence in Singapore. “It’s going to be a root-and-branch effort to get the offline side up to standard, and that’s probably why Alibaba felt the need to take it over totally.” Lim cites a familiar example: You have to wait days to find out if there’s a size 10 dress in another branch of the same store. “The players have started to modernize, but it’s been very slow. The truth is that the technology and software is there, it’s whether the people were willing to adapt to it.” The logic of the Intime deal isn’t apparent to all. Alibaba may be counting on success in reviving the mall operator to encourage other retailers to adopt its online-to-offline or O2O model, Chan said. “What’s possible is that Alibaba wants to develop the O2O model and system through this partnership and, once it’s perfected, open up that system for others to use as a platform, like its cloud business,” Chan said. Also, neither Alibaba nor Intime own a lot of the inventory they sell -- Intime operates much like a bazaar where different brands run concessions. That means brands will need to be won over. “There is still the missing piece of the people who actually sell the items,” said Chan Wai-Chan, a Hong-Kong based senior partner at Oliver Wyman’s Asia Pacific consumer practice. “Intime is only in Zhejiang, so there won’t be a national reach. Maybe in the grand plan, Alibaba will buy other department stores, since sales of department stores have fallen through the floor.” But Alibaba’s certainly giving it a go. It’s already building a network that will allow physical stores -- and the brands they sell -- to monitor transactions as they happen. Like Amazon, Alibaba also owns a sprawling collection of online assets, from its budding cloud computing business to mobile search and video entertainment, that could conceivably by combined with physical retail. Shoppers might spot a dress they like on Youku Tudou, run a search via Alibaba’s photo-recognition technology and find 10 similar garments online. Its logistics affiliate, Cainiao, can help retailers identify vacant warehouses and available inventory and match goods with the company’s 450 million active buyers more efficiently. “What Alibaba might want to do is to crunch its marketing, logistics, cloud computing and search and entertainment services all into a package for brands to create value, something they won’t be able to do themselves,” said Julia Pan, a Shanghai-based analyst at UOB Kay Hian. You might also like : Former Democratic Party chairman passes away Anies shifting toward conservatism Indonesia pledges leeway for obedient miners Young children killed in Cipali fatal crash not yet identified most viewed most shared Govt arrests 32 alleged sex workers in Jakarta, mostly from Vietnam Thousands of fans meet Park Bo-gum in Jakarta Tasty 'nasi uduk' is talk of town Kidman says comments about Trump support weren't endorsement Mattel launches smart baby device to lure tech-savvy parents Dolce&Gabbana court millennials, Plein launches activewear Extremism becoming more common: Muhammadiyah Jokowi, Abe pledge to strengthen bilateral ties Indonesia sees Japan as model for infrastructure development Young children killed in Cipali fatal crash not yet identified follow us       NEWS     JOBS   TRAVEL   LIFE   More Stories SE Asia Kerry visits Vietnam on last trip as US secretary of state Academia Ibnu Budiman and Hannah Barrowman Researcher at PT Sustainability and Resilience (Su-re.co) and PhD Scholar at the Australian National University Climate justice for smallholder farmers Life Mattel launches smart baby device to lure tech-savvy parents Travel Garuda Indonesia taps into charter flight demand in China TRY A DIGITAL SUBSCRIPTION Subscribe to our Newspaper Join the discussions Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. NEWS BUSINESS POLITICS WORLD NATIONAL CITY PAPER EDITION TODAY'S PAPER ACADEMIA INTERVIEW OPINION TRAVEL NEWS DESTINATIONS MULTIMEDIA VIDEO PHOTO LONGFORM LIFE LIFESTYLE ENTERTAINMENT ART & CULTURE TECHNOLOGY PEOPLE HEALTH PARENTS BOOKS SOUTHEAST ASIA JOBS COMMUNITY YOUTH News     TRAVEL   Jobs   Our partners kompas.com tribunnews.com kontan.co.id Asia News Network Catch Asia! Media Network About Cyber Media Guidelines Contact Advertise Paper Subscription © 2016 PT. Niskala Media Tenggara
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International Elections On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Parenting Pop Quiz Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Tuesday’s Taste Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests Work for Us WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 40° F Overcast Hi: 46° F Lo: 39° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International Elections On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Latest Headlines 1 dead, 1 hurt in shooting on Truxton Avenue in Portsmouth Updated: 1 min ago Police are investigating a double shooting in the 200 block of Truxton Avenue, Saturday evening. Former pro wrestler Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 7:23 pm Representatives say Snuka died “due to complications from his ongoing medical problems” but did not state what they were specifically. PETA and residents react to Ringling Brothers closing circus Updated: 38 mins ago Attorney General Lynch: ‘We have always pushed forward’ 7:00 pm Man hit by vehicle at Azalea Garden and Virginia Beach Boulevard 6:49 pm Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 40° F Overcast Feels Like: 35° F Wind: ENE 7 Humidity: 77% Dewpoint: 33° F Sunrise: 7:16 AM Sunset: 5:12 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Tides Latest Headlines High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Updated: 2 mins ago ATLANTA (AP) — Matt Ryan and the high-scoring Falcons offense will have one more game in the Georgia Dome after all. The Falcons will host t… SMU pulls away from Tulane in second half, 80-64 Updated: 2 mins ago NEW ORLEANS (AP) — Semi Ojeleye scored 21 points and Jarrey Foster added 19 more to lead SMU to an 80-64 win over Tulane on Sunday night. Be… Okogie, Stephens help Georgia Tech beat NC State 86-76 Updated: 2 mins ago Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Updated: 3 mins ago Women’s Top 25 Fared 8:11 pm HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Parenting Pop Quiz Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Tuesday’s Taste Latest Headlines IAHR: Dr. Rod Evans, PhD. January 12, 2017 If you have set fitness goal for the New Year, Dr. Rod Evans says don’t forget about toning your grey matter, too! Audience: 33rd Annual Community Leaders’ Breakfast January 12, 2017 Catching up with the Urban League of Hampton Roads. Lifestyle Expert With Tips For a Beautiful 2017 January 12, 2017 Get the Scoop on the 2017 Hampton Roads International Auto Show January 11, 2017 Get a Look at What Makes Toyota Safety Sense January 11, 2017 Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests Work for Us WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 40° F Overcast Hi: 46° F Lo: 39° F Slain Orlando officer responded to Pulse nightclub massacre Heather Pelat, Media General Published: January 10, 2017, 4:48 pm Updated: January 11, 2017, 11:20 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the Orlando Police Department was killed in the line of duty on January 9, 2017 (Photo courtesy: OPD) ORLANDO, Fla. (MEDIA GENERAL/AP) — The Orlando police sergeant who was shot and killed this week was one of the first responders to last summer’s mass shooting at Pulse, a gay nightclub in the city. Police cars surround the Pulse Orlando nightclub, the scene of a fatal shooting, in Orlando, Fla., Sunday, June 12, 2016. (AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack) The Orlando Police Department said Tuesday Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was among the officers who responded to Pulse nightclub as shots rang out during the early morning hours of June 12, 2016. Forty-nine people at the club were killed by gunman Omar Mateen in what is now the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. On Monday, Clayton was gunned down outside a Walmart as she approached a suspect who was wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant girlfriend last December. Markeith Loyd (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff’s Office) Suspect Markeith Loyd fled the scene, and a $100,000 reward is now being offered for information leading to his arrest. Loyd, 41, has a criminal record that dates back two decades, including a murder charge in 1996 that was later dropped and battery on an officer in 1998. Records show he was released from prison in July 2014. Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the Orlando Police Department, leaves behind a husband and a son. A GoFundMe has been set up to raise money to help her family. Orlando police officer shooting View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Markeith Loyd, 41, is wanted for the shooting death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, left, was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Law enforcement officials stand near the entrance to a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) A law enforcement vehicle drives near a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say an officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, an 11-year-veteran, died in a motorcycle crash while pursing murder suspect Markeith Loyd on Jan. 9, 2017 (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer calls for an official day of mourning following the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings speaks to the media during a news conference announcing the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. One of his deputies was killed in a motorcycle crash while pursuing the suspect. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orlando police officer shooting x Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Markeith Loyd, 41, is wanted for the shooting death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, left, was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Law enforcement officials stand near the entrance to a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) A law enforcement vehicle drives near a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say an officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, an 11-year-veteran, died in a motorcycle crash while pursing murder suspect Markeith Loyd on Jan. 9, 2017 (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer calls for an official day of mourning following the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings speaks to the media during a news conference announcing the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. One of his deputies was killed in a motorcycle crash while pursuing the suspect. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.)                     Latest Galleries Chesapeake house fire Advance America Robbery Knotts Island House Fire Chesapeake House Fire Norfolk PD Homicide Investigation Norfolk PD Homicide Investigation Norfolk Electrical Issue Norfolk Electrical Issue Portsmouth Death Investigation Snow Buddies The Associated Press contributed to this report. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Funeral held for Orlando sergeant gunned down Manhunt underway for suspect in killing of Orlando officer Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community Pulse owner decides not to sell club to city of Orlando Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 26° F Clear Hi: 38° F Lo: 21° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Hundreds gather for “Love March” in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King Junior 6:22 pm Hundreds gathered in the Elm City Sunday to honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Junior. Barnum Museum continues to preserve circus history despite show ending 6:24 pm The “Ringling Brothers Barnum And Bailey Circus” is coming to a close but the Barnum Museum in Bridgeport is still preserving its history. Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus 6:13 pm Car found submerged in icy Milford pond 5:39 pm Eddie Long, megachurch pastor embroiled in scandal, dies 5:30 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 26° F Clear Feels Like: 26° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 75% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 7:14 AM Sunset: 4:47 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 26° F Clear Hi: 38° F Lo: 21° F Slain Orlando officer responded to Pulse nightclub massacre Heather Pelat, Media General Published: January 10, 2017, 7:00 pm Updated: January 11, 2017, 2:50 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) ORLANDO, Fla. (MEDIA GENERAL/AP) — The Orlando police sergeant who was shot and killed this week was one of the first responders to last summer’s mass shooting at Pulse, a gay nightclub in the city. Police cars surround the Pulse Orlando nightclub, the scene of a fatal shooting, in Orlando, Fla., Sunday, June 12, 2016. (AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack) The Orlando Police Department said Tuesday Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was among the officers who responded to Pulse nightclub as shots rang out during the early morning hours of June 12, 2016. Forty-nine people at the club were killed by gunman Omar Mateen in what is now the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. On Monday, Clayton was gunned down outside a Walmart as she approached a suspect who was wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant girlfriend last December. Markeith Loyd (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff’s Office) Suspect Markeith Loyd fled the scene, and a $100,000 reward is now being offered for information leading to his arrest. Loyd, 41, has a criminal record that dates back two decades, including a murder charge in 1996 that was later dropped and battery on an officer in 1998. Records show he was released from prison in July 2014. Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the Orlando Police Department, leaves behind a husband and a son. A GoFundMe has been set up to raise money to help her family. Orlando police officer shooting View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Markeith Loyd, 41, is wanted for the shooting death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, left, was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Law enforcement officials stand near the entrance to a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) A law enforcement vehicle drives near a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say an officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, an 11-year-veteran, died in a motorcycle crash while pursing murder suspect Markeith Loyd on Jan. 9, 2017 (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer calls for an official day of mourning following the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings speaks to the media during a news conference announcing the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. One of his deputies was killed in a motorcycle crash while pursuing the suspect. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orlando police officer shooting x Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Markeith Loyd, 41, is wanted for the shooting death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, left, was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Law enforcement officials stand near the entrance to a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) A law enforcement vehicle drives near a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say an officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, an 11-year-veteran, died in a motorcycle crash while pursing murder suspect Markeith Loyd on Jan. 9, 2017 (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer calls for an official day of mourning following the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings speaks to the media during a news conference announcing the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. One of his deputies was killed in a motorcycle crash while pursuing the suspect. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.)                     Latest Galleries Report-It Snow Photos for Saturday December 17, 2016 #WTNHHoliday Lights 2016 Photos: News 8 Thanksgiving Food Drive #CTvote2016 Election Day Photos First Connecticut snowfall of 2016-2017 season 14 arrested in New Haven prostitution sting #WTNHHalloween Photos 2016 PHOTOS: Giant lobster caught after Hurricane Nicole Photos: 2016 Emmys Red Carpet Looks National Dog Day in Connecticut 2016 The Associated Press contributed to this report. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community Suspect in fatal shooting of officer has lengthy record Deputy killed while pursuing Orlando suspect Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Whoops! It looks like portions of our site are being blocked! Check your browser settings or contact your network administrator. Report: Walmart To Lay Off Hundreds Of Employees By End Of The Month Share on Facebook Share on Twitter RSS Feed Tweet Share Report: Walmart To Lay Off Hundreds Of Employees By End Of The Month Image courtesy of (Mike Mozart) January 10, 2017 4:49 pm EST By Ashlee Kieler@akieler hit the road walmart lay off lay offs Hundreds of employees at Walmart will soon be out a job, as the big box retailer is reportedly set to eliminate a number of positions around the country before the end of its fiscal year on Jan. 31. The Wall Street Journal, citing sources familiar with the matter, reports that the layoffs will likely take place at the retailer’s headquarters and in certain regional stores. The bulk of the cuts are reportedly focused on the company’s human resources division. Executives believe the positions could be more streamlined, with duties being taken over by outside consultants or other employees, the WSJ reports. The unspecified number of cuts will account for a small percentage of the company’s staff in Bentonville, the sources say. A spokesperson for Walmart tells Consumerist that the company has not made any announcements related to its 1.5 million associates at the corporate and store level. “As we’ve previously shared, we are always looking for ways to operate more efficiently and effectively,” Randy Hargrove, senior director of corporate communications tells Consumerist. “While we continually look at our corporate structure, we have not made any announcements.  Like any organization, we make decisions based upon what’s best for our business and the customers we serve.” While Walmart hasn’t confirmed the cuts as reported by the WSJ, the potential for them isn’t entirely surprising,  as the company’s CEO Doug McMillon said in October that the company was working to “manage expenses better, which includes changing how we do work inside the company.” “We must grow this company for Walmart to have a future, but we need to do it in an efficient way,” he said at the Annual Meeting with the Investment Community. “It’s not a growth at all cost mindset.” The impending layoffs are just the latest for the big box retailer. The WSJ reports that the company laid off hundreds of workers at its headquarters in 2015, and cut about 7,000 back-of-the-office jobs in its stores in favor of automating some divisions. Those cuts don’t count the employees who were let go when Walmart closed 154 stores around the country in Jan. 2016. While the stores only represented less than 1% of Walmart’s total retail footprint, some 10,000 workers were out of a job. January 10, 2017 By Ashlee Kieler@akieler hit the road walmart lay off lay offs Tell a friend: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Related wage wars Walmart To Give Nearly 40% Of Employees Pay Increases Over The Next Year don't talk amongst yourselves Walmart Warns Workers: Don’t Download Chat App From Labor Organization thanks for giving Walmart Stores Once Again Asking Employees To Donate Food To Co-Workers In Need big walmart is watching you Walmart Used Defense Contractor Lockheed Martin To Monitor Employees Future of Firing? It’s Nothing Personal: Hundreds Of Patch Employees Laid-Off During Conference Call Previous If You’re Relying On Your Tax Refund, IRS Warns It May Come Late This Year Next Is A Restriction On Credit Card Surcharges A Free Speech Violation? Part of  Founded in 2005, Consumerist is an independent source of consumer news and information published by Consumer Media LLC, a not-for-profit subsidiary of Consumer Reports. Donate About Us Connect With Us No Commercial Use Policy Privacy Policy User Agreement Work With Us Want Consumerist in your inbox? We will not sell or rent your email Feed Google+ Twitter Facebook Next Up: Is A Restriction On Credit Card Surcharges A Free Speech Violation? Return to Top Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Home Macau Our Team Editorial Statute Code of Ethics Archive Archive 2009-2014 Archive 2007-2009 Contacts Extra Times Drive In Book It tTunes Features World of Bacchus Taste of Edesia Search for: FOUNDER & PUBLISHER Kowie Geldenhuys EDITOR-IN-CHIEF Paulo Coutinho Macau, Macau Forum Business China Asia World Sports Interview Editorial Opinion Photo Shop DAILY EDITION 3 hours ago Monday, January 16, 2017 – edition no. 2723 EXTRA TIMES 3 days ago Match-fixing back in spotlight OTHER ARTICLES Avian flu concerns dispelled by Health Bureau Economy Tourist prices continue decline Ho Chio Meng’s former right-hand man testifies on trips to Europe Tourism | Beijing Imperial Palace returns hotel license Arts | Riverdance performers discuss show’s success LATEST COMMENTS alpha beta on 21 injured in clashes in Sri Lanka over China port deal  Georgia on IFFAM – Ivo Ferreira | Latest film to breath life into iconic Macau Floating Casino Sophie Jones on Indonesia | Two tourists killed in Bali boat explosion, many injured Jerrt Mores on Macau | Over 600 take part in Youth Dance Festival George Cespedes on The Buzz | New Year’s firework show cancelled MDT MACAU GRAND PRIX SPECIAL Home | China | Jack Ma bets USD2.6b he can revamp China’s retail industry Jack Ma bets USD2.6b he can revamp China’s retail industry - Wednesday, January 11, 2017 - 5 days ago No Comments 553 Views Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. pioneered shopping on the internet in China. Now it thinks it can teach old-school retailers a thing or two about real-world commerce. The online juggernaut that vanquished eBay and Amazon in China has set its sights on transforming the byzantine world of brick-and-mortar retail. In its biggest old-economy deal so far, Alibaba is leading a bid to buy out department store chain Intime Retail Group Co. for as much as USD2.6 billion. That’s a premium for the privilege of owning a company with shrinking revenues and a minuscule footprint beyond its eastern home region. But by teaming up with retailers, billionaire founder Jack Ma hopes to develop a new model of online and offline retail. The idea is that Alibaba’s superior computing power, a decade of experience moving billions of dollars of goods and strong ties with government and big brands will help it succeed where others like Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and even Amazon.com Inc. have failed. If it works, the tie-up may open the door to still more, helping Alibaba both extend its logistics network and gain invaluable consumer data. “No one has any solution or concrete answer, although everyone knows that this is the next page of the industry. Alibaba wants to be the one to develop the solution,” said Anson Chan, a Hong-Kong based Daiwa Capital Markets analyst. History has shown that online and offline businesses don’t play well together. Wal- Mart spent billions of dollars on growing its e-commerce operation at the expense of profits, yet Amazon still holds sway in the U.S. Amazon itself is now venturing into brick-and-mortar stores though that effort is still nascent. Alibaba however is dealing with a very different market, and is driven by a need to secure new sources of growth as e-commerce plateaus. Ma himself has confessed he sees “tremendous challenges” for one-dimensional e-commerce operators as the country’s economy slows. His goal is to try and up-end a splintered and bloated $4.5 trillion Chinese retail landscape, stripping out middlemen to reduce costs and improve efficiency. Apart from Intime, Alibaba has also bought into electronics players Suning Commerce Group Co. and Haier Electronics Group. Chinese retailers could use some help. They’ve struggled in past years to retain consumers frustrated with lackluster, poorly managed malls. Unlike in the U.S., which is controlled by a clutch of mega-chains, the Chinese retail experience is far more fragmented and inconsistent. Intime, one of the better- known players, operated and managed just 29 department stores and 17 shopping malls across the country as of end-June last year, mainly in eastern Zhejiang province. That’s a far cry from the U.S., where nationwide chains such as Wal-Mart and Macy’s Inc. dominate specific strata. More important than geographical reach however is simple store management. While Wal- Mart and Amazon’s logistical machines inspire college case studies, most Chinese retailers still operate in separate, walled-off regions. Management lacks incentive to innovate. Alibaba sees an opportunity in helping such retailers use technology to transform inventory management, while securing a physical network through which it can get goods to its own customers more efficiently, for instance by letting customers pick up orders from stores. “Physical retail in China is backwards compared to elsewhere,” said Catherine Lim, an analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence in Singapore. “It’s going to be a root-and-branch effort to get the offline side up to standard, and that’s probably why Alibaba felt the need to take it over totally.” Lim cites a familiar example: You have to wait days to find out if there’s a size 10 dress in another branch of the same store. “The players have started to modernize, but it’s been very slow. The truth is that the technology and software is there, it’s whether the people were willing to adapt to it.” The logic of the Intime deal isn’t apparent to all. Alibaba may be counting on success in reviving the mall operator to encourage other retailers to adopt its online-to-offline or O2O model, Chan said. “What’s possible is that Alibaba wants to develop the O2O model and system through this partnership and, once it’s perfected, open up that system for others to use as a platform, like its cloud business,” Chan said. Also, neither Alibaba nor Intime own a lot of the inventory they sell – Intime operates much like a bazaar where different brands run concessions. That means brands will need to be won over. “There is still the missing piece of the people who actually sell the items,” said Chan Wai-Chan, a Hong-Kong based senior partner at Oliver Wyman’s Asia Pacific consumer practice. “Intime is only in Zhejiang, so there won’t be a national reach. Maybe in the grand plan, Alibaba will buy other department stores, since sales of department stores have fallen through the floor.” But Alibaba’s certainly giving it a go. It’s already building a network that will allow physical stores – and the brands they sell – to monitor transactions as they happen. Like Amazon, Alibaba also owns a sprawling collection of online assets, from its budding cloud computing business to mobile search and video entertainment, that could conceivably by combined with physical retail. Shoppers might spot a dress they like on Youku Tudou, run a search via Alibaba’s photo-recognition technology and find 10 similar garments online. Its logistics affiliate, Cainiao, can help retailers identify vacant warehouses and available inventory and match goods with the company’s 450 million active buyers more efficiently. “What Alibaba might want to do is to crunch its marketing, logistics, cloud computing and search and entertainment services all into a package for brands to create value, something they won’t be able to do themselves,” said Julia Pan, a Shanghai-based analyst at UOB Kay Hian. Bloomberg Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Related Categories Business China Share This Post Related Posts Boeing loosens Airbus’s India grip with USD22 billion SpiceJet win Wanda posts first sales decline in at least 11 Years Corporate bits | CTM extends data roaming destinations Ask the Vet | Cat First Aid Kit: 10 Things You Need in Your House No Comments Cancel Reply Notify me of follow-up comments by email. Notify me of new posts by email. Copyright © Macau Daily Times 2008-2017. All Rights Reserved Contact our Administrator Contact our Director Contacts Contact for Subscriptions and Issues Contact Our Advertising Department Contact Our Managing Editor Contact Our Newsroom Contact Our Newsroom Secretary Home Our Team Search results Editorial Statute Code of Ethics
OUR SITES: Iowa Ideas Homes Milestones Directory Classifieds Photo Store Hoopla Cedar Rapids Manage Your Subscription Your News in Your Email Your Green Gazette Become a Rewards Member Subscribe Now! 7 day delivery - as low as $4.80/wk News Obituaries Sports Opinion Living Hoopla Photos Weather Site Search Health Rural News Sections Select a section NEWS OBITUARIES SPORTS OPINION LIVING ENTERTAINMENT PHOTOS LOCAL DIRECTORY Like what you're reading? We make it easy to stay connected: Follow @TwitterDev Subscribe to our email newsletters Download our free apps The Gazette's Books A Twitter List by gazettedotcom Most Popular Most Recent Jefferson's Matt Culver claims first J-Hawk title Iowa wrestling ready for challenge that awaits at top-ranked Oklahoma State Old Cedar Rapids block ‘under the gun’ with casino, real estate shake-up Eastern Iowa expected to be hit with icy weather mix ‘Doc Anthony,’ friend of people but foe of crows Iowa men's basketball at Northwestern: Live updates, how to watch Iowa receiver Jay Scheel announces retirement from football One suspect arrested in Iowa City robbery; another still at large Residents displaced after fire at northeast Cedar Rapids home Area girls basketball statistical leaders Wal-Mart to cut hundreds of office jobs: WSJ Retail Video Photo The Wal-Mart company logo is seen outside a Wal-Mart Stores Inc company distribution center in Bentonville, Arkansas June 6, 2013. REUTERS/Rick Wilking Reuters Jan 10, 2017 at 4:19 pm | Print View Wal-Mart Stores Inc. plans to cut hundreds of jobs before the end of January, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the situation. The retailer plans to eliminate jobs at its headquarters and regional personnel that support stores, according to the report. Many of the eliminations will affect Wal-Mart’s human resources department, a large team that some senior executives believe should be more efficient or whose duties could be handled by outside consultants, the newspaper said. Other departments could be affected as well. The company said in September it will cut about 7,000 back-office jobs, mostly in accounting and invoicing positions at its U.S. stores, as part of a program it announced in June. Wal-Mart was not immediately available for comment. Your next Nation & World articles Researchers identify Japanese tapeworm p ... Somali-American teen makes semifinals at ... Chicago police routinely violated civil ... Give us feedback Have you found an error or omission in our reporting? Tell us here. Do you have a story idea we should look into? Tell us here. Subscribe Green Gazette Advertise Newsletters Contact Us About Us Connect with us on social Sites Hoopla Photo Store Classifieds Fusionfarm Iowa Ideas Copyright 2015 The Gazette Links Order Back Issues Newsroom Staff RSS Feeds Mobile Apps Archives Online Games and Puzzle Answers Policies Directory Sitemap Sponsor Requests News | Sports | Obits
Business All Energy Finance Healthcare Manufacturing Startups Tourism Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal ELD mandate to reveal ‘fudge’ in trucking industry hours of service requirements CIP member wants Fort Smith to ‘cease and desist’ in using street sales tax for other purposes Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise ELD mandate to reveal ‘fudge’ in trucking industry hours of service requirements CIP member wants Fort Smith to ‘cease and desist’ in using street sales tax for other purposes Gov. Hutchinson tells state Municipal League: Time to end GIFs, unfunded mandates Regions All Central Arkansas Fort Smith Northeast Arkansas Northwest Arkansas New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal Video / Podcasts Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education Sen. Cotton suspects White House may be behind intelligence leaks Rep. Crawford says ethics agency needs reform, but GOP move not the solution Rep. Crawford offers thoughts on agriculture, trade posts; drops hint on Ag Secretary pick Special Sections All Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Tusk to Tail Trucking industry stocks get reality review after post-election bump Outlook improves for national trucking industry but 4Q concerns remain J.B. Hunt requests arbitration review of revenue sharing agreement with BNSF The Compass Report: State economy strong, pace of growth moderates in some areas Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us Wal-Mart expected to cut corporate jobs later this month BusinessCentral ArkansasFort SmithLatest NewsNortheast ArkansasNorthwest Arkansas by Kim Souza 5 days ago 2 views0 Tags: Wal-Mart Stores 0 SHARES Share Tweet Wal-Mart Stores confirmed it will announce corporate layoffs later this month, but the retailer did not say how many jobs were to be eliminated. But it did confirm the jobs were largely in its Bentonville home office and support staff. Insiders told Talk Business & Politics the first of the layoffs will likely begin Friday (Jan. 13). The Wall Street Journal, citing people familiar with the situation, reported “hundreds of jobs” will be axed before the end of January, which is the retailer’s fiscal year-end. Wal-Mart did not confirm any such figure. “As we’ve previously shared, we are always looking for ways to operate more efficiently and effectively. While we continually look at our corporate structure, we have not made any announcements.  Like any organization, we make decisions based upon what’s best for our business and the customers we serve,” Wal-Mart corporate spokesman Greg Hitt noted in an e-mailed statement. The retailer also is closing at least three Neighborhood Market stores. The stores to be closed are in East Charlotte, S.C. (closing on March 3), Marietta, Ga. (closing March 3) and the Chicago Presidential Towers stores (closing on Jan. 25). Wal-Mart Stores CEO Doug McMillon told analysts in October the retailer will pay attention to its real estate holdings and close some stores in order to remain focused on e-commerce and developing segments like pickup that drive people to the stores. McMillon has said the company must invest more in e-commerce and in-store technology applications that make shopping more convenient. He said the hefty investments – $6 billion and counting – will come at the expense of less capital allocated for new stores. McMillon said existing stores and the corporate offices would be streamlined to run as efficiently as possible. He said positions that directly service stores would take priority over middle management positions that grow in an organization over time. “There are no cash registers in the home office,” McMillon told analysts in June 2015. In the summer of 2016 Wal-Mart said it was cutting about 7,000 back-office jobs and consolidating those operations in centralized locations. About one year ago Walmart U.S. announced plans to close 154 stores, impacting about 10,000 jobs. Sam’s Club also cut about 400 operational jobs and 150 corporate office personnel were given pink slips on Jan. 15, 2016, Talk Business & Politics reported. Jobs placement veteran Cameron Smith said his firm, Cameron Smith & Associates, has been getting phone calls from within Wal-Mart for a few weeks regarding upcoming layoffs. He said the callers are professionals seeking information about other opportunities. He has not had an official call from Wal-Mart about this pending layoff. Smith said the layoffs at Wal-Mart and retail are becoming an annual thing and each year his business acts like a triage unit trying to help the displaced execs find jobs with other local companies. “Wal-Mart will bring in a placement service from out of state that can help the professionals brush up the resumes, but for the folks who want to remain in Northwest Arkansas they usually end up meeting with our firm. Another sign that a layoff is coming is when our Linkedin requests jump substantially from professionals inside Wal-Mart corporate ranks and that is also been happening again,” Smith told Talk Business & Politics. Smith said it’s easier for some of the displaced professionals to remain local, but more than anything else the candidates with transferable skills in the vendor community have the best chance. He said specialty groups like real estate could have a tougher time finding jobs locally with pay equal to their Wal-Mart salaries. The Wal-Mart layoffs come on the heels of several other retail announcements made in the past week. Macy’s will shutter store 63 stores this spring and eliminate about 3,900 jobs. Another 6,000 jobs at Macy’s will be cut over the coming months as it spends more on e-commerce capabilities. Sears is shuttering 150 flagship and Kmart stores in the coming weeks, and The Limited, a women’s apparel chain, is closing all of its 250 stores beginning this week and becoming an online retailer only. Retail analyst Jan Kniffen said this is a new reality for brick and mortar retailers who now have to become omni-channel players. He said it’s an expensive transformation but retailers who want to survive five more years have to make it. Comments comments Previous post NFIB survey: Small business optimism surges in December, hiring remains flat Next post Change would let speakers choose committees, legislators raise funds during fiscal session Related posts New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal by Talk Business & Politics staff - 3 days ago Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas by George Jared - 3 days ago Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise by Steve Brawner - 3 days ago New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal by Talk Business & Politics staff - 3 days ago Advertisement Search Talk Business & Politics Search for: Opinion Gov. Hutchinson: Good things happen when Arkansas Legislature works together Riff Raff: Calling the system an SOB HIPAA audits and redacting Can you brand sand? Abolishing the fiscal session and other possible constitutional amendments Latest Popular Sen. Tom Cotton discusses repealing the Affordable Care Act 3 hours ago Rep. Collins, Sen. Elliott on GIF, tax cuts, guns and education 3 hours ago New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal 3 days ago Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas 3 days ago Private option insurance population dips, premium payments rise 3 days ago New website to soon appear for Talk Business & Politics, Northwest Arkansas Business Journal 87 views Jonesboro representative hopes to curtail ‘sanctuary’ college campuses in Arkansas 73 views Forty Under 40: Dr. Steve Whitelaw 67 views Forty Under 40: John Scott 67 views Forty Under 40: Mickey Richardson 66 views Talk Business & Politics is a news website that covers business, politics and culture in Arkansas. You can also sign up for daily e-mail news delivered every morning to your inbox. TagsFort Smith area home sales NWABJ Industries Whispers real estate Media & Marketing retail Free Banking & Finance Business Services Copyright Talk Business & Politics © 2017. All Rights Reserved Business Finance Energy Startups Manufacturing Tourism Healthcare Politics Regions Video / Podcasts Special Sections Arkansas Home Sales Report Arkansas Transportation Report Compass Report Tusk to Tail The Supply Side Tourism Ticker Advertise Contact Us
Home News Local Politics Kansas National / World Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health KSN Investigates News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Wichita Traffic Wichita gas prices Weekly Quiz Obituaries Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Radar SatRad Threat Tracker blog Alerts Severe Weather Week Severe Closings and Delays Earthquakes KSN’s Metrocam Sports Friday Football Fever Gridiron Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games More Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Our Team TV Schedule Jobs at KSN Honor a Kansas Nurse Live Video Report It Experts 34° F Overcast Hi: 36° F Lo: 35° F Radar Forecast Alerts 12 Weather Alerts 89 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Politics Kansas National / World Photo Galleries Don’t Miss This Crime Health KSN Investigates News Links Most Wanted Give a Little Wichita Traffic Wichita gas prices Weekly Quiz Obituaries Featured: Auto Recalls Human Trafficking Product Recalls Winter Storm Latest Headlines Ice storm causing power outages in Dodge City 6:39 pm Ice covered tree branches have been falling on power lines. Great Bend crews respond to a downed power line 6:00 pm In Great Bend, the rain hasn’t stopped and it’s still below freezing. The city is getting freezing rain and the ice is starting to build up. Trump team considers relocating White House media corps 3:53 pm Fans tailgating in KC ahead of game 4:13 pm Semi loses control and almost hits Kansas Highway Patrolman 4:10 pm Weather Weather Wichita Forecast Northcentral Kansas Southwest Kansas Northwest Kansas Current Conditions Interactive Kansas Radar KSN weather app Features / Links Radar SatRad Threat Tracker blog Alerts Severe Weather Week Severe Closings and Delays Earthquakes KSN’s Metrocam Current Conditions 34° F Overcast Feels Like: 27° F Wind: NNE 9 Humidity: 100% Dewpoint: 34° F Sunrise: 7:43 AM Sunset: 5:35 PM Wichita and Kansas Weather Forecast Radar Threat Tracker Photos Sponsored by: Sports Sports Friday Football Fever Gridiron Challenge Local Scores WSU Shockers Kansas Jayhawks K-State Wildcats Kansas City Chiefs Kansas City Royals High School Featured: Wichita State Shockers Latest Headlines NFL Live Stream: Chiefs vs Steelers 6:30 pm Watch the Chiefs vs Steelers NFL game live online. Fans tailgating in KC ahead of game 4:13 pm The severe ice storm projected for the Kansas City area turned out relatively tame. Kansas Defeats Oklahoma State; Remains Unbeaten in Big 12 January 14, 2017 Lecomte helps No. 1 Baylor hold off No. 25 K-State 77-68 January 14, 2017 No. 2 Kansas tops pesky Oklahoma State 87-80 January 14, 2017 Entertainment Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Contests Community Calendar Pet Project / Wild Side Games Featured: Oscar Awards Wichita Riverfest Latest Headlines NFL Live Stream: Chiefs vs Steelers 6:30 pm Watch the Chiefs vs Steelers NFL game live online. ‘Hidden Figures’ keeps orbit at top; Affleck, Scorsese flop 3:55 pm Estimates on Sunday say “Hidden Figures” sold $20.5 million in tickets. Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years 12:43 pm Photos: Ice storm in Kansas 3:34 pm Kidman says comments about Trump support weren’t endorsement January 14, 2017 More Contact Us Text Alerts Email Alerts Mobile Apps Our Team TV Schedule Jobs at KSN Honor a Kansas Nurse Live Video Report It Experts Search for: Search the site 34° F Overcast Hi: 36° F Lo: 35° F Slain Orlando officer responded to Pulse nightclub massacre Heather Pelat, Media General Published: January 10, 2017, 3:48 pm Updated: January 11, 2017, 1:51 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) ORLANDO, Fla. (MEDIA GENERAL/AP) — The Orlando police sergeant who was shot and killed this week was one of the first responders to last summer’s mass shooting at Pulse, a gay nightclub in the city. Police cars surround the Pulse Orlando nightclub, the scene of a fatal shooting, in Orlando, Fla., Sunday, June 12, 2016. (AP Photo/Phelan M. Ebenhack) The Orlando Police Department said Tuesday Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was among the officers who responded to Pulse nightclub as shots rang out during the early morning hours of June 12, 2016. Forty-nine people at the club were killed by gunman Omar Mateen in what is now the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. On Monday, Clayton was gunned down outside a Walmart as she approached a suspect who was wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant girlfriend last December. Markeith Loyd (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff’s Office) Suspect Markeith Loyd fled the scene, and a $100,000 reward is now being offered for information leading to his arrest. Loyd, 41, has a criminal record that dates back two decades, including a murder charge in 1996 that was later dropped and battery on an officer in 1998. Records show he was released from prison in July 2014. Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the Orlando Police Department, leaves behind a husband and a son. A GoFundMe has been set up to raise money to help her family. Orlando police officer shooting View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Markeith Loyd, 41, is wanted for the shooting death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, left, was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Law enforcement officials stand near the entrance to a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) A law enforcement vehicle drives near a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say an officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, an 11-year-veteran, died in a motorcycle crash while pursing murder suspect Markeith Loyd on Jan. 9, 2017 (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer calls for an official day of mourning following the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings speaks to the media during a news conference announcing the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. One of his deputies was killed in a motorcycle crash while pursuing the suspect. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orlando police officer shooting x Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Markeith Loyd, 41, is wanted for the shooting death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, left, was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Law enforcement officials stand near the entrance to a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) A law enforcement vehicle drives near a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say an officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, an 11-year-veteran, died in a motorcycle crash while pursing murder suspect Markeith Loyd on Jan. 9, 2017 (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer calls for an official day of mourning following the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings speaks to the media during a news conference announcing the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. One of his deputies was killed in a motorcycle crash while pursuing the suspect. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.)                     Latest Galleries Photos: Russian plane crashes in Black Sea December Shots of the Day Gallery: Wichita State University chalk drawings November shots of the day Gun Lockers for courthouse Severe storms move through Kansas, October 6th October shots of the day Gallery: Wichita Wagonmasters Downtown Chili Cookoff Gallery: Wichita Wagonmasters Downtown Chili Cookoff September shots of the day The Associated Press contributed to this report. Share this: Email Print Facebook Twitter Reddit Pinterest Google Tumblr More Send to Kindle LinkedIn Pocket Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Police: Officer shot in Orlando, suspect still at large 6 months later, 49 killed at Pulse are remembered in Orlando 2016 in review: Tragic stories that made headlines Pulse owner decides not to sell club to city of Orlando Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending now on KSN.com Popular on KSN KSN LINKS as mentioned on KSN News Photo Galleries local weather and news Report It! Submit a photo to KSN Contests Enter to win! Download KSN App [iPhone/iPad] [Android] Text Alerts Breaking News, Weather, Closings Email Breaking News, Weather, Headlines Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNW-TV © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Section News Sports Entertainment Weather Station About Us Our Team Mobile Text Alerts Email Alerts Jobs at KSN Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File (KSNW) FCC Public File (KSNC) FCC Public File (KSNG) FCC Public File (KSNK) EEO Report FCC Children’s Programming Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1iioykx1nml4ve/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Get the latest news from The Morning Call on the Amazon Echo ALERT Local News Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dead at age 73 LV Business Cycle Retail Wal-Mart's first training academy in Pa. opens near Lehigh Valley Wal-Mart’s first training academy in Pa. opens near Lehigh Valley Walmart opens its newest Training Academy Tuesday dedicated to teaching front-line supervisors skills in the classroom that apply on the sales floor in Hatfield. Walmart opens its newest Training Academy Tuesday dedicated to teaching front-line supervisors skills in the classroom that apply on the sales floor in Hatfield. Anthony SalamoneContact ReporterOf The Morning Call Giant retailer Wal-Mart taking some of its supervisors to school — its own HATFIELD TOWNSHIP, Montgomery County — Chris Dunn has worked in various jobs with Wal-Mart, rising through the ranks from stock clerk to assistant manager in his 16 years with the mass merchandiser. These days, however, he wears a new ID tag on his blue vest: "Academy Facilitator 1." Wal-Mart on Tuesday celebrated the grand opening of the first Pennsylvania Wal-Mart Training Academy in Hatfield Township, Montgomery County, as well as its first graduating class. The academy, off Route 309 inside a Wal-Mart Supercenter, is the 41st in the U.S., according to the company. It will serve about 20 stores from the Lehigh and Delaware valleys. The goal of the academy — a two-week program — is to improve supervisors' core retail skills so they can run specific departments. Or as Dunn puts it, the academy empowers workers to understand their work and take more ownership of their jobs and customers' needs. PHOTO GALLERY: Walmart opens its newest Training Academy Tuesday dedicated to teaching front-line supervisors skills in the classroom that apply on the sales floor in Hatfield. (ADDISON GEORGE / SPECIAL TO THE MORNING CALL) Wal-Mart critics, including Making Change at Wal-Mart, a group sponsored by the United Food and Commercial Workers International Union, have faulted the mass retailer for the lack of sufficient employee coaching in dealing with customers. Dunn, 45, admitted as much during an interview at the academy. "I feel as a company we had a need to spend more time with associates and to help teach and train them and develop them into our future leaders," Dunn said. "We were at a point in the company that we were growing so fast, our talent wasn't growing fast enough with it." VIDEO: Lehigh Valley Wal-Mart workers tout pay raises Workers at the Trexlertown Walmart discuss what their pay raises mean for them. Workers at the Trexlertown Walmart discuss what their pay raises mean for them. See more videos When Wal-Mart launched the academy — part of a $2.7 billion corporate investment announced in 2015 that also included higher employee wages — Dunn said he jumped at the chance to teach. "Are we going to make mistakes?" Dunn said. "Sure, but part of this program is to minimize the mistakes we make and give our hourly supervisors the tools to rectify those mistakes." Said Making Change spokeswoman Meredith Ritchie: "While past behavior requires me to remain hesitant to take Wal-Mart at its word, if the company truly is committed to providing workers with more hands-on training and career advancement, that is a positive development." Retail analyst Jeff Green said Wal-Mart is starting to see the advantage of providing employees with better customer service skills, in addition to offering lower prices. . "And if they can combine price with service, it will be a huge win," said Green, who is president of Jeff Green Partners in Phoenix. The Bentonville, Ark., retailer says it plans to open 200 academies across the country by the end of the year that will train more than 140,000 hourly supervisors and managers a year. Wal-Mart plans to open two more academies in central and western Pennsylvania. A company representative said she did not immediately know the exact locations. asalamone@mcall.com 610-820-6694 Get the inside scoop on the Lehigh Valley's business scene on The Business Cycle, themorningcall.com/business. Like us on Facebook: facebook.com/LVBizCycle. Follow us on Twitter: @LVBizCycle. Copyright © 2017, Lehigh Valley Business Cycle Breaking Popular Obits E-NEWSPAPER Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 30°
SUN, JAN 15, 2017 | -3 °C A few clouds Full Text Archive TV Listings Community Partnerships Digital Publications Record Auctions Reader Awards To Subscribe Today's E-Paper In Your Neighbourhood Technology Spotlight Events listings How to submit events Consumer Shows Mobile Apps Download Search All Articles Search Entire Site Login SignUp home news business sports what's on opinion community Living Obituaries Classifieds Real Estate shopping jobs Local Cambridge Reporter Canada World Press Camera (Record photography blog) A Reason For Being multimedia blog Odd jobs blog Remembering The Great War database Record Replay 47 minutes ago Mississauga veteran held in Ohio jail for crime he can’t remember Jason Lesko, who served in the U.S. military, cannot remember alleged crime... Latest News SEE MORE Tanker stranded in Nova Scotia finally freed Two richest Canadians have as much wealth as poorest 30 per cent: Report Report points to wealth inequality in Canada Business Links Technology , Gottarent.com Jan 14, 2017 Former baker finds niche with colourful boxes A young engineer has found profits at the intersection of bakeries, social... Latest Business News SEE MORE Non-profit Waterloo Region group promotes digital literacy Microsoft buys artificial intelligence startup Maluuba ‘Blue Collar Millionaire’ turned her family’s messes into ‘slobproof’ furniture Road to Rio blog LOCAL Rangers Rangers Report blog High School In The House curling blog High school sports blog University Panthers 20 minutes ago The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog The Latest: Packers-Cowboys will be 8th playoff meeting Latest Sports News SEE MORE High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Rogers upsets 4th-seeded Halep in 1st round at Aussie Open NBA Capsules Arts & Entertainment Books Contests Dining Out Music Events Movies TV Listings Wow Celebrity What's Trending Waterloo Region 20 minutes ago Donald Duke, succumbs to old age almost exactly two years after the death of his identical twin, Oscar When his identical twin brother, Oscar Duke died in 2015 at age 102, it was... Arts & Entertainment SEE MORE 'Human vacuum cleaner' Jessica Biel No regrets for Kim Kardashian West's former bodyguard Ed Sheeran invests in fashion label Columnists Cartoons Columns Editorial Blogs Letters Commenting Guidelines 1 hour ago DRESCHEL: LRT creates west end traffic concerns It turns out that last summer’s initial assessment that there is enough... Editorial Cartoon - Jan. 4 VIEW MORE OPINION Newspapers in Education Contests Community Partnership Wedding Trends Total Woman Show Grand Magazine Technology Grand River Shows Reader Awards Winners Crowdfunding What's Trending Waterloo Region Family Money Matters Home and Garden Environment Wellness Small Business Week Jan 13, 2017 Pink Shirt Day 2017 Congratulations to Amy Darkes from Waterloo Oxford District Secondary... Latest Stories SEE MORE Manitoba chiefs continue Enbridge fight Flu cases rising as virus moves cross-country Are Canadians really as nice as the world insists? Wheels.ca Faith Family Food Health Travel 21 hours ago Understand the risks of a later in life pregnancy Are you considering pregnancy after 35? Understand the issues for older... Latest Living stories SEE MORE Teen finds herself an outcast Horoscopes Feminist protest sends Trump the evil eye Obituaries/Births AUTOS Real Estate Rentals Classified and Announcements 1-800-263-6480 Recruitment/Employment Advertising 1-800-263-6480 YourClassifieds.ca Up to 58% off Hair Salon Services discount: 58% | value: $21.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days An area rug can make a house look like a home Local Ads In Your Neighbourhood Business Listings Deals Coupons Flyers Ask the Expert Black Friday Cyber Monday TheRecordStore.ca Up to 58% off Hair Salon Services discount: 58% | value: $21.00 | You Save: $12.00 Time Remaining: 1 Days Always hire professionals for high-level cleaning jobs Home News World Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement... | Jan 10, 2017  |  Vote 0    0 Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers in manhunt Officer killed John Raoux,The Associated Press Shawn Bergquist places a bouquet of flowers at a makeshift memorial, Tuesday, in Orlando, Fla., at the parking lot of a Walmart where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect in the shooting. next play/pause pre Hamilton Spectator By Mike Schneider ORLANDO, Fla. — Law enforcement officers in Orlando were engaged in a massive manhunt early Tuesday for a man accused of fatally shooting a police officer who approached him outside a Walmart. The manhunt itself has led to the death of a sheriff's deputy in a traffic accident and the injury of another officer. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, was killed outside the Walmart store in northwest Orlando early Monday, and Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis was killed more than two hours later in a crash while responding to a manhunt for Markeith Loyd, 41. The deaths left Orlando's law enforcement community in mourning. Clayton's patrol SUV was displayed in front of police headquarters Tuesday. The department also started an online fund to raise money for her family. In the Walmart parking lot Tuesday morning, shoppers laid more than two dozen bouquets of flowers, teddy bears and candles in a makeshift memorial. Some shoppers, like Hal Shore, stopped to say a prayer or take a photo. "It's important that the country is aware that there is a war against police officers," said Shore, a cabinet maker. An apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt Monday afternoon didn't appear to have any police searches going on Tuesday morning, but Orlando Police Chief John Mina said hundreds of officers and deputies were still searching for Loyd and teams of detectives were following every lead. "We will not stop until we find him," Mina said in a video on the agency's official Twitter page. "We are doing everything in our power to find him and capture him and put him behind bars." Authorities said Loyd previously was a suspect in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. A massive manhunt involving hundreds of officers was conducted all day Monday as they searched for Loyd in dozens of homes, displacing some residents of a northwest Orlando apartment complex and tying up traffic. "He should be considered armed and dangerous," Mina said. Later in the day, the chief said, "It doesn't matter where he is. We will track him down to the ends of the Earth." Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said deputies had been searching unsuccessfully for Loyd for several weeks since the fatal shooting of his ex-girlfriend and believe he was receiving help from someone. Mina lauded Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the force, as a committed officer and a hero who gave her life to the community she loves. The Orlando Police Department said in a tweet that Clayton always had a smile and a high five for every child she came across. Clayton had grown up in the Orlando area and was active in programs that mentored young people. "She was always the first to step up and help kids," Mina said. Clayton was a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighbourhood where she was shot, and she previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. "She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community," Rolon said. She was married and had a college-age son. Police released a video of Clayton's body being taken out of the hospital to a waiting van in a flag-covered stretcher. A line of officers saluted as the stretcher was wheeled out. The apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt and shooting in northwest Orlando was nowhere near Orlando's tourism corridor in the southern part of the metro area. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared a day of mourning in the city. While at the Walmart on Monday morning, Clayton was tipped off by someone that Loyd was in the area. When she approached him, he fired multiple shots at Clayton, who returned fire but didn't hit him. She was wearing body armour, but was hit multiple times. Sheriff's officials said a deputy spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle. The suspect pulled into a nearby apartment complex and then fired at a deputy, striking the deputy's SUV twice. The deputy wasn't harmed, the sheriff's office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle, drove away and then abandoned the vehicle not far away, according to the sheriff's office. The Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy was killed more than two hours after the shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Demings described the 35-year-old Lewis as "a gentle giant," and the sheriff's office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. The Associated Press | (0) Comment Join The Conversation Sign Up Login Latest News Local History for sale, once in a Blue Moon Snapshot Canada Experts question whether tougher sentences deter drunk driving Snapshot Local Traffic changes coming with LRT Snapshot Canada Ontarians with unpaid speeding tickets to be denied licence plates Snapshot PHOTOS AND VIDEOS View All Photos View All Videos ArtsEntertainment Golden Globes red carpet News Jeff Heer Photo Gallery Unsilent Night 2016 Photo Gallery New Hamburg and Baden Santa Parades 2016 The Hot List: Top 10 cottage rental locations in Ontario Sponsored content Most Read SEE MORE Traffic changes coming with LRT Mother sobs as son gets jail for robbing university students Police investigate death at UW student residence Menswear store draws protest for selling fur Plan to replace homes with highrise in Kitchener draws capacity crowd In Your Neighbourhood Today How to select a fastener storage bin Cambridge’s Bolt and Nut Supply understands that with screws, washers, nuts and bolts being so... Plumbing repairs require licensed plumbers John L Plumbing & Drain Cleaning is a full-service plumbing company serving Kitchener-Waterloo,... How content marketing can boost your business more than traditional marketing In the race to get the attention of customers with the highest potential, content marketing has... Snow about…PARKING There is NO OVERNIGHT PARKING on City of Kitchener streets between December 1 and March 31. Even if... Summer tips for home and auto insurance — and safety James W A Morris Insurance Group in Cambridge understands first-hand that if you love the idea of... Improved practices result in real savings Being knowledgeable about energy consumption and costs is a good idea for all of us, but it’s... Dealing with dental insurance King Street Dental Centre of Waterloo wants to make dealing with your insurance provider as simple... New home windows have a narrow window of time before needing to be replaced Windows — they're sometimes the last components that are considered for a home improvement project,... WEALTH MATTERS: Debunking common robo advisor myths Robo advisors have become a popular alternative to traditional financial advisors, and their... Packing for a move requires an organized plan R & D Moving and Storage Supplies provides quality products to people in Kitchener-Waterloo who are... Get paid for completing energy-saving retrofits in your home You may have home renovations low on your list of spending priorities, partly due to prohibitive... Changes to new mortgage financing homebuyers should know about Tracy Valko of Dominion Lending Centres in Kitchener stays on top of the latest mortgage rules,... Becker Bros. Towing: Celebrating 29 years Becker Bros. Towing of Kitchener is family owned company proudly celebrating 29 years in the... Find the perfect home security solution with AHS Security Systems For only the best in home security, homeowners in Kitchener, Waterloo, Cambridge and Guelph turn to... Attic insulation should be the highest priority in a home retrofit When it comes to improving your home's efficiency, you probably think of retrofitting the most... Cottages and chalets open the doors to a beautiful holiday season experience It's hard to imagine a warmer occasion than having family together at a cottage or chalet during... Second mortgages from Kitchener-Waterloo private lenders A second mortgage in Kitchener-Waterloo can let you borrow money against the equity in your... Test pool water regularly to prevent a chemical imbalance Waterloo’s Ponds for People Pools & Spas encourages you to test your pool water regularly. Too much... Experience fine dining at its best at Napa Grille and Wine Den Cambridge’s Napa Grille and Wine Den is the region’s choice for fine dining, and you don’t need to... Fashion forward and community minded salon and spa in Waterloo Element Hair is Waterloo Region's destination studio, offering full hair services, Element Hair... SPONSORED CONTENT View More   56% at Gino's Pizza $10 View Deal Ground Turkey - Bulk Packaged $18 View Deal AAA Top Sirloin Steaks $54 View Deal A Large Pizza or a Family Feast $10 View Deal 50% off 10 lbs of Chicken Wings $30 View Deal 75% off Bulk Packaged Ground Chicken $18 View Deal Turkey Breakfast Sausages $30 View Deal 45% off Beef Back Ribs $55 View Deal View All Deals MORE WORLD Israel says Nazi camp excavations unearth link to Anne Frank Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Crisis warnings sound as EU gears up for new migrant wave Israel, Palestinians, urged to talk Stopped train triggers major political row in Balkans PreviousNext Smoking costs world economy $1 trillion a year: WHO Europe’s cold snap: River shipping halted, death toll 61 The Record Info About Us Accessible Customer Service Pol Become A Carrier Commenting Guidelines Commitment to Accessibility Corporate Sales Contact Us FAQ Latest News Stories Newsletter Sign-up Manage My Subscription Mobile Print Editions Sitemap Staff Directory Today's Paper Work for Us Local Info Announcements Cars Classifieds Deals Jobs Real Estate Rentals Shopping Travel AutoCatch.com Community Sites BrantNews.com CambridgeTimes.ca FlamboroughReview.com GuelphMercuryTribune.com InsideHalton.com KitchenerPost.ca OurLondon.ca NewHamburgIndependent.ca Orangeville.com OurPerth.ca SouthWesternOntario.ca WaterlooChronicle.ca Resources GoldBook.ca InsuranceHotline.com Leasebusters.com MetrolandStore.com Affiliates & Partners Toronto Star Toronto.com Metro Workopolis Metroland News | Advertising Terms | Terms of use | Corporate Privacy Policy © Copyright 2017 Metroland Media Group Ltd. All Rights Reserved
Orlando: Manhunt for suspected cop killer expands; reward now $100,000 - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Prep Champs Get Apps Text Alerts Inauguration Viewing Schedule NFL PlayOff Schedule LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV Football CNN Video Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World Inauguration Viewing Schedule The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs NFL PlayOff Schedule Text Alerts Football Pro Football Challenge Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Orlando: Manhunt for suspected cop killer expands; reward now $100,000 Posted: Tuesday, January 10, 2017 4:32 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 10, 2017 4:32 PM EST An Orlando police officer was killed Monday, January 9, 2017 and a manhunt is under way for the gunman who shot her, the Orlando Police Department said. An Orlando police officer Master Sargent Debra Clayton was killed Monday, January 9, 2017 and a manhunt is under way for the gunman who shot her, the Orlando Police Department said. An Orlando police officer Master Sargent Debra Clayton was killed Monday, January 9, 2017 and a manhunt is under way for the gunman who shot her, the Orlando Police Department said. A $60-thousand-dollar reward is being offered for information for Markeith Loyd, the suspected shooter in the death of the Orlando Police Department officer Master Sargent Debra Clayton on Monday, January 9, 2017, according to a tweet from the Orlando... A $60-thousand-dollar reward is being offered for information for Markeith Loyd, the suspected shooter in the death of the Orlando Police Department officer Master Sargent Debra Clayton on Monday, January 9, 2017, according to a tweet from the Orlando... By Holly Yan and Nick Valencia CNN ORLANDO (CNN) -- The massive search for a man suspected of killing his pregnant girlfriend and gunning down an Orlando police officer has expanded beyond Florida, police said Tuesday. Markeith Loyd has been on the run since Monday morning when police say he killed Master Sgt. Debra Clayton as she tried to confront the murder suspect outside a Walmart. The manhunt for Loyd has already led to several injuries and the death of Orange County Sheriff's Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis, who died in a motorcycle crash while searching for him. As hundreds of law enforcement officers scramble to find a man called "armed and extremely dangerous," here are the latest developments: Reward raised to $100,000 Authorities increased the reward for information leading to Loyd's arrest to $100,000, Orlando police Chief John Mina said Tuesday. "The Orlando Police Department, the Orange County Sheriff's Office, the FBI, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, homeland security, the U.S. marshals -- everyone is working to capture him," he said earlier. "We believe that people who know where he is will want that money," he said. Suspect said he wanted to be on 'America's Most Wanted' Two weeks before Loyd was accused of killing his pregnant girlfriend, Sade Dixon, he posted a message on Facebook: "Goals!!!! To be on Americas most wanted". On Monday morning, Clayton received word that Loyd was near a local Walmart. She tried to confront him. "As soon as she said, 'Stop,' he basically opened fire on her," Mina said. A witness outside the Walmart described a similar scene. "I was walking down the sidewalk, right past the officer, and I heard her tell him to stop, or whatever, and he shot her," witness James Herman told CNN affiliate WFTV-TV in Orlando. "He shot her down." Fund established for officer's family Clayton was the mother of a college-age son, and Orlando police said many people have been asking how they can help. Already, however, some people have tried to profit from the officer's death. "Unfortunately, after tragic events like this, there are evil people out there who are looking to take advantage of our community, and there have already been two fake GoFundMe accounts," Mina said. He urged anyone wanting to donate to visit the verified GoFundMe page for Clayton's family. Clayton was a first responder to Pulse massacre Clayton's death was the latest blow for the Orlando Police Department, which is still reeling from the June massacre at the Pulse nightclub that left 49 people dead. "Unfortunately we still have officers that are struggling with the Pulse tragedy," the police chief said. "It's been a tough seven or eight months for us." Clayton responded moments after the mass shooting at the club, police spokeswoman Michelle Guido said. "Like many of other officers here, she was a first responder that had to go to Pulse in the early morning hours to assist," Mina said. The pursuit After the shooting, Loyd fled in a car and fired shots at another officer, police said. That officer was not seriously injured. The suspect then abandoned the first vehicle and carjacked another one. He ditched that second vehicle shortly afterward and ran into an apartment complex, Mina said. It's unclear where he is now. But a "be on the lookout" alert has been sent nationwide, which is standard procedure with Florida murder suspects, said Guido, the police spokeswoman. "I believe there have been people out there helping him all along," Mina said. "If we find out about those people, we will criminally charge them." He said Loyd would be charged with first-degree murder of a law enforcement officer and attempted murder of the officer at whom he fired. Colleagues mourn deaths of longtime officers Two departments must now hunt for the suspect while grieving the deaths of their colleagues. Clayton, the Orlando police master sergeant, was married and the mother of a college-age son. "I've known Debra for 17 years. She was extremely committed to our youth and the community," the police chief said. "She did so many different projects in the community. She organized several marches against violence by herself." Lewis, the sheriff's deputy killed in the crash, was also known as "Big Norm," friends said. "'Big Norm' was known as much for his infectious ear-to-ear smile as he was his 6-foot-3, nearly 300-pound towering frame," Orlando attorney Brian Sandor said. "His smile and laugh took over any room he was in." Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said his department is grappling with the loss. But "while we're processing our own emotional feelings," he said, "we still have a job to do." Attorney general nominee refers to Orlando During his confirmation hearing Tuesday on Capitol Hill, the US attorney general nominee, Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama, spoke about the dual tragedies that happened on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day. "Sadly, on that day, we lost two of our brave officers," Sessions said. He said Clayton and Lewis "dedicated their lives to keeping their communities safe, and we should remember their service and keep them and their families in our prayers." CNN's Nick Valencia reported from Orlando, and CNN's Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta. CNN's Madison Park, AnneClaire Stapleton, Robert Ray, Ralph Ellis and Kate Conerly contributed to this report. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices About Us Contact Us e-Edition App Downloads Login 23° Clear North Andover, MA (01845) Today Mostly clear. Tonight Mainly clear. Low 19F. Winds light and variable. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 8:54 pm Full Forecast Toggle navigation About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriptions Subscriber Services News SPECIAL REPORT: The Heroin Crisis Campaign 2016 Merrimack Valley Haverhill New Hampshire Business TV Listings Salute_to_seniors News featured Drones may be flying over Salem  +2 By Doug Ireland direland@eagletribune.com  16 hrs ago On YouTube and in the courts, a city and a cop do battle State pressured to wipe away traces of old pot arrests Dooming Obamacare raises sticky questions about guaranteed coverage Healey takes aim at Trump's presidency Slideshow: Patriots vs. Texans 28 dancers from local studio to perform in Trump's inauguration Game on  One person medflighted after rollover on 114 Sports National Sports Papi's Farewell Local Sports Can You Beat Burt? Sports featured BILL BURT: At 6-0 in playoffs, he picks today's games +3 Bill Burt CNHI Sports Boston 7 hrs ago Hector Longo's Two-Minute Drill: Patriots 34, Texans 16 Methuen captain Dickson plans to end program's postseason drought THREE AND OUT: Lewis, Edelman and Vince Hillie Baseball Classic set for May 25-27 Merrimack women nipped by No. 6 BC Captains Corner: Central Catholic boys swimming Cabrera remains king of the heavyweights; Raiders stay unbeaten Merrimack bounces back, beats No. 13 Notre Dame Classifieds Jobs Autos Homes Place an Ad Classifieds Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices Community Anniversary Engagements Weddings Births Photos Submit a Celebration Community Club News 13 hrs ago Community Calendar Reunions A Haverhill tradition: Church, synagogue join hands to honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. A Haverhill tradition: Church, synagogue join hands to honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. A Haverhill tradition: Church, synagogue join hands to honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. A Haverhill tradition: Church, synagogue join hands to honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. A Haverhill tradition: Church, synagogue join hands to honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr. Club News Opinion Columns Editorials Letters to the Editor Submit a Sound Off Opinion Taylor Armerding: Obama creates a final illusion as he says farewell Taylor Armerding 14 hrs ago David M. Shribman: Presidential images are a work still in progress Patricia Murphy: No sophomore slump for Marco Rubio Matt Welch: Hysteria aplenty at the Sessions hearing Sound Off Sound Off Gina Barreca: At 60, there’s wear, but I’m running fine Our view: Legislators' special status separates them from the people Our view: Salem State president leaves legacy of integrity, commitment Obituaries Submit an Obituary Submit a Memoriam Shop Coupon Deals Weekly Ads Newspaper Ads Buy Our Photos Public Notices Local Public Notices Massachusett's Public Notices AP The Latest: Reward shooting suspect raised to $100,000 Jan 10, 2017 Updated Jan 10, 2017 ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — The Latest on the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer (all times local): 2:40 p.m. Authorities have increased the reward to $100,000 for information leading to the arrest of a suspect in the slaying of an Orlando police sergeant. Orlando Police Chief John Mina announced at a news conference on Tuesday that the reward is being raised from $60,000 to $100,000 for information leading to the arrest of 41-year-old Markeith Loyd. Authorities also said that arrests warrants are being prepared for people who may have helped Loyd elude deputies who have sought to question him in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was killed Monday after she approached Loyd in a store parking lot. The manhunt for Loyd entered a second day on Tuesday. Authorities say they have received 300 tips from the public. ___ 2:30 p.m. The suspect who is the focus of a manhunt for the slaying of an Orlando police sergeant has a criminal record going back two decades. Court records show 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was arrested in 1996 on a murder charge that was later dropped. Loyd was arrested for battery on an officer in 1998 and sentenced to more than four years in prison. While in prison he was detained on federal drug charges, pleaded guilty to cocaine possession and was transferred to federal prison. Records show Loyd was released in July 2014. Now Loyd is wanted for the fatal shooting of Master Sgt. Debra Clayton Monday morning, who approached him in a Wal-Mart parking lot for questioning in the murder of a pregnant ex-girlfriend. ___ 1:25 p.m. The Orlando police sergeant who was gunned down in a Wal-Mart parking lot was one of the first responders to a mass shooting at a gay nightclub. The Orlando Police Department on Tuesday confirmed that Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was one of the officers who responded to the shooting at Pulse in which 49 patrons were killed. Last June's massacre in Orlando was the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Authorities say Clayton was gunned down Monday morning in a Wal-Mart parking lot after she approached a suspect who was wanted for questioning in the slaying last December of his pregnant girlfriend. A manhunt for suspect Markeith Loyd was in its second day on Tuesday. ___ 12:30 p.m. Orlando Police Chief John Mina says his agency is doing everything it can to catch a suspect wanted in the fatal shooting of a police sergeant. Mina said Tuesday that teams of detectives are following all leads and hundreds of officers and deputies are searching for suspect Markeith Loyd. Mina spoke in a video posted on the agency's Twitter page. Authorities say Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down Monday morning in a Wal-Mart parking lot after she approached Loyd, who was wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant girlfriend. Officers focused the manhunt on an apartment complex Monday afternoon, but no searches appeared to be going on there Tuesday morning. ___ 11 a.m. Shoppers are laying flowers, teddy bears and candles in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store where an Orlando police sergeant was gunned down as she approached a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. More than two dozen bouquets were displayed Tuesday morning in the parking lot outside a Wal-Mart in northwest Orlando where Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was killed the day before. Shoppers stopped by to take photos or say a prayer. Shopper Hal Shore says in his opinion, Clayton's death is a reminder that there is a "war" against police officers in the United States. Law enforcement officers spent a second day searching for the suspect wanted in Clayton's murder. ___ 9:20 a.m. The patrol car of an Orlando police sergeant fatally shot outside a Wal-Mart store is being displayed in front of Orlando Police headquarters as scores of law enforcement officers spend a second day conducting a manhunt for the suspect in her shooting. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton's patrol SUV was parked Tuesday outside the agency's headquarters in downtown Orlando. The police department also started an online fund to raise money for her family. The manhunt for suspect Markeith Loyd entered its second day Tuesday. Clayton had approached Loyd outside the store after someone tipped her off that he was in the area. He was wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. ___ 4:25 a.m. Orlando's law enforcement community is mourning the death of two officers amid the search for a suspect. Authorities say Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot Monday morning when she approached a fugitive wanted for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. More than two hours later, Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was killed when his motorcycle collided with a van as he was responding to a manhunt in search of the 41-year-old Markeith Loyd, the suspect in Clayton's shooting. Authorities say someone in a Wal-Mart store had tipped off the sergeant that Loyd was in the area. She was shot after she approached him outside the store. Loyd fled the area and a manhunt involving hundreds of law enforcement officers was conducted around an apartment complex in northwest Orlando. Tags General News Violent Crime Crime Law Enforcement Agencies Industry Regulation Government Business And Finance Business Government And Politics Government Regulations Orlando Mass Shooting Events Police Arrests Law And Order Locations Orlando Florida United States North America We have recently upgraded our commenting system. If you wish to comment please login using your social ID or create a new account. ADVERTISERS Featured Homes of the Week Trading Places in New Hampshire Text Alerts Sign Up Get text messages on your mobile phone with news, weather and more from The Eagle-Tribune.Sign up Most Popular Articles Images Videos Commented Articles Salem Shaw's slated to close  Building collapses in Lawrence Police: Windham teen missing since Tuesday UPDATE 2: Standoff continues in Haverhill Sanborn student petition calls for school board member's resignation   Suspect surrenders Medflight requested for crash on Route 114 in North Andover City of Lawrence stars in Affleck film Who killed Missy? Salem woman vows to solve childhood friend's 1988 murder Another driver passes out behind wheel in Salem Images Videos Commented Sorry, there are no recent results for popular commented articles. Twitter Tweets by eagletrib Connect with Us Latest Video MORE VIDEOS Buy our photos To view or purchase photos, visit photos.northofboston.com. Sections News Sports Community Opinion Obituaries Photos Public Notices Video Gallery Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Subscriber Services Submission Forms Advertiser Index Contact Information eagletribune.com 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA 01845 Phone: 978-946-2000 Email: news@eagletribune.com Follow Us © Copyright 2017 Eagle-Tribune, 100 Turnpike St. North Andover, MA | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
× We hope you have enjoyed your complimentary access for the month. Already a subscriber? Click on the button below to set up your account or log in if you already have one. Want to become a subscriber? Purchase a digital-only subscription now for unlimited online access to local news and information. Digital-only Access Unlimited Access to: magicvalley.com mobile web and mobile apps e-replica edition of printed newspaper Digital-only access only $10.00/mo Current Subscriber? Set up your account Log In Current Subscriber? Set up Account You are the owner of this article. Edit Article Add New Article Sign Up Log In Dashboard Logout My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout Subscribe Customer Service Sections News Local Mini-Cassia Crime & Courts The Big Story Business Agriculture Government & Politics Education Community National Wildfires Sports High School Sports College of Southern Idaho Boise State Bliss High School: Bears Prep Sports Buhl High School: Indians Prep Sports Burley High School: Bobcats Prep Sports Carey High School: Panthers Prep Sports Castleford High School: Wolves Prep Sports Camas County High School: Mushers Prep Sports Canyon Ridge High School: Riverhawks Prep Sports Community School: Cutthroats Prep Sports Declo High School: Hornets Prep Sports Dietrich High School: Devils Prep Sports Filer High School: Wildcats Prep Sports Glenns Ferry High School: Pilots Prep Sports Gooding High School: Senators Prep Sports Hagerman High School: Pirates Prep Sports Hansen High School: Huskies Prep Sports Jerome High School: Tigers Prep Sports Kimberly High School: Bulldogs Prep Sports Lighthouse Christian School: Lions Prep Sports Minico High School: Spartans Prep Sports Murtaugh High School: Red Devils Prep Sports Oakley High School: Hornets Prep Sports Richfield High School: Tigers Prep Sports Raft River High School: Trojans Prep Sports Shoshone High School: Indians Prep Sports Twin Falls High: Bruins Prep Sports Valley High School: Vikings Prep Sports Wendell High School: Trojans Prep Sports Wood River High: Wolverines Prep Sports Lifestyles Entertainment Outdoors Faith & Values Food Calendar Opinion Our View Other Views Letters to the Editor Blogs Photos & Videos Photo Galleries Video Photo Blog Obituaries Weather Games & Puzzles Buy & Sell Business Directory Real Estate Autos Classifieds Today's Deal Place an Ad Newspaper Ads Jobs Weekly Ads e-Edition Contact Toggle navigation Menu Search Search Log In Using Your Account Log In Don't have an account? Sign Up Today My Account Dashboard Profile Saved items Logout 10° Twin Falls, ID (83301) Today Skies clearing overnight. Tonight Cloudy skies early, then partly cloudy after midnight. Low 7F. Winds NE at 5 to 10 mph. Updated: January 15, 2017 @ 6:53 pm Full Forecast News Sports Opinion Events Obituaries Buy & Sell Close 1 of 10 Stephen M. Dowell Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Joe Burbank Friends and colleagues console each other after the body of an unidentified OCSO deputy was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed while responding to the fatal shooting of an Orlando Police officer in Orlando, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Stephen M. Dowell Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Red Huber Florida Highway Patrol Troopers secure the scene after Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was struck and killed by a vehicle in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in the crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Joe Burbank Orange County sheriff deputies salute as the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in the line of duty in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) John Raoux Sarah Harvey says a prayer at a makeshift memorial, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., at the parking lot of a Wal-Mart where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) John Raoux An employee of Wal-Mart lights a candle at a makeshift memorial, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., at the parking lot where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect in the shooting. (AP Photo/John Raoux) John Raoux A flag flies a half mast, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., in front of a Wal-Mart where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) John Raoux Flowers, teddy bears and other items are left at a makeshift memorial, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., at the parking lot of a Wal-Mart where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect in the shooting. (AP Photo/John Raoux) John Raoux Shawn Bergquist places a bouquet of flowers at a makeshift memorial, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., at the parking lot of a Wal-Mart where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect in the shooting. (AP Photo/John Raoux) AP The Latest: Reward shooting suspect raised to $100,000 Updated Jan 10, 2017 0 Stephen M. Dowell Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Joe Burbank Friends and colleagues console each other after the body of an unidentified OCSO deputy was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed while responding to the fatal shooting of an Orlando Police officer in Orlando, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Stephen M. Dowell Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Red Huber Florida Highway Patrol Troopers secure the scene after Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was struck and killed by a vehicle in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in the crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Joe Burbank Orange County sheriff deputies salute as the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in the line of duty in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) John Raoux Sarah Harvey says a prayer at a makeshift memorial, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., at the parking lot of a Wal-Mart where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) John Raoux An employee of Wal-Mart lights a candle at a makeshift memorial, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., at the parking lot where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect in the shooting. (AP Photo/John Raoux) John Raoux A flag flies a half mast, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., in front of a Wal-Mart where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) John Raoux Flowers, teddy bears and other items are left at a makeshift memorial, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., at the parking lot of a Wal-Mart where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect in the shooting. (AP Photo/John Raoux) John Raoux Shawn Bergquist places a bouquet of flowers at a makeshift memorial, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., at the parking lot of a Wal-Mart where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect in the shooting. (AP Photo/John Raoux) ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — The Latest on the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer (all times local): 2:40 p.m. Authorities have increased the reward to $100,000 for information leading to the arrest of a suspect in the slaying of an Orlando police sergeant. Orlando Police Chief John Mina announced at a news conference on Tuesday that the reward is being raised from $60,000 to $100,000 for information leading to the arrest of 41-year-old Markeith Loyd. Authorities also said that arrests warrants are being prepared for people who may have helped Loyd elude deputies who have sought to question him in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was killed Monday after she approached Loyd in a store parking lot. The manhunt for Loyd entered a second day on Tuesday. Authorities say they have received 300 tips from the public. ___ 2:30 p.m. The suspect who is the focus of a manhunt for the slaying of an Orlando police sergeant has a criminal record going back two decades. Court records show 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was arrested in 1996 on a murder charge that was later dropped. Loyd was arrested for battery on an officer in 1998 and sentenced to more than four years in prison. While in prison he was detained on federal drug charges, pleaded guilty to cocaine possession and was transferred to federal prison. Records show Loyd was released in July 2014. Now Loyd is wanted for the fatal shooting of Master Sgt. Debra Clayton Monday morning, who approached him in a Wal-Mart parking lot for questioning in the murder of a pregnant ex-girlfriend. ___ 1:25 p.m. The Orlando police sergeant who was gunned down in a Wal-Mart parking lot was one of the first responders to a mass shooting at a gay nightclub. The Orlando Police Department on Tuesday confirmed that Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was one of the officers who responded to the shooting at Pulse in which 49 patrons were killed. Last June's massacre in Orlando was the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Authorities say Clayton was gunned down Monday morning in a Wal-Mart parking lot after she approached a suspect who was wanted for questioning in the slaying last December of his pregnant girlfriend. A manhunt for suspect Markeith Loyd was in its second day on Tuesday. ___ 12:30 p.m. Orlando Police Chief John Mina says his agency is doing everything it can to catch a suspect wanted in the fatal shooting of a police sergeant. Mina said Tuesday that teams of detectives are following all leads and hundreds of officers and deputies are searching for suspect Markeith Loyd. Mina spoke in a video posted on the agency's Twitter page. Authorities say Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down Monday morning in a Wal-Mart parking lot after she approached Loyd, who was wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant girlfriend. Officers focused the manhunt on an apartment complex Monday afternoon, but no searches appeared to be going on there Tuesday morning. ___ 11 a.m. Shoppers are laying flowers, teddy bears and candles in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store where an Orlando police sergeant was gunned down as she approached a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. More than two dozen bouquets were displayed Tuesday morning in the parking lot outside a Wal-Mart in northwest Orlando where Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was killed the day before. Shoppers stopped by to take photos or say a prayer. Get news headlines sent daily to your inbox Sign Up! I understand and agree that registration on or use of this site consitutes agreement to its user agreement and privacy policy. Shopper Hal Shore says in his opinion, Clayton's death is a reminder that there is a "war" against police officers in the United States. Law enforcement officers spent a second day searching for the suspect wanted in Clayton's murder. ___ 9:20 a.m. The patrol car of an Orlando police sergeant fatally shot outside a Wal-Mart store is being displayed in front of Orlando Police headquarters as scores of law enforcement officers spend a second day conducting a manhunt for the suspect in her shooting. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton's patrol SUV was parked Tuesday outside the agency's headquarters in downtown Orlando. The police department also started an online fund to raise money for her family. The manhunt for suspect Markeith Loyd entered its second day Tuesday. Clayton had approached Loyd outside the store after someone tipped her off that he was in the area. He was wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. ___ 4:25 a.m. Orlando's law enforcement community is mourning the death of two officers amid the search for a suspect. Authorities say Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot Monday morning when she approached a fugitive wanted for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. More than two hours later, Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was killed when his motorcycle collided with a van as he was responding to a manhunt in search of the 41-year-old Markeith Loyd, the suspect in Clayton's shooting. Authorities say someone in a Wal-Mart store had tipped off the sergeant that Loyd was in the area. She was shot after she approached him outside the store. Loyd fled the area and a manhunt involving hundreds of law enforcement officers was conducted around an apartment complex in northwest Orlando. Tags Wire General News Violent Crime Crime Law Enforcement Agencies Industry Regulation Government Business And Finance Business Government And Politics Government Regulations Orlando Mass Shooting Events Police Arrests Law And Order × Post a comment Emoticons [smile] [beam] [wink] [sad] [cool] [innocent] [rolleyes] [whistling] [lol] [huh] [tongue] [love] [sleeping] [yawn] [unsure] [angry] [blink] [crying] [ohmy] [scared] [sleep] [sneaky] [tongue_smile] [thumbdown] [thumbup] [censored] [happybirthday] [ban] [spam] [offtopic] [batman] [ninja] [pirate] [alien] Comment Text Cancel Post comment × Report Cancel Report Abuse × Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Get an email notification whenever someone contributes to the discussion Notifications from this discussion will be disabled. Cancel Start watching Stop watching (0) comments Welcome to the discussion. Log In Keep it Clean. Please avoid obscene, vulgar, lewd, racist or sexually-oriented language. PLEASE TURN OFF YOUR CAPS LOCK. Don't Threaten. Threats of harming another person will not be tolerated. Be Truthful. Don't knowingly lie about anyone or anything. Be Nice. No racism, sexism or any sort of -ism that is degrading to another person. Be Proactive. Use the 'Report' link on each comment to let us know of abusive posts. Share with Us. We'd love to hear eyewitness accounts, the history behind an article. Post a comment Watch this discussion. Stop watching this discussion. Latest in section PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Central US Ice storm falls short of dire forecasts PBS Kids round-the-clock TV, online channel launches Monday The Latest: Kansas City didn't have ice, but does have fog Most Popular Twin Falls man dies after falling from 2nd story window Black Bear Diner plans to open in Twin Falls Police say Burley man deliberately hit man on motorized bike A life remembered: The woman who survived 7 organ transplants Flooding hits Mini-Cassia Business Directory Latest Local Offers Ken's Wheelers N Dealers Cars, Trucks, SUV's, OH MY! Come to Ken's Wheelers and Dealers to find your vehicle today! Call today: 208-735-5209 Updated Jan 11, 2017 Kitchen Tune-Up Save BIG now on Cabinet Refacing or Wood Reconditioning! Click here special deals. Call Kitchen Tune-Up today: 208-736-1036 Updated Jan 11, 2017 Currents Home and Garden One big reason why table saw kickback can be so dangerous National News Which states have the most gun stores? Health-med-fit Calculator: How long will it take to burn off that food? Today’s top pics: Preparing for Chinese New Year and more Your daily 6: Bad boots make swastika imprint, too much snow and the Barack-Biden bromance Today In History, Jan. 13: Costa Concordia Today's Birthdays, Jan. 13: Rip Taylor Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Harden's 12th triple-double helps Rockets end 2-game skid DeMar DeRozan scores 23 points, Raptors rout Knicks 116-101 Curry, Warriors ready for another Cavs rematch Latest Local Offers Are you interested in upgrading your home entertainment? Magic Valley Alarm offers specials on Home Theatre Packages! Call now for more information! 208-595-1125 For more information, call Magic Valley Alarm today! 208-595-1125 & 208-410-4287 Magic Valley Alarm 1406 Riverridge St, Twin Falls, ID 83301 208-595-1125 Currently Open Ads Coleman, Lopes & Company accounting services steer you closer to your goals with accurate record keeping and reporting! Call Coleman, Lopes & Company today for more information! 208-735-0411 & 208-934-4355 From start-ups to established enterprises, businesses rely on accurate and insightful financ… Coleman, Lopes & Company 401 Gooding St N. Suite 201, Twin Falls, ID 83301 208-735-0411 Ads There's no better time than now to have your windows washed! Call A Perfect View Window Cleaning today and receive 10% off all window cleaning and washing services! 208-316-8292 A Perfect View Window Cleaning wants to give you the customer satisfaction you deserve. We t… A Perfect View Cleaning, LLC. 341 Red Rock Trail, Kimberly, ID 83341 208-316-8292 Ads TODAY'S TOP VIDEO Video: Officials spell out inauguration security plans Video: Oregon zoo animals frolic in the snow Video: Study finds lower mortality risk for ‘weekend warriors’ Video: Ruby seadragon filmed for the first time Sites & Partners Print Edition Online Magic Valley Wheels Today's Deal Online Features Tools & Services Customer Service Subscribe Activate Advertise Email Alerts Contact Us About Us © Copyright 2017 Times-News, 132 Fairfield ST W Twin Falls, ID | Terms of Use | Privacy Policy Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com.
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Region Machete-wielding man injures 3 in Oregon TUESDAY, JAN. 10, 2017, 12:08 P.M. By Steven Dubois Associated Press Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS PORTLAND, Ore. (AP) – A felon armed with a machete slashed three men at a Woodburn apartment complex after running through a Walmart with the weapon and threatening to kill a store greeter on his way out, authorities said Tuesday. Woodburn city spokesman Jason Horton said police responded to Walmart shortly after 10 p.m. Monday. They had been alerted a man was shattering glass cabinets and stealing ammunition. Witnesses told police that Alan Lee Brock ran through the store with the machete, swinging it at the Walmart greeter as he was leaving and verbally threatening to kill him. “It came pretty close to him,” Horton said. Officers found the 29-year-old Brock parked outside the store in a car that had been reported stolen in Springfield, 80 miles south. The suspect drove slowly before speeding up and getting away. Horton said he aimed the vehicle toward officers before quickly turning and driving over an embankment. Police were soon called to a nearby apartment complex, where they say Brock tried to rob a woman for her purse and car keys before breaking down an apartment door and slashing three men. He slashed one across the throat, one on the head and one on the arm. Horton said the three were taken to a hospital with injuries not considered life-threatening. Officers found Brock on a stairwell and he surrendered without further commotion, Horton said. Brock was jailed on three counts of attempted murder. Court records do not list an attorney to speak on his behalf. Brock’s arrest record stretches back to his teenage years, with charges including robbery, burglary, theft and felon in possession of a firearm. His most recent conviction was in October for heroin possession. He was sentenced to 10 days in the Lane County Jail along with probation and a suspension of his driving license. Published: Jan. 10, 2017, 12:08 p.m.  Click here to comment on this story » ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Back to Spokesman Mobile
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DoD•Veterans Affairs•HUD•Tom Temin•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Previous Story The Latest: Yosemite National Park reopens Next Story Kerry: ‘More forceful ways’ may be needed with North Korea Home » The Associated Press » Government News » The Latest: Reward shooting… The Latest: Reward shooting suspect raised to $100,000 By The Associated Press January 10, 2017 2:56 pm Share ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — The Latest on the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer (all times local): 2:40 p.m. Authorities have increased the reward to $100,000 for information leading to the arrest of a suspect in the slaying of an Orlando police sergeant. Free e-book on the state of identity management in government. Download now Orlando Police Chief John Mina announced at a news conference on Tuesday that the reward is being raised from $60,000 to $100,000 for information leading to the arrest of 41-year-old Markeith Loyd. Advertisement Authorities also said that arrests warrants are being prepared for people who may have helped Loyd elude deputies who have sought to question him in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was killed Monday after she approached Loyd in a store parking lot. The manhunt for Loyd entered a second day on Tuesday. Authorities say they have received 300 tips from the public. ___ 2:30 p.m. The suspect who is the focus of a manhunt for the slaying of an Orlando police sergeant has a criminal record going back two decades. Court records show 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was arrested in 1996 on a murder charge that was later dropped. Loyd was arrested for battery on an officer in 1998 and sentenced to more than four years in prison. While in prison he was detained on federal drug charges, pleaded guilty to cocaine possession and was transferred to federal prison. Records show Loyd was released in July 2014. Now Loyd is wanted for the fatal shooting of Master Sgt. Debra Clayton Monday morning, who approached him in a Wal-Mart parking lot for questioning in the murder of a pregnant ex-girlfriend. ___ 1:25 p.m. The Orlando police sergeant who was gunned down in a Wal-Mart parking lot was one of the first responders to a mass shooting at a gay nightclub. The Orlando Police Department on Tuesday confirmed that Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was one of the officers who responded to the shooting at Pulse in which 49 patrons were killed. Last June’s massacre in Orlando was the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Authorities say Clayton was gunned down Monday morning in a Wal-Mart parking lot after she approached a suspect who was wanted for questioning in the slaying last December of his pregnant girlfriend. A manhunt for suspect Markeith Loyd was in its second day on Tuesday. ___ 12:30 p.m. Orlando Police Chief John Mina says his agency is doing everything it can to catch a suspect wanted in the fatal shooting of a police sergeant. Mina said Tuesday that teams of detectives are following all leads and hundreds of officers and deputies are searching for suspect Markeith Loyd. Mina spoke in a video posted on the agency’s Twitter page. Authorities say Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down Monday morning in a Wal-Mart parking lot after she approached Loyd, who was wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant girlfriend. Officers focused the manhunt on an apartment complex Monday afternoon, but no searches appeared to be going on there Tuesday morning. ___ 11 a.m. Shoppers are laying flowers, teddy bears and candles in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store where an Orlando police sergeant was gunned down as she approached a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. More than two dozen bouquets were displayed Tuesday morning in the parking lot outside a Wal-Mart in northwest Orlando where Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was killed the day before. Shoppers stopped by to take photos or say a prayer. Shopper Hal Shore says in his opinion, Clayton’s death is a reminder that there is a “war” against police officers in the United States. Law enforcement officers spent a second day searching for the suspect wanted in Clayton’s murder. ___ 9:20 a.m. The patrol car of an Orlando police sergeant fatally shot outside a Wal-Mart store is being displayed in front of Orlando Police headquarters as scores of law enforcement officers spend a second day conducting a manhunt for the suspect in her shooting. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton’s patrol SUV was parked Tuesday outside the agency’s headquarters in downtown Orlando. The police department also started an online fund to raise money for her family. The manhunt for suspect Markeith Loyd entered its second day Tuesday. Clayton had approached Loyd outside the store after someone tipped her off that he was in the area. He was wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. ___ 4:25 a.m. Orlando’s law enforcement community is mourning the death of two officers amid the search for a suspect. Authorities say Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot Monday morning when she approached a fugitive wanted for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. More than two hours later, Orange County Sheriff’s Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was killed when his motorcycle collided with a van as he was responding to a manhunt in search of the 41-year-old Markeith Loyd, the suspect in Clayton’s shooting. Authorities say someone in a Wal-Mart store had tipped off the sergeant that Loyd was in the area. She was shot after she approached him outside the store. Loyd fled the area and a manhunt involving hundreds of law enforcement officers was conducted around an apartment complex in northwest Orlando. Topics: Government News U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » The Latest: Reward shooting… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1966: LBJ appoints first African-American Cabinet member A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended Widespread congressional support for Mattis as Defense secretary suddenly devolves along partisan lines Top Story Federal pay freeze likely under new Congress Commentary Chaffetz calls for scrutiny of ethics watchdog for Trump tweets Hearings/Oversight How Fort Myer handles thousands of service members for the inauguration Defense Small Business Administration to help find jobs for Peace Corps volunteers Hiring/Retention Government News Previous Story The Latest: Yosemite National Park reopens Next Story Kerry: ‘More forceful ways’ may be needed with North Korea Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP US WORLD SCIENCE TECH MEDIA TRUMP Styles Structure {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} {text} {title} Values Scripts Kellyanne Conway: Details of Russia investigation should be kept secret ‘to protect the public’ Conn. Republican arrested for grabbing woman’s genitals — his lawyer says it was ‘a playful gesture’ ‘You are so predictable’: Twitter excoriates Trump over weekly anti-SNL tweets ‘They’ll be beautifully covered’: Trump won’t talk specifics of new health plan but says it’s ‘great’ Scandal-plagued megachurch pastor Bishop Eddie Long dies of cancer Israeli spies: Trump ‘golden showers’ dossier only one of many troubling reports being investigated ‘Ugh’: 3 Doors Down fans respond to news the band is playing Trump’s inauguration WATCH: Alec Baldwin returns to SNL to brutally mock Donald Trump’s Russian pee-pee parties ‘How dare you!’: Atlanta Journal-Constitution’s front page rips Trump for attacking John Lewis Michael Moore backs up John Lewis with 6 reasons Trump is an ‘illegitimate president’ Wal-Mart told to pay pharmacist $16.08 million for gender bias, sum may drop Reuters 10 Jan 2017 at 14:07 ET                    A girl walks along the checkouts at the Wal-Mart Supercenter in Springdale, Arkansas June 4, 2015. REUTERS/Rick Wilking Don't miss stories. Follow Raw Story! Follow @rawstory Wal-Mart Stores Inc has been ordered by a federal judge to pay $16.08 million to a former New Hampshire pharmacist in a gender bias case, but the amount is only about half what a jury awarded and may fall substantially further. U.S. District Judge Steven McAuliffe also asked the New Hampshire Supreme Court to advise whether the plaintiff Maureen McPadden was entitled under state law to any of the $15 million of “enhanced” damages that comprised most of the award. Though “reasonable minds can differ,” Wal-Mart “asserts – not implausibly” that such damages are not available, the Concord, New Hampshire judge wrote on Jan. 6. Wal-Mart had no immediate comment on Tuesday, but the Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer has said it does not tolerate discrimination. McPadden accused the world’s largest retailer of using her loss of a pharmacy key as a pretext for her November 2012 dismissal from a store in Seabrook, New Hampshire, after more than 13 years at the retailer. She said Wal-Mart actually fired her in retaliation for her raising concerns about whether prescriptions were being filled properly. McPadden also said her gender played a role, saying a male pharmacist who later lost his key was not fired. Jurors originally awarded McPadden $31.22 million, a sum that McAuliffe said was “to say the least, startling.” The judge later reduced the punitive damages component to $300,000 from $15 million as required by federal law, and in a Jan. 5 order said McPadden deserved just $111,591 of front pay, one-fifth what the jury had awarded. Wal-Mart had sought to overturn the entire verdict, but McAuliffe rejected that request in September. Rick Fradette, a lawyer for McPadden, said that if enhanced damages were ever warranted, “it is where the world’s largest private employer continues to discriminate against women in the 21st century. “Wal-Mart’s posture has been that it will fight this to the end,” he said. “We’ll see what the New Hampshire Supreme Court has to say.” The case is McPadden v. Wal-Mart Stores East LP, U.S. District Court, District of New Hampshire, No. 14-00475. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Richard Chang) Report typos and corrections to corrections@rawstory.com About the AuthorReuters.com brings you the latest news from around the world, covering breaking news in business, politics, technology, and more. Next on Raw Story > ‘They’ll be beautifully covered’: Trump won’t talk specifics of new health plan but says it’s ‘great’ By commenting, you agree to our terms of service and to abide by our commenting policy. Read Comments - Join the Discussion SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address New Stories Trump says more countries could exit EU over refugee migration Chronic winter headaches may he due to vitamin D deficiency ‘They’ll be beautifully covered’: Trump won’t talk specifics of new health plan but says it’s ‘great’ A president needs ‘stamina’ and ‘thick skin’: Obama subtly jabs Trump in last presidential interview ‘You are so predictable’: Twitter excoriates Trump over weekly anti-SNL tweets News from idealmedia.com New Videos A president needs ‘stamina’ and ‘thick skin’: Obama subtly jabs Trump in last presidential interview A ‘prayer shield’ and a ‘wall of meat’: Christians and bikers vow to protect Trump at inauguration Pro-Trump pastor goes ballistic on CNN: ‘Since when did Russia become a threat?’ WATCH: Colorado Republican secretly flees town hall to avoid constituents mad about gutting Obamacare Reince Priebus resorts to intimidation: ‘The head of the government ethics ought to be careful’ SEE ALL RAW STORIES SIGN UP FOR OUR NEWSLETTER Get the best of Raw Story, delivered daily Email Address Google+
Hot Topics: Trump Transition Local Heroes Where We Live My Classic Car The Alphabet Print   Email   Font Resize Police Briefs Updated:   01/10/2017 10:51:51 AM EST Townsend woman arrested in larceny at Lunenburg Walmart LUNENBURG - A Townsend woman was arrested Sunday after she allegedly concealed 56 items totaling $397.92 in her purse and under her shirt before walking past the points of purchase at Walmart, according to court documents. Brianna A. Bisceglia, 24, of 82 Main St., was arraigned Monday on a charge of larceny over $250, according to court documents. After being arraigned in Fitchburg District Court, Bisceglia was released on a written promise to appear at her next court date. Man charged in assault on pregnant woman FITCHBURG - Acity man was arrested Saturday on assault charges after he allegedly pushed a pregnant woman to the floor and into a wall, according to court documents. Patrick A. Bradley, 32, of Electric Avenue, was arraigned Monday on charges of aggravated assault and battery and assault and battery on a household member, according to court documents. After being arraigned in Fitchburg District Court, Bradley's bail was set at $1,000 cash or a $10,000 surety bond. Homeless man hit with drug charges FITCHBURG - A homeless man was arrested Friday on drug distribution charges, according to court documents. Jose A. Coreano, 32, with no known address, was arraigned Monday on charges of possession of Class A with intent to distribute, distribution of a Class B substance with intent to distribute and conspiracy to violate drug law, according to court documents. Advertisement While conducting "routine narcotics enforcement," police said they saw Coreano complete multiple hand-to-hand drug transactions, according to a police report. According to the report, Coreano was placed under arrest and during the booking process told officers he had heroin in his shoe. The heroin was eight individual baggies "consistent with drug distribution," police said. After being arraigned in Fitchburg District Court, Coreano was released on a written promise to appear at his next court date. Print   Email   Font ResizeReturn to Top     Welcome to your discussion forum: Sign in with a Disqus account or your social networking account for your comment to be posted immediately, provided it meets the guidelines. (READ HOW.) Comments made here are the sole responsibility of the person posting them; these comments do not reflect the opinion of The Sentinel and Enterprise. So keep it civil. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Google+ The Bottom Line Celebrities Culture Oddities Comedy Good News Comics Games Advice Polls Blogs ‹› Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Use  |  MNG Corporate Site Map  |  Copyright
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wal-Mart owes pharmacist $16.08 million for gender bias, sum may drop Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States U.S. | Tue Jan 10, 2017 | 2:51pm EST Wal-Mart owes pharmacist $16.08 million for gender bias, sum may drop left right A girl walks along the checkouts at the Wal-Mart Supercenter in Springdale, Arkansas June 4, 2015. REUTERS/Rick Wilking 1/2 left right Shopping carts are seen outside a new Wal-Mart Express store in Chicago July 26, 2011. REUTERS/John Gress/Files 2/2 By Jonathan Stempel Wal-Mart Stores Inc has been ordered by a federal judge to pay $16.08 million to a former New Hampshire pharmacist in a gender bias case, but the amount is only about half what a jury awarded and may fall substantially further. U.S. District Judge Steven McAuliffe also asked the New Hampshire Supreme Court to advise whether the plaintiff Maureen McPadden was entitled under state law to any of the $15 million of "enhanced" damages that comprised most of the award. Though "reasonable minds can differ," Wal-Mart "asserts - not implausibly" that such damages are not available, the Concord, New Hampshire judge wrote on Jan. 6. Wal-Mart considers the damages award "improper," spokesman Randy Hargrove said in an email. "We look forward to the New Hampshire Supreme Court's determination." The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer has said it does not tolerate discrimination. McPadden accused the world's largest retailer of using her loss of a pharmacy key as a pretext for her November 2012 dismissal from a store in Seabrook, New Hampshire, after more than 13 years at the retailer. She said Wal-Mart actually fired her in retaliation for her raising concerns about whether prescriptions were being filled properly. McPadden also said her gender played a role, saying a male pharmacist who later lost his key was not fired. Jurors originally awarded McPadden $31.22 million, a sum that McAuliffe said was "to say the least, startling." As required by federal law, the judge later reduced the punitive damages component, to $300,000 from $15 million, and in a Jan. 5 order said McPadden deserved just $111,591 of front pay, one-fifth what the jury had awarded. Wal-Mart had sought to overturn the entire verdict, but McAuliffe rejected that request in September. Rick Fradette, a lawyer for McPadden, said that if enhanced damages were ever warranted, "it is where the world's largest private employer continues to discriminate against women in the 21st century. "Wal-Mart's posture has been that it will fight this to the end," he said. "We'll see what the New Hampshire Supreme Court has to say." The case is McPadden v. Wal-Mart Stores East LP, U.S. District Court, District of New Hampshire, No. 14-00475. (Reporting by Jonathan Stempel in New York; Editing by Richard Chang) Next In U.S. Man arrested after Washington state Islamic Center fire A Washington man was arrested on Saturday on charges of setting fire to an Islamic center in Bellevue, Washington, authorities said. Washington protesters vow to fight for civil rights under Trump WASHINGTON U.S. civil rights activists vowed on Saturday to defend hard-fought gains in voting rights and criminal justice during the presidency of Donald Trump, kicking off a week of protests ahead of the Republican's inauguration. High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies at 73 Fijian-born Jimmy "Superfly" Snuka, one of biggest stars in professional wrestling in the 1980s, died on Sunday at age 73, less than two weeks after homicide charges were dropped against him in Pennsylvania for the 1983 death of his girlfriend. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
NJ.com Menu Home News Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Photos/Videos Obituaries Autos Jobs Real Estate Rentals Health Classifieds Local Businesses Place An Ad Opinion Follow Us Subscribe Back to Main Menu News News by County All Newspapers Business Crime Education Health Lottery Obituaries Politics Back to Main Menu Atlantic Bergen Burlington Camden Cape May Cumberland Essex Gloucester Hudson Hunterdon Mercer Middlesex Monmouth Morris Ocean Passaic Salem Somerset Sussex Union Warren Back to Main Menu The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Independent Press Horse News Back to Main Menu Politics Home Chris Christie Opinion The Auditor Back to Main Menu Sports Home Devils Eagles Flyers Giants Jets Knicks Mets Nets Phillies Rangers Red Bulls Rutgers Basketball Rutgers Football Rutgers Sports Seton Hall Sixers Yankees Back to Main Menu Football Wrestling Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Ice Hockey Boys Swimming Girls Swimming Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Boys Fencing Girls Fencing Girls Ice Hockey Boys Skiing Girls Skiing Off Season Sports Bergen County Back to Main Menu Baseball Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Field Hockey Boys Golf Girls Golf Gymnastics Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Softball Boys Tennis Girls Tennis Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home Atlantic City Entertainment Celebrities Comics Events Food & Dining Indulge Inside Jersey Movies Music Puzzles Shore TV Back to Main Menu Hunterdon County Democrat Photos Jersey Journal Photos NJ.com Photos South Jersey Times Photos Star-Ledger Photos Times of Trenton Photos Videos Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Real Estate News Resources Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Obituaries Rentals Pets For Sale Garage Sales Find n Save Fraud Prevention Manage Your Ad Place An Ad Back to Main Menu Find A Business Food & Dining Retail Shopping Health & Medicine Personal Care Entertainment Real Estate Automotive Claim Your Business Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter View our Instagram photos See our Tumblr feed See our Pinterest page Visit us on Google Plus Visit OMJ for NJ celebrity & style Back to Main Menu Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search NJ.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to NJ.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe Email newsletters The Star-Ledger The Times of Trenton The Jersey Journal South Jersey Times Hunterdon County Democrat Star Gazette comments Twinkies, chocolates recalled on salmonella concerns Print Email Jeff Goldman | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com By Jeff Goldman | NJ Advance Media for NJ.com NJ.com Email the author | Follow on Twitter on January 10, 2017 at 1:41 PM, updated January 10, 2017 at 3:17 PM comments One type of Twinkies and more than 20 chocolate products including those sold at Wal-Mart have been recalled amid concerns the treats could contain powdered milk contaminated with salmonella. Holiday White Peppermint Hostess Twinkies, which were recalled because they contained powdered milk that might have been contaminated. FDA  The confectionery coating in Hostess Holiday White Peppermint Twinkies was made with milk powder ingredients recalled by Valley Milk because of concerns it contained salmonella, the Food and Drug Administration announced Monday. Hostess recalled the Twinkies voluntarily. The FDA also said Palmer-branded chocolate products as well as unbranded bulk candy and specific products made under Wal-Mart's "The Bakery" brand were voluntarily pulled out of stores. The Twinkies recall only applies to  the White Peppermint Hostess Twinkies, sold in multi-pack boxes of nine.  The Palmer candies were produced between Oct. 20, 2016 and Dec. 9, 2016 and have expiration dates as late as August 2017. A complete list of Palmer-recalled chocolates, cookies and candies can be found here.   There have been no reports of illness as a result of the recalled products being eaten, the FDA said. Salmonella can cause fever, diarrhea, nausea, vomiting and abdominal pain. In rare instances, it can lead to arterial infections (i.e., infected aneurysms), endocarditis and arthritis.  Customers are advised not to eat any of the named products and to return them to where they were bought for a refund. Jeff Goldman may be reached at jeff_goldman@njadvancemedia.com. Follow him on Twitter @JeffSGoldman. Find NJ.com on Facebook.  Get Healthy: Health & Fitness Info for N.J. Flu now rampant throughout all New Jersey 7 N.J. hospitals cited as tops in the nation for safe, quality care Why STDs are up in N.J., a ranking of all 21 counties MORE HEALTH & FITNESS NEWS » Most Read Active Discussions nj.com About Us About NJ.com Advertise with us Contact Us Visit OMJ.com Jobs at NJ Advance Media Newsletters Frequently Asked Questions More on NJ.com Interact Weather Site map Claim your free business listing Sponsor Content Search Place an ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Post a job Post a free classified ad Apartments & rentals NJ.com Sections N.J. News Local News N.J. Politics Sports High School Sports Entertainment Food & Recipes Living Business Opinion Inside Jersey Shore Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Special Sections Contribute to NJ.com Submit an event Follow Us Twitter Google+ Facebook foursquare Newspaper stories and photos The Star-Ledger | Subscribe The Times of Trenton | Subscribe The Jersey Journal | Subscribe South Jersey Times | Subscribe Hunterdon County Democrat | Subscribe Star Gazette | Subscribe The Warren Reporter Suburban News Horse News Learn more about our newspapers Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet apps Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 New Jersey On-Line LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of New Jersey On-Line LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Home News Metro Aurora News Aurora Biz Nation World Colorado News Obituaries Your News A-Town Blogs Opinion Sports A-Town All-Stars Aurora Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Guide Colorado Girls Elevated Colorado Table Wellness Music Screen Stage and Comedy Travel Aurora Homes Events A-Town Football Game of the Week Colorado Girls Elevated Search Events Submit Your Event Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Colorado Girls Elevated Aurora Sentinel Colorado Table Aurora Magazine Aurora Biz Findit! Search the site Aurora, CO 31°F   Aurora Sentinel Colorado Table Aurora Magazine Aurora Biz Findit! Subscribe to a free E-dition 31°F Home News Metro Aurora News Aurora Biz Nation World Colorado News Obituaries Your News A-Town Blogs Opinion Sports A-Town All-Stars Aurora Prep Sports College Sports Pro Sports Guide Colorado Girls Elevated Colorado Table Wellness Music Screen Stage and Comedy Travel Aurora Homes Events A-Town Football Game of the Week Colorado Girls Elevated Search Events Submit Your Event Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Colorado Girls Elevated Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers The deaths left Orlando's law enforcement community in mourning. Clayton's patrol SUV was displayed in front of police headquarters Tuesday. The department also started an online fund to raise money for her family. By MIKE SCHNEIDER, Associated Press, Updated: January 10, 2017 11:59 am Follow @AuroraSentinel ORLANDO, Fla. | Law enforcement officers in Orlando were engaged in a massive manhunt early Tuesday for a man accused of fatally shooting a police officer who approached him outside a Wal-Mart. The manhunt itself has led to the death of a sheriff’s deputy in a traffic accident and the injury of another officer. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, was killed outside the Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando early Monday, and Orange County Sheriff’s Office Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis was killed more than two hours later in a crash while responding to a manhunt for Markeith Loyd, 41. Friends and colleagues console each other after the body of an unidentified OCSO deputy was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed while responding to the fatal shooting of an Orlando Police officer in Orlando, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Orange County sheriff deputies salute as the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in the line of duty in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Florida Highway Patrol Troopers secure the scene after Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was struck and killed by a vehicle in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in the crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Law enforcement officers search an apartment complex for a suspect near where a police officer was shot and killed, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Friends and colleagues console each other following the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in the line of duty in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Law enforcement officers search an area for a suspect near where a police officer was shot and killed, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. (AP Photo/John Raoux) The deaths left Orlando’s law enforcement community in mourning. Clayton’s patrol SUV was displayed in front of police headquarters Tuesday. The department also started an online fund to raise money for her family. In the Wal-Mart parking lot Tuesday morning, shoppers laid more than two dozen bouquets of flowers, teddy bears and candles in a makeshift memorial. Some shoppers, like Hal Shore, stopped to say a prayer or take a photo. “It’s important that the country is aware that there is a war against police officers,” said Shore, a cabinet maker. An apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt Monday afternoon didn’t appear to have any police searches going on Tuesday morning, but Orlando Police Chief John Mina said hundreds of officers and deputies were still searching for Loyd and teams of detectives were following every lead. “We will not stop until we find him,” Mina said in a video on the agency’s official Twitter page. “We are doing everything in our power to find him and capture him and put him behind bars.” Authorities said Loyd previously was a suspect in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. A massive manhunt involving hundreds of officers was conducted all day Monday as they searched for Loyd in dozens of homes, displacing some residents of a northwest Orlando apartment complex and tying up traffic. “He should be considered armed and dangerous,” Police Chief John Mina said. Later in the day, the chief said, “It doesn’t matter where he is. We will track him down to the ends of the Earth.” Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said deputies had been searching unsuccessfully for Loyd for several weeks since the fatal shooting of his ex-girlfriend and believe he was receiving help from someone. Mina lauded Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the force, as a committed officer and a hero who gave her life to the community she loves. The Orlando Police Department said in a tweet that Clayton always had a smile and a high five for every child she came across. Clayton had grown up in the Orlando area and was active in programs that mentored young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” Mina said. Clayton was a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and she previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. “She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,” Rolon said. She was married and had a college-age son. Police released a video of Clayton’s body being taken out of the hospital to a waiting van in a flag-covered stretcher. A line of officers saluted as the stretcher was wheeled out. The apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt and shooting in northwest Orlando was nowhere near Orlando’s tourism corridor in the southern part of the metro area. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared a day of mourning in the city. While at the Wal-Mart on Monday morning, Clayton was tipped off by someone that Loyd was in the area. When she approached him, he fired multiple shots at Clayton, who returned fire but didn’t hit him. She was wearing body armor, but was hit multiple times. Sheriff’s officials said a deputy spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle. The suspect pulled into a nearby apartment complex and then fired at a deputy, striking the deputy’s SUV twice. The deputy wasn’t harmed, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle, drove away and then abandoned the vehicle not far away, according to the sheriff’s office. The Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputy was killed more than two hours after the shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Demings described the 35-year-old Lewis as “a gentle giant,” and the sheriff’s office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. Tags: ap Top Videos TUESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute Police: Beating on video began after friendly encounter — VIDEO CLIPS OF COPS FRIDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute WEDNESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute WEDNESDAY NEWS IN A RUSH: 10 things in 60 seconds and A-TownTV NewsMinute View more Top Videos Aurora Sentinel Local news, sports & entertainment News Opinion Sports Guide Events Colorado Table Markets & Events Recipes Dining Pure Colorado Sustainable Living Drink American Buffet Aurora Magazine The Lifestyle magazine for the greater Aurora region Home Features Check Please About Us Email Newsletters Daily Headlines Prep Sports FindIt! Classified Marketplace Contact Us Newsroom Services Advertising Services Subscriber Services Make a Payment Advertising Payment Subscription Payment Call 303.750.7555 Aurora Media Group Print, Digital & Direct Marketing Solutions for Metro Aurora Colorado including Aurora Sentinel, Aurora Magazine, Buckley Guardian. Learn more © 2017 Aurora Sentinel. All rights reserved.
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds of jobs this month - WSJ By Reuters Published: 14:41 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 14:41 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail Jan 10 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc plans to cut hundreds of jobs before the end of January, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the situation. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer plans to eliminate jobs at its headquarters and regional personnel that support stores, according to the report. http://on.wsj.com/2jroYGF Many of the eliminations will affect Wal-Mart's human resources department, a large team that some senior executives believe should be more efficient or whose duties could be handled by outside consultants, the newspaper reported. Other departments could be affected as well, the report said. "While we continually look at our corporate structure, we have not made any announcements," Wal-Mart spokesman Randy Hargrove said in an email. The company said in September it would cut about 7,000 back-office jobs, mostly in accounting and invoicing positions at its U.S. stores, as part of a program it announced in June. The job cuts followed the company's plans to invest $2.7 billion in programs that involve training its workforce and a series of wage hikes that took the minimum hourly pay for store workers to $10, part of efforts to improve service at stores and boost sales. The company has also been investing to increase e-commerce sales and improve stores. These measures helped the company report strong online sales growth and a smaller-than-expected decline in earnings for the third quarter despite comparable store sales coming in below estimates. Wal-Mart's shares were down marginally at $68.48 in afternoon trading. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru: Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Maju Samuel) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds of jobs by January end- WSJ By Reuters Published: 13:32 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 13:32 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail Jan 10 (Reuters) - Wal-Mart Stores Inc plans to cut hundreds of jobs before the end of January, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the situation. The retailer plans to eliminate jobs at its headquarters and regional personnel that support stores, according to the report. http://on.wsj.com/2jroYGF Many of the eliminations will affect Wal-Mart's human resources department, a large team that some senior executives believe should be more efficient or whose duties could be handled by outside consultants, the newspaper said. Other departments could be affected as well. The company said in September it will cut about 7,000 back-office jobs, mostly in accounting and invoicing positions at its U.S. stores, as part of a program it announced in June. Wal-Mart was not immediately available for comment. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru: Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
syracuse.com Menu Home News Weather Crime & Safety Syracuse University News Obituaries Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Living Photos Videos Real Estate Classifieds Find&Save Local Businesses Place an Ad Site Index Feedback Membership Follow Us Classifieds Back to Main Menu News Home Local News New York State U.S. & World Politics & Elections Business Auto News CNY Schools & Colleges Syracuse University News CNY Traffic Data & Statistics Health & Science Lottery Obits Back to Main Menu City of Syracuse North Suburbs & Oswego County East Suburbs & Madison County West Suburbs & Cayuga County Syracuse University News Back to Main Menu Politics & Elections Home Local & New York State Back to Main Menu Business Home Store Front Destiny USA News Destiny USA Shopping Company News Back to Main Menu Schools & Colleges Home CNY Proms CNY Graduations Back to Main Menu Health Home Science & Technology Hydrofracking Environmental Onondaga Lake Cleanup Back to Main Menu Weather Home School & Event Closures Back to Main Menu Crime News Police Blotter Reported Crimes Back to Main Menu Syracuse & CNY Obits Upstate NY Obits 2016 Celebrity Obits 2016 Sports Obits Back to Main Menu Sports Home Orange Basketball Orange Football Orange Lacrosse Orange Women Sports Orange Sports Buffalo Bills College Sports High School Sports Minor League Sports Bud Poliquin Brent Axe CNY Road Races CNY Outdoors NY Sports CNY & Pro Golf Motorsports TV Schedule Back to Main Menu Syracuse Chiefs Syracuse Crunch Syracuse Silver Knights Back to Main Menu High School Home Boys Basketball Girls Basketball Boys Hockey Wrestling Boys Swimming Girls Volleyball Boys Volleyball Boys Bowling Girls Bowling Girls Ice Hockey Boys Winter Track Girls Winter Track Girls Gymnastics Competitive Cheer Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Football Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Baseball Softball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Field Hockey Girls Swimming Girls Tennis Boys Tennis Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Gymnastics Boys Rowing Girls Rowing Girls Skiing Boys Skiing Back to Main Menu Entertainment Home CNY Restaurants Movies News CNY Events Calendar Destiny USA Events CNY Music Scene CNY Arts & Theater CNY Festivals CNY Tickets on Sale Television News New York State Fair Celebrity News Back to Main Menu CNY Restaurants Home Drinks & Bars Best Restaurants Destiny USA Restaurants Back to Main Menu Opinion Home Editorial Board Your Opinions Columnists InterFaith Works Opinions Back to Main Menu Editorial Board Opinions Editorial Board Standards Back to Main Menu Bud Poliquin Back to Main Menu Living Home Homes Food Restaurants Cooking Drinks & Bars CNY Vintage Empire Magazine Tourism & Travel CNY Pets CNY Proms CNY Graduations CNY Celebration Announcements Comics Puzzles & Games Back to Main Menu Home & Real Estate News Homes for Sale Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Back to Main Menu Photos Home Photo Essays Buy Photo Reprints Your Photos Back to Main Menu Videos Home News Videos Orange Football Videos Orange Basketball Videos High School Sports Videos Living Videos Back to Main Menu Real Estate Home Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Home & Real Estate News Resources Back to Main Menu Real Estate Transactions Onondaga County Home Sales Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages & Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Jobs Real Estate For Rent Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Visit our Facebook Page Follow us on Twitter Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Visit us on Google Plus Back to Main Menu Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search syracuse.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to syracuse.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Classifieds Classifieds Home Autos Obituaries Jobs Real Estate Rentals Garage Sales U.S. and World News Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers as manhunt continues Posted on January 10, 2017 at 1:32 PM Orlando police officer shot and killed; deputy dies in crash during manunt for suspect Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search in Orlando, Florida on Monday during a manhunt for a suspect in a police killing. (Stephen M. Dowell | Orlando Sentinel via Tribune News Service) The Associated Press ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Law enforcement officers in Orlando were engaged in a massive manhunt early Tuesday for a man accused of fatally shooting a police officer who approached him outside a Wal-Mart. The manhunt itself has led to the death of a sheriff's deputy in a traffic accident and the injury of another officer. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, was killed outside the Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando early Monday, and Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis was killed more than two hours later in a crash while responding to a manhunt for Markeith Loyd, 41. The deaths left Orlando's law enforcement community in mourning. Clayton's patrol SUV was displayed in front of police headquarters Tuesday. The department also started an online fund to raise money for her family. In the Wal-Mart parking lot Tuesday morning, shoppers laid more than two dozen bouquets of flowers, teddy bears and candles in a makeshift memorial. Some shoppers, like Hal Shore, stopped to say a prayer or take a photo. "It's important that the country is aware that there is a war against police officers," said Shore, a cabinet maker. An apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt Monday afternoon didn't appear to have any police searches going on Tuesday morning, but Orlando Police Chief John Mina said hundreds of officers and deputies were still searching for Loyd and teams of detectives were following every lead. "We will not stop until we find him," Mina said in a video on the agency's official Twitter page. "We are doing everything in our power to find him and capture him and put him behind bars." Authorities said Loyd previously was a suspect in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. A massive manhunt involving hundreds of officers was conducted all day Monday as they searched for Loyd in dozens of homes, displacing some residents of a northwest Orlando apartment complex and tying up traffic. "He should be considered armed and dangerous," Police Chief John Mina said. Later in the day, the chief said, "It doesn't matter where he is. We will track him down to the ends of the Earth." Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said deputies had been searching unsuccessfully for Loyd for several weeks since the fatal shooting of his ex-girlfriend and believe he was receiving help from someone. Mina lauded Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the force, as a committed officer and a hero who gave her life to the community she loves. The Orlando Police Department said in a tweet that Clayton always had a smile and a high five for every child she came across. Clayton had grown up in the Orlando area and was active in programs that mentored young people. "She was always the first to step up and help kids," Mina said. Clayton was a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and she previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. "She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community," Rolon said. She was married and had a college-age son. Police released a video of Clayton's body being taken out of the hospital to a waiting van in a flag-covered stretcher. A line of officers saluted as the stretcher was wheeled out. The apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt and shooting in northwest Orlando was nowhere near Orlando's tourism corridor in the southern part of the metro area. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared a day of mourning in the city. While at the Wal-Mart on Monday morning, Clayton was tipped off by someone that Loyd was in the area. When she approached him, he fired multiple shots at Clayton, who returned fire but didn't hit him. She was wearing body armor, but was hit multiple times. Sheriff's officials said a deputy spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle. The suspect pulled into a nearby apartment complex and then fired at a deputy, striking the deputy's SUV twice. The deputy wasn't harmed, the sheriff's office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle, drove away and then abandoned the vehicle not far away, according to the sheriff's office. The Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy was killed more than two hours after the shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Demings described the 35-year-old Lewis as "a gentle giant," and the sheriff's office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. About Us Advertise with us Jobs at Syracuse Media Group Contact Us Photo and Page Reprints Newspaper Archives Frequently Asked Questions Subscriptions The Post-Standard ePost-Standard Email Newsletters syracuse.com Sections News Weather Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Living Opinion Obituaries Jobs Autos Real Estate Rentals Classifieds Shopping Good Deals Local Businesses Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on syracuse.com Videos Photos Sitemap & search Sponsor Content Post a job Post a free classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2017 Syracuse Media Group. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Syracuse Media Group. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Orlando: Manhunt for suspected cop killer expands; reward now $100,000 - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Prep Champs Get Apps Text Alerts Inauguration Viewing Schedule NFL PlayOff Schedule LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV Football CNN Video Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World Inauguration Viewing Schedule The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs NFL PlayOff Schedule Text Alerts Football Pro Football Challenge Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Orlando: Manhunt for suspected cop killer expands; reward now $100,000 Posted: Tuesday, January 10, 2017 4:32 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 10, 2017 4:32 PM EST An Orlando police officer was killed Monday, January 9, 2017 and a manhunt is under way for the gunman who shot her, the Orlando Police Department said. An Orlando police officer Master Sargent Debra Clayton was killed Monday, January 9, 2017 and a manhunt is under way for the gunman who shot her, the Orlando Police Department said. An Orlando police officer Master Sargent Debra Clayton was killed Monday, January 9, 2017 and a manhunt is under way for the gunman who shot her, the Orlando Police Department said. A $60-thousand-dollar reward is being offered for information for Markeith Loyd, the suspected shooter in the death of the Orlando Police Department officer Master Sargent Debra Clayton on Monday, January 9, 2017, according to a tweet from the Orlando... A $60-thousand-dollar reward is being offered for information for Markeith Loyd, the suspected shooter in the death of the Orlando Police Department officer Master Sargent Debra Clayton on Monday, January 9, 2017, according to a tweet from the Orlando... By Holly Yan and Nick Valencia CNN ORLANDO (CNN) -- The massive search for a man suspected of killing his pregnant girlfriend and gunning down an Orlando police officer has expanded beyond Florida, police said Tuesday. Markeith Loyd has been on the run since Monday morning when police say he killed Master Sgt. Debra Clayton as she tried to confront the murder suspect outside a Walmart. The manhunt for Loyd has already led to several injuries and the death of Orange County Sheriff's Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis, who died in a motorcycle crash while searching for him. As hundreds of law enforcement officers scramble to find a man called "armed and extremely dangerous," here are the latest developments: Reward raised to $100,000 Authorities increased the reward for information leading to Loyd's arrest to $100,000, Orlando police Chief John Mina said Tuesday. "The Orlando Police Department, the Orange County Sheriff's Office, the FBI, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, homeland security, the U.S. marshals -- everyone is working to capture him," he said earlier. "We believe that people who know where he is will want that money," he said. Suspect said he wanted to be on 'America's Most Wanted' Two weeks before Loyd was accused of killing his pregnant girlfriend, Sade Dixon, he posted a message on Facebook: "Goals!!!! To be on Americas most wanted". On Monday morning, Clayton received word that Loyd was near a local Walmart. She tried to confront him. "As soon as she said, 'Stop,' he basically opened fire on her," Mina said. A witness outside the Walmart described a similar scene. "I was walking down the sidewalk, right past the officer, and I heard her tell him to stop, or whatever, and he shot her," witness James Herman told CNN affiliate WFTV-TV in Orlando. "He shot her down." Fund established for officer's family Clayton was the mother of a college-age son, and Orlando police said many people have been asking how they can help. Already, however, some people have tried to profit from the officer's death. "Unfortunately, after tragic events like this, there are evil people out there who are looking to take advantage of our community, and there have already been two fake GoFundMe accounts," Mina said. He urged anyone wanting to donate to visit the verified GoFundMe page for Clayton's family. Clayton was a first responder to Pulse massacre Clayton's death was the latest blow for the Orlando Police Department, which is still reeling from the June massacre at the Pulse nightclub that left 49 people dead. "Unfortunately we still have officers that are struggling with the Pulse tragedy," the police chief said. "It's been a tough seven or eight months for us." Clayton responded moments after the mass shooting at the club, police spokeswoman Michelle Guido said. "Like many of other officers here, she was a first responder that had to go to Pulse in the early morning hours to assist," Mina said. The pursuit After the shooting, Loyd fled in a car and fired shots at another officer, police said. That officer was not seriously injured. The suspect then abandoned the first vehicle and carjacked another one. He ditched that second vehicle shortly afterward and ran into an apartment complex, Mina said. It's unclear where he is now. But a "be on the lookout" alert has been sent nationwide, which is standard procedure with Florida murder suspects, said Guido, the police spokeswoman. "I believe there have been people out there helping him all along," Mina said. "If we find out about those people, we will criminally charge them." He said Loyd would be charged with first-degree murder of a law enforcement officer and attempted murder of the officer at whom he fired. Colleagues mourn deaths of longtime officers Two departments must now hunt for the suspect while grieving the deaths of their colleagues. Clayton, the Orlando police master sergeant, was married and the mother of a college-age son. "I've known Debra for 17 years. She was extremely committed to our youth and the community," the police chief said. "She did so many different projects in the community. She organized several marches against violence by herself." Lewis, the sheriff's deputy killed in the crash, was also known as "Big Norm," friends said. "'Big Norm' was known as much for his infectious ear-to-ear smile as he was his 6-foot-3, nearly 300-pound towering frame," Orlando attorney Brian Sandor said. "His smile and laugh took over any room he was in." Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said his department is grappling with the loss. But "while we're processing our own emotional feelings," he said, "we still have a job to do." Attorney general nominee refers to Orlando During his confirmation hearing Tuesday on Capitol Hill, the US attorney general nominee, Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama, spoke about the dual tragedies that happened on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day. "Sadly, on that day, we lost two of our brave officers," Sessions said. He said Clayton and Lewis "dedicated their lives to keeping their communities safe, and we should remember their service and keep them and their families in our prayers." CNN's Nick Valencia reported from Orlando, and CNN's Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta. CNN's Madison Park, AnneClaire Stapleton, Robert Ray, Ralph Ellis and Kate Conerly contributed to this report. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
The all new CBS News App for Android® for iPad® for iPhone® Fully redesigned. Featuring CBSN, 24/7 live news. Get the App ╳ CBS News CBS Evening News CBS This Morning 48 Hours 60 Minutes Sunday Morning Face The Nation CBSN GO Log In Log In Join CBSNews.com Sign in with         Crimesider/ MISSING MANHUNT COLD CASES PHOTOS 48 HOURS By Crimesider Staff CBS News January 10, 2017, 1:00 PM Florida woman accused of getting drunk at Walmart, grabbing EMT's groin Shellby Conder CBS affiliate WKMG Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email LADY LAKE, Fla. — Police say a woman drank five beers in a Walmart aisle before assaulting an EMT while she was in handcuffs, reports CBS affiliate WKMG. According to an arrest report, Shellby Conder, 18, allegedly told the Walmart’s manager that she drank five cans of beer from the beer aisle and was drunk. She also asked for a ride home, according to the report. Deputies arrived and Conder allegedly resisted, kicking one as she was being handcuffed. Paramedics were then called to evaluate her, and police say Conder grabbed one’s groin. According to the report, while Conder was in the patrol vehicle, she told deputies, “I’m sorry to who I hit.” Conder is being held on $15,500 bond and is charged with battery on a officer, larceny petit theft and resisting officer with violence.   © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All Rights Reserved. Comment Share Tweet Stumble Email Featured in Crimesider Scathing DOJ report finds Chicago police use excessive force The investigation was launched in 2015 after the release of dashcam video showing an officer shoot a black teenager, Laquan McDonald, 16 times Police: Woman kidnapped as newborn 18 years ago is alive Kamiyah Mobley was kidnapped by a woman posing as a nurse at the Florida hospital where she was born in 1998, officials say Popular Follow Us icon icon Read Story 911 call in case of girl found dead in family restaurant Previous Next Read Story Report: Charges dropped in teen's alleged "free" milk theft Read Story Harrowing moments after cop shot in Oklahoma caught on audio, video Previous Next Read Story Feds won't charge deputy who tossed student in classroom Previous Next Read Story Arrest after woman's body found concealed in home Previous Next Read Story Man who killed 3 at party: "Satan was in control" Previous Next CBSNews.com Site Map Help Contact Us CBS Bios Careers CBSi Careers Internships Development Programs CBS Interactive Privacy Policy Ad Choice Terms of Use Mobile User Agreement About CBS Advertise Closed Captioning CBS News Store Follow Us Facebook Twitter RSS Email Newsletters YouTube CBS Radio News CBS Local CBS News Copyright © 2017 CBS Interactive Inc. All rights reserved. Search
Log In Advanced Articles Ads Businesses Events Videos Search  NEWCOMERS   RVL MAGAZINE   MEDICAL DIRECTORY   SUBSCRIBE   ADVERTISE   NEWS ALERTS   DINING GUIDE   JOBS  Home News Sports RVL Opinion Blogs Events/Photos Archive My Content Classifieds Biz Directory Local Obituaries State Crime Education Community Faith Politics/Government Nation World Business Online Features Youth High school College Professional Outdoors Features Announcements Lunch Menus Forms Editorials Columnists Letters to the Editor Submit a letter Sean Ingram David Meadows News briefs Photos Community calendar Post your event My content My profiles My events My blogs My buddies Browse classifieds Submit a classified Restaurants Shopping Sports and recreation Hotels/Lodging Health Real estate Other January 15, 2017 Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers by By MIKE SCHNEIDER, Associated Press Associated Press 11:30 AM, Tuesday, January 10 2017 | 595 views | 0  | 17   |  |  Orange County sheriff deputies salute as the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in the line of duty in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) slideshow ORLANDO, Fla.— Law enforcement officers in Orlando were engaged in a massive manhunt early Tuesday for a man accused of fatally shooting a police officer who approached him outside a Wal-Mart. The manhunt itself has led to the death of a sheriff's deputy in a traffic accident and the injury of another officer. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, was killed outside the Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando early Monday, and Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis was killed more than two hours later in a crash while responding to a manhunt for Markeith Loyd, 41. Another Orlando police officer was involved in a crash while responding to the shooting but had only minor injuries. The deaths left Orlando's law enforcement community in mourning. Clayton's patrol SUV was displayed in front of Orlando Police headquarters Tuesday morning. The police department also started an online fund to raise money for her family. In the Wal-Mart parking lot Tuesday morning, shoppers laid more than two dozen bouquets of flowers, teddy bears and candles in a makeshift memorial. Some shoppers, like Hal Shore, stopped to say a prayer or take a photo. "It's important that the country is aware that there is a war against police officers," said Shore, a cabinet maker. Authorities said Loyd previously was a suspect in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. A massive manhunt involving hundreds of officers was conducted all day Monday as they searched for Loyd in dozens of homes, displacing some residents of a northwest Orlando apartment complex and tying up traffic. "He should be considered armed and dangerous," Police Chief John Mina said. Later in the day, the chief said, "It doesn't matter where he is. We will track him down to the ends of the Earth." Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said deputies had been searching unsuccessfully for Loyd for several weeks since the fatal shooting of his ex-girlfriend and believe he was receiving help from someone. Mina lauded Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the force, as a committed officer and a hero who gave her life to the community she loves. The Orlando Police Department said in a tweet that Clayton always had a smile and a high five for every child she came across. Clayton had grown up in the Orlando area and was active in programs that mentored young people. "She was always the first to step up and help kids," Mina said. Clayton was a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and she previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. "She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community," Rolon said. She was married and had a college-age son. Police released a video of Clayton's body being taken out of the hospital to a waiting van in a flag-covered stretcher. A line of officers saluted as the stretcher was wheeled out. The apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt and shooting in northwest Orlando was nowhere near Orlando's tourism corridor in the southern part of the metro area. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared a day of mourning in the city. While at the Wal-Mart on Monday morning, Clayton was tipped off by someone that Loyd was in the area. When she approached him, he fired multiple shots at Clayton, who returned fire but didn't hit him. She was wearing body armor, but was hit multiple times. Sheriff's officials said a deputy spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle. The suspect pulled into a nearby apartment complex and then fired at a deputy, striking the deputy's SUV twice. The deputy wasn't harmed, the sheriff's office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle, drove away and then abandoned the vehicle not far away, according to the sheriff's office. The Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy was killed more than two hours after the shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Demings described the 35-year-old Lewis as "a gentle giant," and the sheriff's office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share This Article | Comments (0) Post a Comment No Comments Yet Contact Us | About Us | Newsstands | Subscriptions | Advertising | Support Software powered by Sole Solution. Content © 2017 Russellville Newspapers Inc. The Courier - Your Messenger for the River Valley in Russellville, AR. MEMBER OF THE ASSOCIATED PRESS The Associated Press is entitled exclusively to the use of or republication of all the local news printed in this newspaper as well as AP news dispatches.
OregonLive.com Menu Home News by Topic News by Location Sports High School Sports Entertainment/Lifestyle Eat, Drink, Cook Opinion Real Estate Obituaries Jobs Autos Classifieds Connect With Us Extras Subscribe Back to Main Menu Crime Trending Politics Watchdog Education Environment Health Business Video Photos Marijuana Diversity Traffic Interactive Maps & Charts Columnists/Voice Back to Main Menu Politics Home My Government Back to Main Menu Education Home My Schools Back to Main Menu Business News Home Real Estate News It's Only Money Oregon & the Economy Playbooks & Profits Silicon Forest Window Shop Business Public Blog Back to Main Menu Steve Duin Samantha Swindler Tom Hallman Jr. Mark Katches John Canzano Kristi Turnquist Grant Butler Jessica Greif Teresa Mahoney Dave Killen Back to Main Menu Portland Pacific Northwest Multnomah County Washington County Clackamas County Clark County Oregon U.S./World Back to Main Menu Oregon Sports John Canzano Ducks Beavers Blazers Pilots Thorns Timbers Vikings NFL NBA MLB Recruiting News Sports on TV More Sports Back to Main Menu NCAA Pac-12 Hops Track & Field Winterhawks Back to Main Menu Boys Girls Off Season Sports Back to Main Menu Basketball Swimming Wrestling Back to Main Menu Basketball Swimming Dance and Drill Back to Main Menu Football Baseball Softball Volleyball Boys Soccer Girls Soccer Boys Track and Field Girls Track and Field Boys Cross Country Girls Cross Country Boys Golf Girls Golf Boys Lacrosse Girls Lacrosse Back to Main Menu TV Movies Music Best of Living Homes & Gardens Travel & Outdoors Arts & Performance Books Pets Vintage Oregon Events Advice Puzzles & Games Comics Back to Main Menu Cheap Eats Dining Out Portland's Best Restaurants Recipes Cooking Beer Bars Wine Back to Main Menu The Stump Editorials Letters to the Editor My Oregon OpEd Elizabeth Hovde David Sarasohn Back to Main Menu Homes for Sale New Homes For Rent Foreclosures Commercial Resources Back to Main Menu Home Buying Sell My Home Rental Living Home Ideas Mortgages and Loans I'm Moving Back to Main Menu Twitter Facebook Instagram Pinterest Our Staff Oregonian Plus Members Buy an ad Back to Main Menu Find & Save Local Businesses Living Plus Travel Plus Back to Main Menu The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps Back to Main Menu Close Customize Your Weather Set Your Location: Congratulations! Your weather is set to . You can change the location at any time. AccuWeather.com Quick Look Change your current location » View Full Weather Report Search Search Search OregonLive.com Account Sign In Close Sign in to OregonLive.com You are signed in as Edit Public Profile Sign Out Subscribe The Oregonian Digital Edition Manage your subscription Email newsletters Mobile apps comments Man with machete arrested after crime spree, Woodburn police say Print Email Tony Hernandez | The Oregonian/OregonLive By Tony Hernandez | The Oregonian/OregonLive The Oregonian Follow on Twitter on January 10, 2017 at 9:45 AM, updated January 10, 2017 at 10:17 AM comments A man injured three strangers with a machete after a Monday night crime spree that included a stolen car, a robbery and a threat to kill a Walmart greeter, Woodburn police said. Alan BrockWoodburn Police Department  Police responded around 10 p.m. to the Walmart in Woodburn on reports that a man was breaking glass cabinets and taking ammunition, police said in a news release. Witnesses told officers that the man, later identified as Alan Lee Brock, had run around the store with a machete and threatened a door greeter, said city spokesman Jason Horton. Officers found Brock inside a parked car at the front of the store's north entrance, but he drove away, Horton said. The car initially headed toward the officers standing near their cars before it jumped an embankment onto a nearby street. Officers later learned the car was stolen from Springfield, Horton said. Shortly after, 911 dispatchers began receiving calls about a man with a machete at the Cascade View Apartments, less than a mile away. Horton said Brock assaulted and robbed a woman for her purse and keys. "He then broke down a door to an apartment and slashed three men with the machete," Horton said. "He slashed one across the throat, one on the head and one on the arm." The three men were rushed to the hospital, Horton said. They're expected to survive, he said. The attack appear to be random, he said. Brock was later found on a stairwell, where he surrendered without incident. Horton said he didn't know the suspect's age or his hometown. Brock was booked into a Marion County Jail on accusations of attempted murder, with more charges pending. This post will be updated as news develops. -- Tony Hernandez thernandez@oregonian.com 503-294-5928 @tonyhreports Most Read Active Discussions AM News Snapshot The day's important news, including local and national headlines, delivered every morning. Leave this field blank    optional Check here if you do not want to receive additional email offers and information. See our privacy policy Thank you for subscribing! To view and subscribe to any of our other newsletters, please click here. About Us About OregonLive.com Our Journalists Contact the newsroom Join our team Frequently Asked Questions Subscriber Services Advertise with us Subscribe Today The Oregonian Email Newsletters Already a Subscriber Manage your Subscription Delivery Feedback Place a vacation hold Make a payment OregonLive.com Sections News Business Sports High School Sports Entertainment Opinion Obituaries Videos Weather Sitemap & search Your Regional News Pages Clackamas County Gresham Portland Washington County Mobile iPhone, Android apps | Tablet Apps More on OregonLive.com Classifieds Jobs Autos Rentals Real Estate Post a job Post a classified ad Sell your car Sell/rent your home Sponsor Content Local Deals Follow Us Twitter | Facebook | Google+ | Pinterest | Instagram | Tumblr Registration on or use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy © 2016 Oregon Live LLC. All rights reserved (About Us). The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Oregon Live LLC. Community Rules apply to all content you upload or otherwise submit to this site. Ad Choices
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us WEATHER ALERT Winter Weather Advisory Full Story NEWS Orlando officers search for deadly police shooting suspect Email share share tweet email You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7chicago.com/video/embed/?pid=1695698" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> Law enforcement officers in Orlando were engaged in a massive manhunt early Tuesday for a man accused of fatally shooting a police officer who approached him outside a Wal-Mart. (WLS) AP Tuesday, January 10, 2017 12:23PM ORLANDO, Fla. -- Law enforcement officers in Orlando were engaged in a massive manhunt early Tuesday for a man accused of fatally shooting a police officer who approached him outside a Wal-Mart. The manhunt itself has led to the death of a sheriff's deputy in a traffic accident and the injury of another officer. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, was killed outside the Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando early Monday, and Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis was killed more than two hours later in a crash while responding to a manhunt for Markeith Loyd, 41. Another Orlando police officer was involved in a crash while responding to the shooting but had only minor injuries. The deaths left Orlando's law enforcement community in mourning. Clayton's patrol SUV was displayed in front of Orlando Police headquarters Tuesday morning. The police department also started an online fund to raise money for her family. In the Wal-Mart parking lot Tuesday morning, shoppers laid more than two dozen bouquets of flowers, teddy bears and candles in a makeshift memorial. Some shoppers, like Hal Shore, stopped to say a prayer or take a photo. "It's important that the country is aware that there is a war against police officers," said Shore, a cabinet maker. Authorities said Loyd previously was a suspect in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. A massive manhunt involving hundreds of officers was conducted all day Monday as they searched for Loyd in dozens of homes, displacing some residents of a northwest Orlando apartment complex and tying up traffic. "He should be considered armed and dangerous," Police Chief John Mina said. Later in the day, the chief said, "It doesn't matter where he is. We will track him down to the ends of the Earth." Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said deputies had been searching unsuccessfully for Loyd for several weeks since the fatal shooting of his ex-girlfriend and believe he was receiving help from someone. Mina lauded Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the force, as a committed officer and a hero who gave her life to the community she loves. The Orlando Police Department said in a tweet that Clayton always had a smile and a high five for every child she came across. Clayton had grown up in the Orlando area and was active in programs that mentored young people. "She was always the first to step up and help kids," Mina said. Clayton was a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and she previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. "She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community," Rolon said. She was married and had a college-age son. Police released a video of Clayton's body being taken out of the hospital to a waiting van in a flag-covered stretcher. A line of officers saluted as the stretcher was wheeled out. The apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt and shooting in northwest Orlando was nowhere near Orlando's tourism corridor in the southern part of the metro area. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared a day of mourning in the city. While at the Wal-Mart on Monday morning, Clayton was tipped off by someone that Loyd was in the area. When she approached him, he fired multiple shots at Clayton, who returned fire but didn't hit him. She was wearing body armor, but was hit multiple times. Sheriff's officials said a deputy spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle. The suspect pulled into a nearby apartment complex and then fired at a deputy, striking the deputy's SUV twice. The deputy wasn't harmed, the sheriff's office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle, drove away and then abandoned the vehicle not far away, according to the sheriff's office. The Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy was killed more than two hours after the shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Demings described the 35-year-old Lewis as "a gentle giant," and the sheriff's office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. Related Topics: newspolice officer killedmanhuntu.s. & worldFlorida Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Need a story investigated? Contact the ABC7 I-Team Trump Suggests CIA Director 'Leaker' Behind Unsubstantiated Report Young mother dies 7 months after being shot Memorial Day weekend Surveillance image released in fatal Englewood hit-and-run Chicago police officer charged with sexual assault of minor More News Top Stories Chicago police officer charged with sexual assault of minor Chicago Weather: Freezing rain could impact Monday morning commute Shooting suspect fatally shot by police in East Garfield Park Young mother dies 7 months after being shot Memorial Day weekend Woman, 11-year-old boy, injured in North Aurora drive-by shooting Trump Changes Plans on MLK Day Visit To African American History Museum Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Show More Illinois Senate vows swift action on ambitious budget plan Queen of 2017 Chicago St. Patrick's Day Parade crowned Facebook to begin warning users of fake news before German election Bishop Eddie Long dies at age 63 John Lewis books sell out on Amazon day after Trump's tweets More News Top Video John Lewis books sell out on Amazon day after Trump's tweets Newsviews: What are Donald Trump's priorities? Shooting suspect fatally shot by police in East Garfield Park Daily Herald: Cubs Convention and season outlook More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories Video Photos U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News Chicago & Suburban Cook Co.Northern SuburbsWestern SuburbsSouthern SuburbsNW Indiana Categories U.S. & World I-Team Politics Entertainment Consumer-Business ABC7 Sports ESPNChicago.com Hungry Hound Disability Issues Health Weather Sketchers Web Cameras Station Info About ABC7 Chicago ABC7 Newsteam Bios In The Community Useeit Pics & Video TV Listings ABC7 Jobs - Internships Shows ABC7 LIVE Newscasts Newsviews ABC7 Specials Windy City Live Live Well Network LAFF TV Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WLS-TV Chicago
Home News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Civic Affairs Weekly News Quiz Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests The Governor’s Ball Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Job Postings KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media 23° F Few Clouds Hi: 32° F Lo: 26° F 7 Day Forecast Weather Radar Satellite 3 Weather Alerts 8 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News News Links KOIN 6 Unsolved Photo Galleries Oregon Washington National International Editor’s Pick Sports High School Sports Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Civic Affairs Weekly News Quiz Featured: KOIN 6 Blitz Where We Live Latest Headlines AP PHOTOS: Editor selections from the past week in Asia Updated: 18 mins ago Former U.N. Secretary-General Ban Ki-moon said last week that he would announce soon whether he will run for South Korea’s presidency, as he… Man elected by Americans is president they’ll get Updated: 24 mins ago The immense responsibilities of the office and the daunting decisions that await Trump when he takes office Friday have not appeared to chan… Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Updated: 38 mins ago Trump: Brexit ‘a great thing,’ EU to continue to break apart Updated: 18 mins ago Forecast predicts sharp plunge in UK merger activity 4:36 pm Weather Weather Weather Forecast (Video) 7 Day Forecast Current Conditions Radar Interactive Satellite Webcams Wind Tracker Drought Monitor Closings Weather Alerts Weather Blog Pet Walk Forecast PDX Weather App Weather Photos Ski Conditions Current Conditions 23° F Few Clouds Feels Like: 13° F Wind: SE 9 Humidity: 72% Dewpoint: 15° F Sunrise: 7:47 AM Sunset: 4:53 PM Portland Weather Forecast Radar Satellite Currents 7 Day Sponsored by: Special Reports KOIN 6 Unsolved Report It Traffic KOIN Commute Interactive Traffic Map Portland Traffic Cams Vancouver Traffic Cams Watch KOIN 6 News Live Stream CBSN Live Watch CBS Shows KOIN TV Listings KOIN Video Extras Community Oregon Food Bank SOLVE Water…Do Your Part Dick Hannah’s Nice Challenge Wednesday’s Child Second Chance Pets Community Calendar Susan G. Komen More Contests The Governor’s Ball Game On! Contact Us KOIN 6 on Instagram About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team KOIN 6 Mobile KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts Job Postings KOIN 6 Internships KOIN Media Search for: Search the site 23° F Few Clouds Hi: 32° F Lo: 26° F Woodburn Police: Man with machete slashes 3 Allan Lee Brock was first found in a Walmart store with the machete KOIN 6 News Staff Published: January 10, 2017, 8:16 am Updated: January 10, 2017, 12:28 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Allan Lee Brock attacked people with a machete, January 9 2017. (Woodburn Police/Google Street View) PORTLAND, Ore. (KOIN) — A man was arrested on Monday evening in Woodburn for running around a Walmart store with a machete and then slashing three people with it. The machete used by Brock. (Woodburn Police) Woodburn public information officer Jason Horton says police began receiving calls about a man, later identified as Allen Lee Brock, acting erratically at the Shell gas station on N Arney Rd. “He left there before police even got to the Shell station, and then we started getting calls from Walmart,” Horton said. Woodburn Police say Brock traveled to the nearby Walmart store around 10 p.m., where he broke out glass cabinets to steal ammunition and a machete. He then allegedly swung the machete at a door greeter and said he was going to kill him. Police arrived on scene as Brock was fleeing in a car later found to be stolen out of Springfield. Authorities say Brock next went to the Cascade View Apartments on S. Evergreen Road. He tried to rob and assault a woman for her purse and keys. He then broke down a door to an apartment and slashed three men with the machete. One was slashed in the throat, one on the head and one on the arm. All three were taken to the hospital. Multiple police agencies responded to the apartment complex. “There were at least 15 police vehicles here,” said Cascade View resident Leah Hinkle. “Two policemen that came to our door had assault rifles, and then they said ‘Please shut your doors, lock them, and don’t let anyone else in your apartment.'” Brock was later located inside one of the apartment buildings, where he was arrested without incident. “The crime appears to be completely random,” said Horton. “The victims didn’t know him. He’s not from the area. He’s not known to Woodburn police.” Brock has been charged with three counts of attempted murder for repeatedly swinging the machete at the Walmart employee. Horton says multiple charges related to the other attacks will be brought against Brock when at his arraignment, which is scheduled for 3 p.m. Tuesday in Marion County Court. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Police: Man tried to kidnap boy at Bend Walmart Woman photographed in Walmart bathroom, voyeur caught Man accused of touching 9-year-old girl at Walmart Kids hurt after Hwy 99E crash caused by black ice Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending Stories on KOIN.com More Crime Stories Keizer mom charged with murder in death of preteen son Updated: 13 mins ago The mother of a 12-year-old boy has been charged with murder after authorities found the preteen boy’s body in a Keizer apartment. Older couple dies in murder-suicide in Turner January 14, 2017 An older couple was found dead inside their home in Turner early Saturday morning in what the Marion County Sheriff’s Office said is a murde… Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KOIN 6 © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections Headlines Investigations Local News National International Editor’s Pick Entertainment Photo Galleries Crime Game On News Links Hollywood Today Live Traffic Weather Weather Closings Weather Alerts 7 Day Forecast Radar Interactive Satellite PDX Weather App Station About KOIN 6 News KOIN 6 News Team Contact Us Job Postings KOIN 6 Text Alerts KOIN 6 News Email Alerts KOIN 6 Mobile Report It KOIN TV Listings Business KOIN Media FCC Public File EEO Report Terms of use Privacy Policy Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Contact Us! Go to our ReportIt form to send us your news tips, investigations and weather pictures. You can also ask us programming questions and provide feedback on our digital products. Thank you! Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery 35° F Overcast Hi: 37° F Lo: 33° F 13 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime Digital Download Education Entertainment Health News Hollywood Today Live Illinois Indiana Local On Your Side Photo Galleries Southern Indiana Strange US & World Latest Headlines Trump: Brexit ‘a great thing,’ EU to continue to break apart Updated: 12 mins ago NEW YORK (AP) — Wading into foreign affairs days before his inauguration, President-elect Donald Trump said Britain’s decision to leave the … Forecast predicts sharp plunge in UK merger activity 7:47 pm LONDON (AP) — Mergers and acquisitions in the U.K. are likely to drop sharply this year amid uncertainty over Britain’s relationship with th… Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world Updated: 12 mins ago Attorney General Lynch: ‘We have always pushed forward’ 7:07 pm Gambia president says country must wait for court decision Updated: 12 mins ago Weather Weather Closings and Delays Current Conditions Forecast Kevin’s Blog Radar Satellite SatRad Severe Weather Tower Cams Weather Pics Weather Alerts Weather App Current Conditions 35° F Overcast Feels Like: 35° F Wind: E 3 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 32° F Sunrise: 8:08 AM Sunset: 5:50 PM Terre Haute Weather Forecast Radar Tower Cam Satellite Sponsored by: Sports College College Football College Basketball High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State In The Paint In the Zone MLB NBA NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Wabash Valley Classic Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Golden Apple Healthy Living Hey Kevin! Indiana Bicentennial In the Spotlight Make a Difference Medical Minute Moore to the Story Off the Beaten Path Report It Report It Submission Report It Photos Report It Blog My Fox 10 Face of Fox Pros That Know Video News 10 Live Stream Live Video CBS News Live Stream Medical Minute Morning & Midday Interviews Eye on Terre Haute Pledge of Allegiance More About WTHI-TV Contact Us Contests Community Calendar News Team Job Watch 10 Email & Text Alerts Pet Saver Pump Watch Television Schedule Lottery Search for: Search the site 35° F Overcast Hi: 37° F Lo: 33° F Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community Heather Pelat Published: January 9, 2017, 2:14 pm Updated: January 10, 2017, 6:48 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) ORLANDO, Fla. (MEDIA GENERAL) — A police officer shot and killed Monday morning in Orlando was a married mother who died protecting the community she loved, according to the Orlando Police Department’s chief of police, John Mina. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton passed away about an hour after she was shot outside a Walmart in a northwest neighborhood of the city. Chief Mina said Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the force, was extremely committed to Orlando’s youth. She had a “smile and a high-five for every kid she came across,” a tweet by the department stated. They later posted a picture of a smiling Clayton standing with two young boys with the caption “THIS is how we know and remember Sergeant Debra Clayton.” THIS is how we know and remember Sergeant Debra Clayton. She always had a smile for kids and always took a moment to interact w/community. pic.twitter.com/8zL46iyUe6 — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 9, 2017 Chief Mina said Clayton also organized several marches against violence by herself. “Debra Clayon is a hero,” he declared. “She gave her life protecting the community that she loves. She will be deeply missed.” Master Sgt. Clayton was deeply committed to the community and to police work. pic.twitter.com/BBelv7Et1V — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 9, 2017 The suspect in the shooting has been identified as Markeith Loyd. At the time of Clayton’s murder, Loyd, 41, was a suspect in the December murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. A second law enforcement officer, a deputy with the Orange County Sheriff’s Office, also died Monday. Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, an 11-year veteran, was killed in a motorcycle crash while pursing Loyd. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared a day of mourning in the city, asking that the community stand united in support of officers’ families. On this sad day, I ask that our community stands united in support of the families of the fallen officer and deputy https://t.co/OF4rMnKOwZ — Mayor Buddy Dyer (@orlandomayor) January 9, 2017 Orlando police officer shooting View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Markeith Loyd, 41, is wanted for the shooting death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, left, was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Law enforcement officials stand near the entrance to a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) A law enforcement vehicle drives near a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say an officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, an 11-year-veteran, died in a motorcycle crash while pursing murder suspect Markeith Loyd on Jan. 9, 2017 (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer calls for an official day of mourning following the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings speaks to the media during a news conference announcing the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. One of his deputies was killed in a motorcycle crash while pursuing the suspect. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orlando police officer shooting x Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Markeith Loyd, 41, is wanted for the shooting death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, left, was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Law enforcement officials stand near the entrance to a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) A law enforcement vehicle drives near a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say an officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, an 11-year-veteran, died in a motorcycle crash while pursing murder suspect Markeith Loyd on Jan. 9, 2017 (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer calls for an official day of mourning following the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings speaks to the media during a news conference announcing the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. One of his deputies was killed in a motorcycle crash while pursuing the suspect. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.)                     Latest Galleries Police presence in Brazil Ollie & Viv’s Canine Campus Maryland Apartment Fire Fire at Rock Run Cafe and Bakery Farrington’s Grove revitalization Farrington’s Grove revitalization Hello Santa! Vincennes Drug Bust Dec. 13: Snow in the Wabash Valley Light Your Way Christmas Parade The Associated Press contributed to this story. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Related Posts Officer dies after shot in Orlando, Deputy dies in vehicle crash Slain Orlando officer responded to Pulse nightclub massacre 2016 in review: Tragic stories that made headlines Son of murdered police officer receives teddy bears made from dad’s uniform Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Photo Galleries Heroic actions help two escape Terre Haute apartment fire; victims listed in critical but stable condition Hello Santa! PHOTOS: Items confiscated by TSA Holiday shopping 2016: This year’s most dangerous toys Dec. 13: Snow in the Wabash Valley PHOTOS: Santa’s North Pole home valued at $656,957 Photos: Light Your Way Christmas Parade Go Orange to help support awareness for hunger problems Photos: Going Blue for Diabetes Photos: Celebrating Veterans Day 2016 Operation: Honor Flight, Part 1 Photos: Kevin’s No Shave November progress WTHI is taking part in No Shave November Haircuts with a purpose; support members in your community battling cancer Photos: Halloween costumes for 2016 Latest News State troopers create new trend Man arrested after lengthy police chase Waitress finds racist note on customer receipt ‘don’t tip black people’ Woman accused of swinging puppy by neck, posting video to Facebook Man’s 47-point buck takes another step toward being a world record ‘Employment contract’ at Florida restaurant going viral Hundreds gather to support Eldon Strong Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTHITV.com © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP News News Local Crime Education Health News Illinois Indiana Southern Indiana US & World On Your Side Photo Galleries Digital Download Only on WTHI First at Five Fork in the Road Fork Favorites Healthy Living Make a Difference Pet Saver Golden Apple Weather Forecast Radar Closings and Delays Weather Alerts Tower Cams Satellite Severe Weather Current Conditions Text Alerts Weather Pics Weather App More Community Calendar Pump Watch Television Schedule Contests Email Alerts Text Alerts Lottery Job Watch 10 Sports Sports College High School Indianapolis Motor Speedway Indiana State MLB NFL Off the Beaten Path Rick’s Rallies Station About WTHI-TV Advertise Contact WTHI-TV Email & Text Alerts Child Programming FCC Public File EEO Report Privacy Policy Terms of Service Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
News Sports Business Real Estate Sign In Subscribe Sign In Subscribe Home Customer Service Site Information Contact Us About Us Herald Store RSS Feeds Special Sections Advertise Advertise with Us Media Kit Mobile Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Social Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram YouTube Digital Edition News Sections News South Florida Miami-Dade Broward Florida Keys Florida Politics Weird News Weather National & World National World Americas Cuba Guantánamo Haiti Venezuela Local Issues Crime Education Environment Health Care In Depth Issues & Ideas Traffic Sports Sections Sports Blogs & Columnists Pro & College Miami Dolphins Miami Heat Miami Marlins Florida Panthers College Sports University of Miami Florida International University of Florida Florida State University More Sports High School Sports Auto Racing Fighting Golf Horse Racing Outdoors Soccer Tennis Youth Sports Other Sports Politics Politics Elections 2016 Business Sections Business Business Monday Banking International Business National Business Personal Finance Real Estate News Small Business Technology Tourism & Cruises Workplace Business Plan Challenge Blogs & Columnists Cindy Krischer Goodman The Starting Gate Work/Life Balancing Act Movers Living Sections Living Advice Fashion Food & Drink Health & Fitness Home & Garden Pets Recipes Travel Wine Blogs & Columnists Dave Barry Ana Veciana-Suarez Flashback Miami More Living LGBTQ South Florida Palette Magazine Indulge Magazine South Florida Album Broward Album Entertainment Sections Entertainment Books Comics Games & Puzzles Horoscopes Movies Music & Nightlife People Performing Arts Restaurants TV Visual Arts Blogs & Columnists Christine Dolen Jordan Levin Jose Lambiet Lesley Abravanel Rene Rodriguez More Entertainment Events Calendar Miami.com Contests & Promotions Opinion Sections All Opinion Editorials Op-Ed Editorial Cartoons Jim Morin Letters to the Editor From Our Inbox Speak Up Submit a Letter Meet the Editorial Board Blogs & Columnists Blog Directory Columnist Directory Andres Oppenheimer Carl Hiaasen Glenn Garvin Leonard Pitts Jr. Fred Grimm Fabiola Santiago Obituaries Obituaries Obituaries in the News Place an Obituary Classifieds Place an ad All Classifieds Announcements Apartments Auctions/Sales Automotive Commercial Real Estate Employment Garage Sales Legals Merchandise Obituaries Pets Public Notices Real Estate Services Public Notices Cars Jobs Moonlighting Real Estate Rentals Shopping el Nuevo Herald Miami.com National Playlist facebook twitter email Share More Videos 2:26 How do you prevent suicide? Photo responses urge supporting those who are struggling Pause 0:50 The last Cubans to cross freely into the U.S. 1:34 5 Cubans turn themselves in at U.S.-Mexico border 2:44 Building a house from scratch is not easy, even with love for DIY 1:52 'No specific credible threat' known ahead of inauguration 0:55 Cubans stuck on bridge to U.S. after 'wet foot, dry foot' policy ends 2:59 How coins are made 1:10 Former Secretary of Commerce supports U.S., Cuba normalization 0:48 Persons of interest in Arlington homicide on surveillance video 2:20 Zoo animals can't resist frolicking in the snow Share Video Video link: Select Embed code: Select facebook twitter email Coast guard rescues 4 off fishing boat 230 miles from Alaska Jan 10, 2017 In this video provided by a Coast Guard Air Station Sitka MH-60T Jayhawk crew, four crew members of the Lady Gudny are hoisted from the disabled fishing vessel adrift in the Bering Sea 230 miles east-southeast of Kodiak, Alaska, Jan. 6, 2017. The Lady Gudny experienced fuel problems and exhausted its supply of fuel filters Jan. 5. Petty Officer 1st Class William Colclough / U.S. Coast Guard District 17 More Videos 1:01 Coast guard rescues 4 off fishing boat 230 miles from Alaska 2:51 Naked woman steals sheriff deputy's truck, leads police on 70-mile chase 0:37 Customer finds swastikas on the soles of his shoes 2:59 How coins are made 0:28 Sticking it to the DMV, with 5 wheelbarrows of pennies 0:18 Teen hit by cab after driver suffers heart attack 2:20 Zoo animals can't resist frolicking in the snow 1:28 Surveillance video capture thieves who entered through dog door 3:32 Volkswagen to pay largest penalty ever given to automaker by U.S. government 0:22 Thief steals python from pet shop by shoving it down his pants 0:25 Giant sequoia famous for 'drive-thru' hole in trunk topples in California storm 0:51 Car dealership receives unexpected visitor when deer jumps through window More Videos National Teen hit by cab after driver suffers heart attack Police say a 13-year-old girl was injured after a man suffered a medical emergency and became unconscious behind the wheel of his car, speeding into her while she stood on a Brooklyn, N.Y. sidewalk. The schoolgirl amazingly survived this impact suffering only a fractured leg. National Zoo animals can't resist frolicking in the snow Polar bear Nora, Samudra the Asian elephant, harbor seals and sea otters romp around in the snow at the Oregon Zoo in Portland. The zoo was closed after a winter storm dropped more than a foot of snow on the region. National Surveillance video capture thieves who entered through dog door Surveillance footage has captured the moment two brazen thieves broke into a Peoria, Arizona home using the doggie door after luring the family's pet away with treats. National Volkswagen to pay largest penalty ever given to automaker by U.S. government Volkswagen pleaded guilty to three felonies and will pay $4.3 billion in a deal reached with the U.S. government following emissions cheating and a scheme to cover it up. Six high-level VW employees were also indicted on charges including conspiracy to defraud, wire fraud and violation of the Clean Air Act. The company will now receive three years probation with an independent monitor overseeing their compliance and control measures. National Giant sequoia famous for 'drive-thru' hole in trunk topples in California storm Fans across the nation are mourning the toppling of the Pioneer Cabin tree, a sequoia famous for a "drive-thru" hole carved into its trunk. The largest tree species in the world, sequoias can reach diameters up to 27 feet and have shallow root systems that make them vulnerable to toppling. This tree had a diameter of 22 feet and was about 2,000 years old, said Tony Tealdi, a supervising ranger at California State Parks. National Car dealership receives unexpected visitor when deer jumps through window Nalley Lexus in Roswell, Georgia, had an unexpected visitor this week when a deer jumped through an open window and proceeded to run through the showroom. National Coast guard rescues 4 off fishing boat 230 miles from Alaska In this video provided by a Coast Guard Air Station Sitka MH-60T Jayhawk crew, four crew members of the Lady Gudny are hoisted from the disabled fishing vessel adrift in the Bering Sea 230 miles east-southeast of Kodiak, Alaska, Jan. 6, 2017. The Lady Gudny experienced fuel problems and exhausted its supply of fuel filters Jan. 5. National Idaho barn collapses under heavy snow The pole barn on the ranch in Horseshoe Bend where LaDonna Vinson rents a house was creaking and popping. She captured the structure's collapse under 18 inches of snow on video Sunday, Jan. 8. National Baby Elephant Stella born at Disney’s Animal Kingdom A baby animal has made a big debut at Disney's Animal Kingdom. The elephant calf was born to 28-year-old Donna and has been spending time frolicking in the savanna at Kilimanjaro Safaris and hanging out with her siblings. Say hello to Stella the elephant! National Inmates hospitalized after brawl at maximum security jail Surveillance video shows a fight at a Chicago jail where 5 inmates were stabbed and taken to the hospital. Nation & World Videos Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service Subscriptions Digital Subscriptions Digital Edition Home Delivery Vacation Hold Report a Delivery Error Miami Herald Rewards Site Information Customer Service About Us Contact Us NewsMedia in Education Public Insight Network Reader Panel Social, Mobile & More Facebook Twitter Google+ Mobile Apps & eReaders Mobile Alerts Newsletters Advertising Place a Classified Media Kit Commercial Printing Public Notices Shopping More Copyright Commenting Policy Privacy Policy Terms of Service
null
Find Rates Calculators Home Rates Calculators   Mortgages Mortgage Rates Compare Mortgage Rates Mortgage Calculator Mortgage News Veteran Homebuyer Central Mortgage Lender Reviews Home Equity Loans Reverse Mortgage Loans Calculators The Home Hacker Refinance Refinance Channel Refinance Rates Refinance Calculator Refinance Mortgage Auto Loan Refinance Bank Rates CD Rates Savings & Money Market Checking Current Rates Savings Calculator Bank Ratings Calculators Power Up! Blog Credit Cards 0% APR Balance Transfer Travel & Airline Cash Back Rewards Business Fair Credit Bad Credit Best Credit Cards Game of Loans Blog Personal Loans Get Matched - LoanMatch™ Personal Loan Calculator Debt Consolidation Loans Home Improvement Loans Bad Credit Personal Loans Auto Auto Center Auto Loans Personal Loans Auto Loan Calculator Calculators Retirement Retirement Home Senior Living Retirement Calculators Investments Brokerage Accounts CD Rates Investment Calculators One to a Million Blog Financial Planning Election 2016 The Cashlorette Blog Identity Protection Mastering your Money Debt Management Student Loans Tips from Jean Chatzky Calculators Certified Financial Planner Mobile Finance   advertisement Saving Money Blog Finance Blogs » Saving Money Blog » Black Friday Ads 2016: The best deals from Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Target Black Friday Ads 2016: The best deals from Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Target By Mitch Strohm · Bankrate.com Tuesday, November 22, 2016 Posted: 11 am ET Tweet Email Tweet Email Tom Pennington/Getty Images Black Friday is only a few days away. And several stores are offering great deals on tech, kitchen and household items. Target, Best Buy and Wal-Mart have especially attractive Black Friday ads this year. Those stores are advertising deep discounts on items including TVs, vacuums and even coffeemakers. RATE SEARCH: Get more out of your shopping with a rewards credit card. Below you'll find some standout deals that have been already been announced in Black Friday ads: Wal-Mart Wal-Mart's Black Friday deals officially begin in-store at 6 p.m. Nov. 24 (they are available all day Nov. 24 online) and continue through Nov. 25. Here are some of Wal-Mart's top Black Friday deals: $298 Phillips 55-inch Smart 4K TV $648 Samsung 60-inch Smart 4K TV $199 Apple iPad Mini 2 32GB $69 Fitbit Flex 2 $99 Nintendo 3DS $249 Xbox One S White 500GB Battlefield Bundle $9.76 Crock-Pot 5-QT. Slow Cooker $99 Actic King Chest Freezer $169 Serta Massage Recliner $196 Dyson V6 Slim Cordless Vacuum RATE SEARCH: Shop for the best credit cards from our partners. Best Buy Best Buy plans to open doors at its stores at 5 p.m. local time on Thanksgiving Day. Nearly all of them will remain open until 1 a.m. local time on Friday, Nov. 25. They'll reopen at 8 a.m. Nov 25 and close at 10 p.m. Here are some of Best Buy's top Black Friday deals: $199.99 Toshiba 49-inch 4K Ultra HD TV $39.99 Bose SoundSport In-Ear Headphones $89.99 Powerbeats Wireless Headphones $479.99 Samsung 55-inch LED 4K Ultra HD Smart TV $199.99 Samsung 4K UHD Blu-ray Player with a $10 Best Buy Gift Card $49.99 Homido V2 Virtual Reality Headset $249 (PlayStation 4 Uncharted Bundle with two free games $299.99 Dyson V6 Animal Cord-Free Stick Vacuum $124.99 Ring Smart HD Video Doorbell $199.99 KitchenAid Professional 5 Plus Series Stand Mixer Target Target is starting Black Friday with a presale on Wednesday, Nov. 23 — you can shop all day at Target.com, or you can shop in-store with Target's free savings program app, Cartwheel. Target's Black Friday deals are available all of Thanksgiving Day at Target.com and at Target stores starting at 6 p.m. The deals continue through Nov. 25 until 10 p.m., 11 p.m. or midnight, depending on the store. Here are some of Target's standout Black Friday deals: $249.99 50-inch Hisense 4K UHD TV $198 Apple Watch Series 1 $89.99 Powerbeats 2 Wireless Earphones $89.95 Fitbit Charge HR $249.99 (regularly $299.99) Xbox One S Console 500GB Battlefield 1 or Minecraft Bundle — comes with a $40 Target Gift Card $29.99 (regularly $59.99) select video games $99 (regularly $149) Anova Sous Vide Bluetooth Precision Cooker $199.99 (regularly $349.99) Hoover Quest 700 Robotic Vacuum $299.99 (regularly $499.99) Dyson V6 Animal Cordless Stick Vacuum $129.99 (regularly $259.99) Motorola Digital Video Baby Monitor Keep in mind that Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Target all have different rules for Black Friday. Best Buy, for instance, hands out tickets to purchase items in its Black Friday ad. It pays to know each store's individual rules before you brave the crowds. And remember, many stores are conveniently offering Black Friday deals online, some of which are available now. RATE SEARCH: Find a low-rate credit card. Related posts: Best Target Black Friday Deals 2016 Target Black Friday 2016: How to get the best deals Best Buy Black Friday 2016: How to get the best deals Target Black Friday deals for tech Best Buy Black Friday Deals 2016 « Target Black Friday 2016: How to get the best deals Black Friday ads 2016: Best tech deals at Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Target » Bankrate wants to hear from you and encourages comments. We ask that you stay on topic, respect other people's opinions, and avoid profanity, offensive statements, and illegal content. Please keep in mind that we reserve the right to (but are not obligated to) edit or delete your comments. Please avoid posting private or confidential information, and also keep in mind that anything you post may be disclosed, published, transmitted or reused. By submitting a post, you agree to be bound by Bankrate's terms of use. Please refer to Bankrate's privacy policy for more information regarding Bankrate's privacy practices. 6 Comments Hazel January 14, 2017 at 12:12 pm cheap nfl jerzeys from china fre shipping chneap arsenal soccer jerseys Kermit January 12, 2017 at 5:59 pm At this time I am going to do my breakfast, when having my breakfast coming again to read other news.wholesale nhl jerseys Milla January 12, 2017 at 5:01 am Good article! We are linking to this particularly great post on our website. Keep up the good writing.cheap nba jerseys Noreen January 10, 2017 at 10:55 am This blog was... how do you say it? Relevant!! Finally I've found something that helped me. Thanks!wholesale nfl jerseys Starla December 30, 2016 at 6:49 am wholesale jerseys 2015 cheap mitchell аnd ness jerseys Add a comment (Comments may take 5-10 minutes to appear) Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) E-mail (required) Compare Rates» Mortgage Rates 30 year fixed 15 year fixed 5/1 ARM 7/1 ARM 30 year Jumbo 5/1 ARM (IO) 30 year FHA 30 year fixed refi 15 year fixed refi See all Mortgages High Yield CD and MMA Rates 6 month CD 1 year CD 2 year CD 3 year CD 1 year Jumbo CD 3 year jumbo CD 5 year IRA CD MMAs See all CDs See all MMAs Other Rates Home Equity Credit Cards Auto Insurance Local CDs Checking College Finance Personal Loans Credit Unions Local MMAs Latest Blogs SAVING MONEY Is your Macy's, Sears or Kmart closing? SAVING MONEY It's Free Shipping Day! Here's what to know SAVING MONEY Black Friday ads 2016: Best tech deals at Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Target SAVING MONEY Black Friday Ads 2016: The best deals from Wal-Mart, Best Buy and Target advertisement Today's Top Stories   Anticipating a tax refund? You can e-file today 5 tips to stay safe in bad weather 5 familiar American brands that are fading Mortgage rates fall, and there's more to cheer about Survey: Most Americans lack savings to cover emergencies advertisement About this index Overnight Averages Mortgage Home Equity Auto CDs Credit Cards View rates in your area: View rates in your area: View rates in your area: Compare rates: -- select -- 6 Mo CD 1 Yr CD 5 Yr CD 1 Yr Jumbo CD MMA MMA Jumbo 3 Mo CD Compare rates: -- select -- Card type Credit type Issuers   Bankrate's FREE Content Center Mortgage Calculator Calculate your monthly mortgage payment. CD Rate Averages Compare rates daily across CD & Investment products. Refinance Stories Displays refinance-related stories and articles.   advertisement Connect with us             About us Advertise with Bankrate Partners Press Room Investor Relations Free Content Center Contact Us Sitemap Newsletters Understanding Bankrate's rate averages © 2017 Bankrate, LLC All Rights Reserved. Privacy Policy/Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported publisher and comparison service. Bankrate may be compensated in exchange for featured placement of certain sponsored products and services, or your clicking on certain links posted on this website.
Log in Register Sitemap Subscribe Weather E-edition Classifieds Customer Service The Spokesman-Review News Sports A&E Opinion Obits Classifieds Menu  Subscribe Sitemap Log in Register E-Edition Customer Service Obituaries News Local Regional Idaho Nation/World Voices Business Health Elections Weather Sports High School Sports Outdoors Gonzaga Basketball EWU Eagles Football EWU Eagles Basketball Gonzaga Women WSU Cougars Football WSU Cougars Basketball Idaho Vandals Spokane Indians Spokane Chiefs Spokane Empire A&E Arts & Entertainment Food Health Boomer U Entertainment Calendar Movies Food & Dining On Tap beer blog Entertainment blog Contests Coupons Cultural Events Visual Arts Family & Kids Opinion Opinion Letters Archives Today's News Archives Multimedia Data Projects Blogs Photos Reader Photos Picture Stories Video Local area guides Classifieds Homes/Rentals Jobs Autos Obituaries Public Records Weddings/Engagements Birth Announcements Birthday/Anniversary Form Announcements Inserts Wash. Idaho Business Health Nation/World Elections Photos Nation/World Massive manhunt underway as Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers TUESDAY, JAN. 10, 2017, 7:47 A.M. Orange County sheriff deputies salute as the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in the line of duty in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Joe Burbank / AP) By Mike Schneider Associated Press Twitter Facebook  Email  Reddit  SMS ORLANDO, Fla. – Law enforcement officers in Orlando were engaged in a massive manhunt early Tuesday for a man accused of fatally shooting a police officer who approached him outside a Wal-Mart. The manhunt itself has led to the death of a sheriff’s deputy in a traffic accident and the injury of another officer. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, was killed outside the Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando early Monday, and Orange County Sheriff’s Office Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis was killed more than two hours later in a crash while responding to a manhunt for Markeith Loyd, 41. Another Orlando police officer was involved in a crash while responding to the shooting but had only minor injuries. The deaths left Orlando’s law enforcement community in mourning. Clayton’s patrol SUV was displayed in front of Orlando police headquarters Tuesday morning. The police department also started an online fund to raise money for her family. Authorities said Loyd previously was a suspect in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. A massive manhunt involving hundreds of officers was conducted all day Monday as they searched for Loyd in dozens of homes, displacing some residents of a northwest Orlando apartment complex and tying up traffic. “He should be considered armed and dangerous,” Police Chief John Mina said. Later in the day, the chief said, “It doesn’t matter where he is. We will track him down to the ends of the Earth.” Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said deputies had been searching unsuccessfully for Loyd for several weeks since the fatal shooting of his ex-girlfriend and believe he was receiving help from someone. Mina lauded Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the force, as a committed officer and a hero who gave her life to the community she loves. The Orlando Police Department said in a tweet that Clayton always had a smile and a high five for every child she came across. Clayton had grown up in the Orlando area and was active in programs that mentored young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” Mina said. Clayton was a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and she previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. “She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,” Rolon said. She was married and had a college-age son. Police released a video of Clayton’s body being taken out of the hospital to a waiting van in a flag-covered stretcher. A line of officers saluted as the stretcher was wheeled out. The apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt and shooting in northwest Orlando was nowhere near Orlando’s tourism corridor in the southern part of the metro area. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared a day of mourning in the city. While at the Wal-Mart on Monday morning, Clayton was tipped off by someone that Loyd was in the area. When she approached him, he fired multiple shots at Clayton, who was wearing body armor, Mina said. Clayton returned fire but didn’t hit him, he said. Sheriff’s officials said a deputy spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle. The suspect pulled into a nearby apartment complex and then fired at a deputy, striking the deputy’s SUV twice. The deputy wasn’t harmed, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle, drove away and then abandoned the vehicle not far away, according to the sheriff’s office. The Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputy was killed more than two hours after the shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Demings described the 35-year-old Lewis as “a gentle giant,” and the sheriff’s office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. Published: Jan. 10, 2017, 7:47 a.m.  Tags: Orlando, police shooting ​ Follow the Spokesman wherever you are: Facebook Twitter Newsletter Subscribe Print edition home delivery Newspaper Routes Available Help Customer Service Sitemap Directory Subscriber Services Classifieds Classifieds Advertising Obituaries More Staff Cowles Jobs Archives/Research Buy photo reprints Jumble Crossword Horoscopes Contact Us Downtown Spokane 999 W Riverside Ave Spokane, Wa 99201 Mailing Address P.O. Box 2160 Spokane, WA 99210 Main switchboard: (509) 459-5000 Customer service: (509) 747-4422 Newsroom: (509) 459-5400 (800) 789-0029 © Copyright 2017, The Spokesman-Review Community Guidelines Terms of Service Privacy Policy Copyright Policy Back to Spokesman Mobile
Skip to main content Home Subscription Obits Jobs Homes Buy & Sell E-Edition Spotted Weather Circulars TV listings MENU Search form SearchSearch Login / Register Home E-Edition Obituaries News News All headlines Jail bookings Local State government Crime & Courts Good News Business Education Local Government Elections 2016 Calendar of Events Weather Featured Oxfam says 8 men are as rich as half the world Business Watch: In the weeds with Westar Sports Sports All headlines HawkZone CatZone PrepZone KC Chiefs Royals WashburnZone Outdoors Bowling PuckZone Rec Calendar Featured Josh Jackson’s motor ‘legendary,’ Oklahoma State coach Brad Underwood says Justin Thomas maintains big lead at Sony Open; Gary Woodland slips to third Lifestyle Life At Home Food & Drink Religion Arts & Entertainment Connected Celebrations Place an Announcement Northeast Kansas Weddings TV Listings Sudoku Crossword Featured Eagles at Lake Shawnee have raised hatchlings and rebuilt nest, all while providing aerial inspiration Jamie Kidd for At Home: Research shows gardening benefits health Opinion Opinion All headlines Blogs Featured Editorial: 500-member rally a good example for governor, lawmakers Elizabeth Dwoskin: More of your devices will try to do your thinking for you Connect With Us Newspapers in Education Email alerts Text alerts Apps C-J staff tweets C-J Instagram C-J Pinterest C-J Facebook Photo & Video Local Video National Video C-J YouTube Slideshows Spotted Jobs Topeka Jobs Post a Job Post a resume Contact Us Homes Buy & Sell Classifieds Home Garage Sales Residences for Rent Estate Tag/Flea Markets Properties Apartments, unfurnished Automobiles Items for Sale Legals C-J Deals Circulars Data Databases Home 2016 Retirement Facilities Daily Record Marriage Licenses Divorces Court Dispositions Court Filings Find Cheap Gas Special Topics Best of Topeka Downtown Topeka Retirement Twist of Fate Volunteer Topeka Top 100 Athletes Crossroads of Freedom Subscriptions Subscribe Subscriber Services Payments Delivery Problems Vacation Hold Rewards Local Store Sales Autos Help Contact Us C-J Staff Media Kit Newsletter - Select -At Home LivingCJ Media Monthly MinuteCJDealsCJOnline Breaking NewsCJOnline Evening HeadlinesCJOnline Morning HeadlinesCJOnline Sports HeadlinesContests & Special Promotionsjobs.cjonline.com Subscribe Posted January 10, 2017 05:06 am - Updated January 10, 2017 05:04 pm By Phil Anderson phil.anderson@cjonline.com TPD investigating after shoplifting suspects flash gun at Topeka Walmart employee Incident occurred late Monday at Walmart on S.W. 37th Police are looking for these two men related to crimes committed Monday night at the south-side Walmart. (TPD) Topeka police were searching for a pair of men who flashed a gun during a shoplifting late Monday at Walmart, 1301 S.W. 37th. (Phil Anderson/The Capital-Journal) Topeka police were investigating a theft and aggravated assault late Monday at a south Topeka Walmart. The incident occurred about 11:30 p.m. at the Walmart Supercenter, 1321 S.W. 37th. Police Lt. Jennifer Cross said a store employee approached two men suspected of involvement in a shoplifting incident who were seen wandering through the store. When they were approached, one of the men flashed a gun at the employee. The pair then made off with a dog kennel as they fled. Police responded to the scene but weren’t able to apprehend the two men. Cross said police hoped to review surveillance footage Tuesday in an attempt to identify the men. Anyone with information may call police detectives at (785) 368-9400 or Crime Stoppers at (785) 234-0007. Advertisement Most Popular News Sun, 01/15/2017 - 18:35 Topeka avoids brunt of weekend ice storm News Sun, 01/15/2017 - 20:33 Fire Saturday night in 2000 block of S.W. Wayne Ave. intentionally set, TFD says News Sun, 01/15/2017 - 15:55 Topeka may need to win over opponents of abandoned property bill to avoid Brownback veto News Sun, 01/15/2017 - 16:06 Federal lawsuit filed in death of Topeka man in Leavenworth prison custody   View all Local Store Sales » Advertisement More Sun, 01/15/2017 - 18:31 Improvements made to VA’s troubled crisis call line Sun, 01/15/2017 - 16:25 Trauma-informed care, teaching becoming more prevalent in Kansas Sun, 01/15/2017 - 16:32 Company seeks to establish halfway house at different Topeka site Sun, 01/15/2017 - 16:06 Federal lawsuit filed in death of Topeka man in Leavenworth prison custody Load more   Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright Notice Contact Us The Topeka Capital-Journal © 2017. All Rights Reserved. X
Breaking News U.S.+ Crime + JusticeEnergy + EnvironmentExtreme WeatherSpace + Science U.S.WorldPoliticsMoneyOpinionHealthEntertainmentTechStyleTravelSportsVideoLive TV Search » U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm U.S. Edition+ U.S. International Arabic Español Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV • Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. International Español Arabic Set edition preference:U.S.InternationalConfirm FacebookTwitterInstagram Orlando: Manhunt for suspected cop killer expands; reward now $100,000 By Holly Yan and Nick Valencia, CNN Updated 3:59 PM ET, Tue January 10, 2017 Chat with us in Facebook Messenger. Find out what's happening in the world as it unfolds. JUST WATCHED Orlando police urge suspect to turn himself in Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Orlando police urge suspect to turn himself in 01:14 Story highlights The reward for information leading to Markeith Loyd's arrest increases to $100,000 Suspect had posted on Facebook he hoped to be on "America's Most Wanted" Orlando (CNN)The massive search for a man suspected of killing his pregnant girlfriend and gunning down an Orlando police officer has expanded beyond Florida, police said Tuesday. Markeith Loyd has been on the run since Monday morning when police say he killed Master Sgt. Debra Clayton as she tried to confront the murder suspect outside a Walmart. The manhunt for Loyd has already led to several injuries and the death of Orange County Sheriff's Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis, who died in a motorcycle crash while searching for him. As hundreds of law enforcement officers scramble to find a man called "armed and extremely dangerous," here are the latest developments: Reward raised to $100,000 Read More Authorities increased the reward for information leading to Loyd's arrest to $100,000, Orlando police Chief John Mina said Tuesday. "The Orlando Police Department, the Orange County Sheriff's Office, the FBI, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, homeland security, the U.S. marshals -- everyone is working to capture him," he said earlier. Since yesterday @CrimelineFL has received more than 300 tips on Markeith Loyd. There has never been a reward this large. $100K pic.twitter.com/Q0T1zhvxiW— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 10, 2017 "We believe that people who know where he is will want that money," he said. Suspect said he wanted to be on 'America's Most Wanted' Two weeks before Loyd was accused of killing his pregnant girlfriend, Sade Dixon, he posted a message on Facebook: "Goals!!!! To be on Americas most wanted". On Monday morning, Clayton received word that Loyd was near a local Walmart. She tried to confront him. "As soon as she said, 'Stop,' he basically opened fire on her," Mina said. A witness outside the Walmart described a similar scene. "I was walking down the sidewalk, right past the officer, and I heard her tell him to stop, or whatever, and he shot her," witness James Herman told CNN affiliate WFTV-TV in Orlando. "He shot her down." Fund established for officer's family Clayton was the mother of a college-age son, and Orlando police said many people have been asking how they can help. Already, however, some people have tried to profit from the officer's death. "Unfortunately, after tragic events like this, there are evil people out there who are looking to take advantage of our community, and there have already been two fake GoFundMe accounts," Mina said. He urged anyone wanting to donate to visit the verified GoFundMe page for Clayton's family. Many have asked how they can help. There's a fund for Master Sgt. Clayton's family. This is the ONLY official fund. https://t.co/QfjYmY3nrg pic.twitter.com/ih2RQxurhI— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 10, 2017 Clayton was a first responder to Pulse massacre Orlando tragedy: Two officers remembered Clayton's death was the latest blow for the Orlando Police Department, which is still reeling from the June massacre at the Pulse nightclub that left 49 people dead. "Unfortunately we still have officers that are struggling with the Pulse tragedy," the police chief said. "It's been a tough seven or eight months for us." Clayton responded moments after the mass shooting at the club, police spokeswoman Michelle Guido said. "Like many of other officers here, she was a first responder that had to go to Pulse in the early morning hours to assist," Mina said. The pursuit Suspect Markeith Loyd After the shooting, Loyd fled in a car and fired shots at another officer, police said. That officer was not seriously injured. The suspect then abandoned the first vehicle and carjacked another one. He ditched that second vehicle shortly afterward and ran into an apartment complex, Mina said. It's unclear where he is now. But a "be on the lookout" alert has been sent nationwide, which is standard procedure with Florida murder suspects, said Guido, the police spokeswoman. "I believe there have been people out there helping him all along," Mina said. "If we find out about those people, we will criminally charge them." He said Loyd would be charged with first-degree murder of a law enforcement officer and attempted murder of the officer at whom he fired. Colleagues mourn deaths of longtime officers THIS is how we know and remember Sergeant Debra Clayton. She always had a smile for kids and always took a moment to interact w/community. pic.twitter.com/8zL46iyUe6— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 9, 2017 Two departments must now hunt for the suspect while grieving the deaths of their colleagues. Clayton, the Orlando police master sergeant, was married and the mother of a college-age son. The Orlando Police Department family is heartbroken today. One of our own was taken in the line of duty. There are no words. pic.twitter.com/M48o1nnr4h— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 9, 2017 "I've known Debra for 17 years. She was extremely committed to our youth and the community," the police chief said. "She did so many different projects in the community. She organized several marches against violence by herself." Lewis, the sheriff's deputy killed in the crash, was also known as "Big Norm," friends said. "'Big Norm' was known as much for his infectious ear-to-ear smile as he was his 6-foot-3, nearly 300-pound towering frame," Orlando attorney Brian Sandor said. "His smile and laugh took over any room he was in." That million dollar smile. The consummate professional. That's how we will remember our gentle giant DFC Norm Lewis. RIP. #BigNorm pic.twitter.com/I6BbSSCLeW— OCSO FL News (@OrangeCoSheriff) January 9, 2017 Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said his department is grappling with the loss. But "while we're processing our own emotional feelings," he said, "we still have a job to do." Attorney general nominee refers to Orlando JUST WATCHED Cops' families: We worry every day Replay More Videos ... MUST WATCH Cops' families: We worry every day 01:28 During his confirmation hearing Tuesday on Capitol Hill, the US attorney general nominee, Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama, spoke about the dual tragedies that happened on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day. "Sadly, on that day, we lost two of our brave officers," Sessions said. He said Clayton and Lewis "dedicated their lives to keeping their communities safe, and we should remember their service and keep them and their families in our prayers." CNN's Nick Valencia reported from Orlando, and CNN's Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta. CNN's Madison Park, AnneClaire Stapleton, Robert Ray, Ralph Ellis and Kate Conerly contributed to this report. Content by LendingTree Rates now at 3.2% APR (15 Yr Fixed). Do you qualify? Fastest way to pay off $10,000 in credit card debt Not enough homeowners claim these amazing federal incentives The amazing VA benefits not enough vets are claiming People are stockpiling miles with this insane credit card Paid Partner Content 10 mind-blowing credit cards charging 0% interest until 2018 NextAdvisor 11 stocks to buy before Trump takes office The Motley Fool Transferring your balance to an 18-month 0% APR is ingenious NextAdvisor Manhattan real estate for sale Trulia Top 7 cards for excellent credit NextAdvisor Home U.S. Crime + Justice Energy + Environment Extreme Weather Space + Science World Africa Americas Asia Europe Middle East 2016 Election Washington Nation World Markets Tech Media Personal Finance Luxury Opinion Political Op-Eds Social Commentary Health Diet + Fitness Living Well Parenting + Family Entertainment Celebrity Watch TV + Web Movies + Music Business Culture Gadgets Future Startups Fashion Design Architecture Arts Autos Luxury Travel Best of Travel Sleeps + Eats Business Travel Aviation + Beyond Pro Football College Football Basketball Baseball Soccer Living Food Relationships Religion Video Live TV Digital Studios CNN Films HLN TV Schedule TV Shows A-Z More… Photos Longform Investigations iReport CNN profiles CNN Leadership CNN Newsletters U.S. Edition Set edition preference: U.S. International Confirm U.S. International Arabic Español © 2017 Cable News Network. Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All Rights Reserved. CNN Sans ™ & © 2016 Cable News Network. Terms of Use Privacy Policy AdChoices Advertise with us About us Visit CNN Newsletters Work for us Help Transcripts License Footage CNN Newsource
Skip to navigation Skip to content Skip to sidebar News World More ‘He shot her down’: Two cops dead in hunt for Florida man suspected of killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend Avi Selk and Mark Berman, Washington Post  01.10.2017 A photo of Debra Clayton posted to the online fundraising site GoFundMe This undated booking photo courtesy of the Orlando Police Department shows shooting suspect Markeith Loyd In this image made from video and released by the Orlando Police Department, officers salute Master Sgt. Debra Clayton Monday, Jan. 9, 2017 ShareAdjustCommentPrint Schools were locked down, roads closed and two law enforcement officers died near Orlando, Florida, Monday, as a month-long hunt for a murder suspect closed in and turned violent. Accused of killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend last month, Markeith D. Loyd shot Sgt. Debra Clayton multiple times when she confronted him outside a Walmart near the Pine Hills area, police said. That wasn’t the end of the violence: A sheriff’s deputy was struck and killed by a sport-utility vehicle while responding to the shooting, and another deputy took fire while trying to stop Loyd’s presumed getaway vehicle. It is with heavy hearts we announce the death of beloved Deputy First Class Norman Lewis. The 11-year-veteran died in a crash today. #RIP pic.twitter.com/LX5zN7JzLx — OCSO FL News (@OrangeCoSheriff) January 9, 2017 Hours later-as hundreds of local, state and federal officers scoured streets and apartment blocks-Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings looked into a bank of TV cameras and urged Loyd to turn himself in. “Otherwise this is going to be a very, very risky operation for all of us,” he said. The mayhem began early in the morning – apparently when a 17-year police veteran went shopping at a Walmart in the Pine Hills area. A witness told ABC affiliate WFTV that Clayton, a married mother of two, was putting her bags in her trunk when a customer walked up and told her a wanted man was inside the store. Police had been looking for Loyd since Dec. 13, the day he allegedly shot and killed his pregnant ex-girlfriend and wounded her brother, according to the Orlando Sentinel. He was considered armed and dangerous, even then. Clayton turned back toward the Walmart just as the suspect walked out, James Herman told WFTV. “I heard her tell him: Stop,” Herman said. “He shot her down and he took off running.” The suspect fired backward as he ran, the witness said. Clayton was shot twice in the chest and once in the abdomen, WFTV reported. Her heart stopped in the ambulance on the way to the hospital. Paramedics briefly revived her, but a flag-covered gurney was later wheeled out of a hospital as police officers lined up to salute it. “Oh God!!!” Orlando commissioner Regina Hill wrote on Facebook. “Please pray for my OPD Liaison. She’s been shot down in Pinehills.” In the early scramble for the suspect, an Orange County sheriff’s deputy on a motorcycle was struck by a vehicle. “He squeezed my hand. His arm was going cold,” a witness who tried to save the deputy told WFTV. “I thought he was going to make it.” The deputy died of his injuries. His name was being withheld until his family is notified. Another deputy spotted a speeding vehicle that matched the description of Loyd’s, and made a U-turn to pursue it, Sheriff Jerry Demings said at a news conference. The driver opened fire, the sheriff said, hitting the deputy’s vehicle but not harming him. According to WFTV, Loyd allegedly carjacked a vehicle and escaped again. Large swaths of the Pine Hills area were cordoned off as officers hunted for Loyd. After several hours, the Orlando Sentinel reported that SWAT police had surrounded an apartment and were calling Loyd out – rifles ready and helicopters circling. “He will be brought to justice,” Orlando Police Chief John Mina told reporters at the news conference. “I can assure the community of that.” A hero remembered never dies. M/Sgt. Debra Clayton always had time to mentor our youth. pic.twitter.com/Vv6SEva31J — Chief John Mina (@ChiefJohnMina) January 10, 2017 But more hours passed with no sign of Loyd, as the searchers roved across the city. A reward for his capture was increased to US$60,000, and authorities warned that anyone helping him hide would be prosecuted. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared an official day of mourning. Florida Gov. Rick Scott prayed. City officials and law enforcement officers wept openly in front of TV cameras. Clayton was one of the first officers who responded to the Pulse nightclub shooting in June, arriving minutes after 911 calls came in about shots fired, according to police records. The Orlando officer appears to be the first law enforcement official fatally shot this year. Her death comes after a year that saw a surge in the number of law enforcement officers killed in the line of duty, a toll pushed upward by an increase in deadly shootings and ambush attacks. Master Sgt. Clayton's patrol vehicle, and a wreath, outside OPD HQ. pic.twitter.com/TucGBeCYbG — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 10, 2017 These shootings included high-profile attacks in Dallas and Baton Rouge that left a combined eight officers dead, ambushes that rattled law enforcement officers nationwide at a time of tension between police and the communities they serve. Although statistics show a steep drop in the number of line-of-duty deaths since the 1970s, officers and others in law enforcement have said in recent years that they are increasingly on edge amid protests against how police use deadly force and concerned about the public perception of police. Others have expressed concern about antigovernment attackers targeting law enforcement officers and the number of guns available on the streets. Last year, 65 police officers were killed in shootings, up from 41 the year before, according to the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund, a nonprofit group that monitors line-of-duty deaths. Gunfire was the common factor in nearly half of the 136 law enforcement deaths in 2016, according to the National Law Enforcement Memorial Fund, the highest percentage in more than two decades. Before 2016, it was more common in recent years for officers to die in traffic accidents than shootings. Ambushes were behind an unusually high share of these deaths, with nearly 1 in 3 officers fatally shot in such an attack. The surge in officers killed by gunfire last year was the largest on record, up 56 per cent over the previous year, according to data from the memorial fund. Comments We encourage all readers to share their views on our articles and blog posts. We are committed to maintaining a lively but civil forum for discussion, so we ask you to avoid personal attacks, and please keep your comments relevant and respectful. If you encounter a comment that is abusive, click the "X" in the upper right corner of the comment box to report spam or abuse. We are using Facebook commenting. Visit our FAQ page for more information. x Share ‘He shot her down’: Two cops dead in hunt for Florida man suspected of killing his pregnant ex-girlfriend Email Twitter Facebook Pinterest Google Linkedin Video Today's World News Best of Postmedia Feds urged to pay for Centre Block 'trompe l'oeil' facade to hide 10-year renoNext year was always going to be a challenge for Ottawa tourism, given the hangover from the splashy events happening throughout 2017 for Canada’s 150th birthday. But 2018 comes with its own massive problem: One of the city’s prime attractions, Parliament Hill’s Centre Block, will start renovations that will take at least 10 years, and probably more like 15. […] Science of winter: You can't beet sugary brown goo for snowy roadsThis winter, the Citizen’s Tom Spears looks at what makes our coldest season tick. It’s a series we call The Science of Winter, and today we hear from an expert what to do with a truckload of waste beet juice on a snowy day, in case you have one and were wondering. Each year, the salt […] Telly With Melly: What’s streaming online this weekHere’s a rundown of new shows online this week (Jan. 11-17). A Series of Unfortunate Events Netflix is hoping A Series of Unfortunate Events turns into a series of fortunate success. The online streaming company is rebooting for screen the […] Columnists Daphne Bramham: Pipeline protest inevitable, but how big will it get?There will be protests and civil disobedience now that Premier Christy Clark has cleared the way for... Pete McMartin: How to explain Trump? It's all about the (New) EconomyTwo months before Donald Trump's election as president, SFU political science Prof. Anil Hira wrote ... Vaughn Palmer: Donald Trump's tariffs on wood could hurt some B.C. communitiesThe B.C. Liberals are increasingly concerned that the rising threat of lumber tariffs in the United ... Sign Up / Sign In With your existing account from: {* loginWidget *} or with your account: {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Forgot your password? Sign In Create Account {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to your account Welcome Back, {* welcomeName *}! {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} Not {* welcomeName *}? Switch Account is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Deactivated Your account has been deactivated. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Reactivation Failed Sorry, we could not verify that email address. is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Account Activated Your account has been reactivated. Sign in is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verification Required You must verify your email address before signing in. Check your email for your verification email, or enter your email address in the form below to resend the email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Almost Done! Please confirm your details below. Already have an account? Sign In. {* #registrationForm *} {* firstName *} {* lastName *} {* emailAddress *} {* displayName *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} Postmedia wants to improve your reading experience as well as share the best deals and promotions from our advertisers with you. The information below will be used to optimize the content and make ads across the network more relevant to you. You can always change the information you share with us by editing your profile. Birthdate{* birthdate *} Gender{* gender *} Attention Print Newspaper Subscribers For verification of Print Subscriber offers (e.g. epaper, Digital Access, Subscriber Rewards), please input your Print Newspaper subscription phone number and postal code. {* phone *} {* addressPostalCode *} By clicking "Create Account", I hearby grant permission to Postmedia to use my account information to create my account. I also accept and agree to be bound by Postmedia's Terms and Conditions with respect to my use of the Site and I have read and understand Postmedia's Privacy Statement. I consent to the collection, use, maintenance, and disclosure of my information in accordance with the Postmedia's Privacy Policy. {* backButton *} {* /registrationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verfiy your email We have sent you a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your inbox and follow the instructions to confirm your email. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password Follow these simple steps to create a new password: 1. Enter your email address below 2. Wait for the instructions to arrive in your inbox 3. Follow the instructions to update your password {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy {* mergeAccounts {"custom": true} *} Merge Your Accounts {| rendered_current_photo |} {| current_displayName |} {| current_emailAddress |} {| foundExistingAccountText |} {| current_emailAddress |}. {| moreInfoHoverText |} {| existing_displayName |} - {| existing_provider |} : {| existing_siteName |} {| existing_createdDate |} {| moreInfoText |} {| existing_displayName |} {| existing_provider_emailAddress |} Created {| existing_createdDate |} at {| existing_siteName |} {| connectLegacyRadioText |} {| createRadioText |} {| current_provider |} Validating {| connect_button |} {| create_button |} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Sign in to complete account merge {* #signInForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* currentPassword *} {* backButton *} Sign In {* /signInForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Resend Verification Email Sorry, we could not verify your email address. Please enter your email below, and we'll resend the instructions for email verification. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Verification Email Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Email Verified Thank you for verifiying your email address. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Change Password {* #changePasswordFormNoAuth *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* /changePasswordFormNoAuth *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Password Changed Your password has been successfully updated. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Please enter your email below, and we'll send you a new code to reset your password. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* signInEmailAddress *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy Create New Password We've sent you an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close is a division of Postmedia inc. Privacy
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 134 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Orlando police raise reward for suspect wanted in officer's death Second officer killed in wake of manhunt after police shooting is identified. Post to Facebook Orlando police raise reward for suspect wanted in officer's death Second officer killed in wake of manhunt after police shooting is identified.  Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jq2Z2T {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 18 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Orlando police raise reward for suspect wanted in officer's death USA Today Network J.D. Gallop, Florida Today Published 8:13 a.m. ET Jan. 10, 2017 | Updated 2:58 p.m. ET Jan. 10, 2017 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share A manhunt is on in Orlando for Markeith Lloyd after one officer is shot and another is killed in a motorcycle crash while chasing the suspect. Elizabeth Keatinge (@ekeatinge) has more. Buzz60 The Orlando Police Department issued a wanted poster for Markeith Loyd, 41, on Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. Loyd is wanted in connection with the murders of his pregnant ex-girlfriend and Orlando Master Sgt. Debra Clayton. (Photo: Orlando Police Department) MELBOURNE, Fla. — Authorities raised the reward for the whereabouts of a man accused of fatally shooting an Orlando police officer during a confrontation to $100,000 as the FBI placed the fugitive on its most wanted list. Orange County, Fla., officials also activated their emergency operations center as federal, state and local law enforcement agents come together to work on the case that has prompted a massive manhunt across central Florida. "We're using every tool to bring (the officer's) killer to justice," said Orlando Police Chief John Mina during a news conference Tuesday. Authorities say they are following numerous tips on Markeith Loyd, the 41-year-old suspected of shooting and killing Orlando Master Sgt. Debra Clayton during a violent confrontation at a Walmart parking lot. “Please continue to be vigilant and help us bring this killer to justice,” a spokesperson tweeted earlier for the Orlando Police Department. USA TODAY Manhunt underway after fatal shooting of Orlando officer The police department offered the $100,000 reward for any information leading to Loyd's location. He also is a suspect in last month's shooting death of his 24-year-old pregnant ex-girlfriend. Clayton’s slaying drew comments from the nation’s top prosecutor, U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch. Lynch said in a speech late Monday that a number of federal resources — including the FBI, the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms and Explosives and the U.S. Marshals Service — have been committed to help Orlando police to locate Loyd. The reward for the capture of Markeith Loyd has been raised to $100,000. The manhunt is still active. pic.twitter.com/uTGIudUHfs— OCSO FL News (@OrangeCoSheriff) January 10, 2017 “These tragic deaths make clear the great risks that our brave men and women in uniform face each and every day, and the deep and abiding gratitude that our nation owes them for their service,” said Lynch, in a transcript of her speech at a human trafficking conference in Washington, D.C., late Monday. Lynch also talked about the dangers facing the nation’s law enforcement agents and the risks involved with policing. “As they are responding to events in their community, they are often the first on the scene of dangerous events — as we saw when they responded to the shootings at the Fort Lauderdale Airport last Friday, when five innocent people lost their lives to a gunman,” she said, referring to the incident which left five people dead and the suspected lone gunman in custody. “My thoughts and prayers — and those of my colleagues at the Department of Justice — are with the families and loved ones of those lost and wounded in these tragic events.” Master Sgt. Clayton's patrol vehicle, and a wreath, outside OPD HQ. pic.twitter.com/TucGBeCYbG— Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 10, 2017 Officers also held a wreath laying ceremony for Clayton — one of many tributes to take place this week as final memorial preparations get underway. The ceremony took place near Clayton’s patrol vehicle parked outside of police headquarters in downtown Orlando. A Gofundme site also was set up to raise funds for Clayton’s family. The fund, set up by officers at the agency, had an announced goal of $10,000 and had already raised more than $7,000 in pledges by Tuesday morning. Clayton was in a brief foot chase with Loyd on Monday at the Walmart when Loyd turned with his weapon and fired on her, said Orlando Police Chief John Mina during a news conference hours after the shooting. Clayton returned fire before collapsing from her injury. Loyd shot at another deputy and fled the area before other officers arrived. “The loss of our friend and hero to this community only strengthens our resolve to fight for justice,” Mina later tweeted after the news conference. Orange County (Fla.) Sheriff's Deputy Norman Lewis was killed in a traffic accident during a manhunt for Markeith Loyd on Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. Loyd is suspected of fatally shooting Orlando Master Sgt. Debra Clayton.  (Photo: Orange County (Fla.) Sheriff's Office) The officer’s shooting death prompted a massive manhunt by hundreds of law enforcement officers as armored vehicles and SWAT teams fanned out to the area near the Walmart retail center where the deadly shooting took place. Loyd’s photo was later plastered on wanted posters and distributed on social media. More than a dozen Orange County schools also were placed on lock down Monday. Compounding the tragedy was the death of another officer — Orange County (Fla.) Sheriff’s Deputy Norman Lewis, a motor patrolman who had joined the search for Clayton’s suspected killer. Lewis, an 11-year-veteran of the agency, was described as a "gentle giant" by the department. Officials in the Sheriff's Office described him as having a "million dollar smile" and being a "consummate professional," giving him the moniker "Big Norm." He was a University of Central Florida graduate who was an offensive lineman from 2000 to 2003. Florida Highway Patrol investigators said the deputy was on a motorcycle when the driver of a 2010 Honda van attempted to turn left and turned directly into the path of the motorcycle. The deputy was thrown from the bike and was pronounced dead, reports show. The manhunt for Loyd was conducted all day Monday as officers searched for him in dozens of homes, displacing some residents of a northwest Orlando apartment complex and tying up traffic. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said deputies had been searching unsuccessfully for Loyd for several weeks since the fatal shooting of his ex-girlfriend and believe he was receiving help from someone. Contributing: The Associated Press. Follow J.D. Gallop on Twitter:@JDGallop 134 CONNECTTWEETLINKEDIN 18 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jq2Z2T NEVER MISS OUT The Short List Let us bring the headlines to you every night. Stay current and catch up on the biggest stories of the day. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE The Short List NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
CBC.caMENU TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Local More Watch Listen Log in SEARCH British Columbia Kamloops Calgary Edmonton Saskatchewan Saskatoon Manitoba Thunder Bay Sudbury Windsor Kitchener-Waterloo Hamilton Toronto Ottawa Montreal New Brunswick Prince Edward Island Nova Scotia Newfoundland & Labrador North Kids Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Podcasts Games Contests Site Map CBC Member CBC User You currently have: 0 Likes 0 Comments Subscriptions Go to the Subscriptions Centre to manage your: CBC Newsletters Daily Digests Breaking Alerts Log Out Log out of your CBC account. My Profile My Subscriptions Log Out CBC News World CBC News Navigation Home Opinion World Canada Politics Business Health Entertainment Technology & Science Video World Photo Galleries Manhunt continues after killing of Florida police officer Police chief vows to chase suspect 'to the ends of the Earth' The Associated Press Posted: Jan 10, 2017 9:24 AM ET Last Updated: Jan 11, 2017 3:36 AM ET Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., on Monday. (Stephen M. Dowell/ Orlando Sentinel/Associated Press) Related Stories 'He will be brought to justice': Orlando manhunt continues after police officer killed Law enforcement officers in Florida were engaged in a massive manhunt early Tuesday for a man accused of fatally shooting a police officer who approached him outside an Orlando Walmart. The manhunt itself has led to the death of a sheriff's deputy in a traffic accident and the injury of another officer. 'He should be considered armed and dangerous.' — Orlando Police Chief John Mina Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, was killed outside the Walmart store in northwest Orlando early Monday, and Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis was killed more than two hours later in a crash while responding to a manhunt for Markeith Loyd, 41. Another Orlando police officer was involved in a crash while responding to the shooting but had only minor injuries. Massive manhunt continues in Orlando As the third day of the manhunt for Loyd started Wednesday, authorities had raised the reward for information leading to his arrest from $60,000 US to $100,000. More than 300 tips from the public have been made, said Barb Bergin, executive director of Crimeline, the tip-line service which is offering the reward and warns in notices that Loyd is "armed and extremely dangerous." "We will not identify you. We just need to know where he is so no one else is hurt," Bergin said in a plea for more tips. The reward is now $100,000. Help us locate Markeith Loyd. Call 911 or @CrimelineFL at 800-423-TIPS pic.twitter.com/Odinqn5b09— @OrlandoPolice Authorities said Loyd previously was a suspect in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. A massive manhunt involving hundreds of officers was conducted all day Monday as they searched for Loyd in dozens of homes, displacing some residents of a northwest Orlando apartment complex and tying up traffic. "He should be considered armed and dangerous," Police Chief John Mina said. Later in the day, the chief said, "It doesn't matter where he is. We will track him down to the ends of the Earth." Suspect has extensive rap sheet Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said deputies had been searching unsuccessfully for Loyd for several weeks since the fatal shooting of his ex-girlfriend and believe he was receiving help from someone. Mina lauded Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the force, as a committed officer and a hero who gave her life to the community she loves. The Orlando Police Department said in a tweet that Clayton always had a smile and a high five for every child she came across. 'She was always the first to step up and help kids.' — Orlando Police Chief John Mina Clayton had grown up in the Orlando area and was active in programs that mentored young people. "She was always the first to step up and help kids," Mina said. Clayton was a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighbourhood where she was shot, and she previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. "She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community," Rolon said. She was married and had a college-age son. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton of the Orlando Police Department was shot near a local Walmart store early Monday. (Orlando Police Department/Twitter) Police released a video of Clayton's body being taken out of the hospital to a waiting van in a flag-covered stretcher. A line of officers saluted as the stretcher was wheeled out. The apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt and shooting in northwest Orlando was nowhere near Orlando's tourism corridor in the southern part of the metro area. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared a day of mourning in the city. Gunfire, carjacking While at the Walmart on Monday morning, Clayton was tipped off by someone that Loyd was in the area. When she approached him, he fired multiple shots at Clayton, who was wearing body armour, Mina said. Clayton returned fire but didn't hit him, he said. Law enforcement officers search an area for suspect Markeith Loyd. (John Raoux/Associated Press) Sheriff's officials said a deputy spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle. The suspect pulled into a nearby apartment complex and then fired at a deputy, striking the deputy's SUV twice. The deputy wasn't harmed, the sheriff's office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle, drove away and then abandoned the vehicle not far away, according to the sheriff's office. The Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy was killed more than two hours after the shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Demings described the 35-year-old Lewis as "a gentle giant," and the sheriff's office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago.  Loyd has a lengthy criminal record dating back two decades, authorities said. He was arrested in 1996 on a murder charge that was later dropped. Loyd was arrested for battery on an officer in 1998 and sentenced to more than four years in prison. While behind bars, he pleaded guilty to cocaine possession from a prior case and was transferred to federal prison. Federal records show he was released in July 2014. More recently, his wife whom he is in the process of divorcing, had filed a request for a temporary injunction against him in 2015, and he followed with a similar request against her three days later. Both requests were eventually dismissed in court. He also had paternity suits from three different women filed against him. His Facebook profile had videos of him working out at a gym and hanging out at a nightclub. He said in a November post, "Goals!!!! To be on Americas (sic) most wanted," followed by a series of laughing-with-tears emojis. © The Associated Press, 2017 Report Typo or Error Send Feedback Stay Connected with CBC News Mobile Facebook Podcasts Twitter Alerts Newsletter Latest Video Best presidential inauguration performances 3:50 'Trump does not have the moral authority to battle with John Lewis,' says Rev. Jesse Jackson 1:14 Investigators with Diana Swain - Josh Earnest Interview 4:46 Aussie rugby players dress up as Elvis for game 0:58 Most Viewed Trump may be a 'clown,' but he was right about the media: Rolling Stone journalist Stern warning from CIA to Trump, as press corps waits for walking papers Ringling Bros. closing curtain on namesake circus after 146 years Trump attacks civil rights icon before Martin Luther King Jr. day As dozens of countries tout support for Palestinian state, Israel calls the Paris talks 'rigged' Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Anti-Trump civil rights demonstrators vow to 'march until hell freezes over' Woman abducted as a baby in Florida found 18 years later Mosul University fully liberated by Iraqi troops Covering Donald Trump White House will 'pose a challenge for the media,' outgoing press secretary says Right Communications The National Canada's destination for original journalism and stories with added depth and context. Don't Miss New 2 richest Canadians have wealth equal to 11 million poorest Stern warning from CIA to Trump, as press corps waits for walking papers Analysis Future of the oilsands: the good, the bad and the ugly New generation moves to the fore in Liberal cabinet shuffle No charges after cyclist, car standoff video, Ottawa police say Obama talks about Israel, Syria and Trump in his final interview as president As dozens of countries tout support for Palestinian state, Israel calls the Paris talks 'rigged' Remembering Candace Derksen: Family braces for retrial of man accused of her murder Typing in 'the zone': Why the physical QWERTY keyboard still matters to some Video Trump may be a 'clown,' but he was right about the media: Rolling Stone journalist Man plunges to bottom of Lake of the Woods in -30 C weather Katy Perry, Scarlett Johansson, Cher among celebs set to join Women's March on Washington Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus Grounded tanker freed from Cape Breton shore Ice storm creates slick conditions in central U.S. for 3rd day Explore CBC CBC Home TV Radio News Sports Music Life Arts Kids Local Documentaries Comedy Books Parents Indigenous Digital Archives Games Contests Site Map Stay Connected Apps RSS Podcasts Newsletters & Alerts Services and Information Corporate Info Public Appearances Commercial Services Reuse & Permission Terms of Use Privacy Policy CBC Shop Help Contact Us Jobs Doing Business with Us Renting Facilities CBC Radio-Canada ©2017 CBC/Radio-Canada. All rights reserved Visitez Radio-Canada.ca
  Home U.K.     News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Latest Headlines News World News Arts Headlines Pictures Most read News Board Wires My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS in freezing temperatures before swimming across flowing creek at daybreak to get help 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian golden shower saga - as gleeful Alec Baldwin insists 'Trump just hands it to us in a basket with a big bow' The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who's studied the subject for 20 years  Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex with other women Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the wealth of 3.6billion people Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying $11million Paris robbery Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed:  Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by tragic author is found under concentration camp gas chamber and traced to girl born a month before her Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used by plane manufacturer in thrilling discovery that could reopen one of America's most mystifying cases The chilling moment an SUV-driving prostitute deliberately runs over and kills a fleeing man after a 'domestic dispute' Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk foods  Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those pesky plane rules revealed Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged 63 A least they can have a joint party! Husband, wife and their son ALL share the same birthday More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at The Donald's inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on inauguration day Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling discredited Moscow hookers 'dirty dossier' a 'garbage document' Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day over 'scheduling issue' after spat with John Lewis   Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant to 'delegitimize' President-elect  Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California governor' Previous Next Manhunt for Orlando gunman who shot dead veteran female cop enters its SECOND day as police confirm he could face charges for death of deputy who died in search  Orlando Police Department Master Sgt. Debra Thomas Clayton, a 17-year veteran, was shot and killed at a Walmart Monday  Police are in second day of search for gunman suspect Markeith Loyd, 41 He is believed to be armed and dangerous, and is also wanted in connection with the December shooting death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon The convicted felon has been arrested 20 times in Orange County since 1994 Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis died after being hit by a car while on his patrol motorcycle during search for Loyd on Monday Orlando police Chief John Mina said Loyd could face charges of first-degree murder of a law enforcement officer in relation to Lewis' death Reward up to $100,000 is being offered for information leading to Loyd's arrest   By Regina F. Graham For Dailymail.com Published: 09:54 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 15:10 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail 28 shares 1 View comments Markeith Loyd (right), 41, is the suspect accused in the shooting and police are still searching for him The second day of a massive manhunt is underway for a gunman who shot dead a veteran police officer outside of an Orlando Walmart after she approached the man who is suspected in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. Orlando police Chief John Mina said Markeith Loyd, 41, could also face more charges related to the death of Orange County Sheriff's Deputy Norman Lewis, who died in a motorcycle crash as he gave pursuit of Loyd following the shooting death of Master Sgt. Debra Thomas Clayton.    Mina said Clayton, 42, was shot dead after she spotted Loyd outside of a Pine Hills Walmart on Monday morning. While fleeing the scene, Loyd fired shots at a deputy's cruiser, police said. During the early hours of the manhunt for Loyd, Lewis, an 11-year veteran, was killed in a motorcycle crash after he was hit by a van while searching for the gunman. Mina stated that in addition to the charges he will face for Clayton's shooting death, Loyd could face charges of first-degree murder of a law enforcement officer in relation to Lewis' death, WESH reported.    'We will track him down to the ends of the earth,' Mina said during a press conference. Scroll down for video   Orlando Police Department Master Sgt. Debra Thomas Clayton (left) was shot dead outside of a Pine Hills Walmart store on Monday. During the early hours of the manhunt for Loyd, Orange County Sheriff's Deputy Norman Lewis (right)  was killed in a crash as authorities gave pursuit A boot lies on Pine Hills Road on Monday after Lewis, an 11-year veteran, was struck by a van while responding to the manhunt for Loyd Police Chief John Mina stated that Loyd could face charges of first-degree murder of a law enforcement officer in relation to Lewis' death (crash scene above) Clayton (above) was a 17-year veteran of the police department, a wife and a mother to a college-aged son. Mina said Clayton, 42, is a 'hero' 'Debra Clayton is a hero, and she gave her life to protect the community she loves,' Mina said. 'She will be deeply missed.' Clayton, who was one of the first officers to respond to the Pulse nightclub massacre on June 12, was married with a college-age son.  She is described by colleagues and those who knew her as a person who always gave back to the community and loved helping others.  A GoFundMe page has been created to raise funds for Clayton's funeral costs. In 17 hours, more than $16,600 has been donated towards the $20,000 goal.  Florida Gov. Rick Scott said he was 'heartbroken and angered' over the loss of lives. Lewis played college football and earned a bachelor's degree in criminal justice from the University of Central Florida.   Clayton's flag-draped coffin (above) was removed from Orlando Regional Medical Center and was provided a police escort from the hospital hours after her fatal shooting Clayton's patrol vehicle (above) is set to remain outside of OPD headquarters for now, Mina announced. A wreath has been placed next to it The Monday morning shooting happened just after 7.15am, as police say Clayton had been shopping in the store and was outside putting bags in the trunk of her car when someone told her that Loyd, a suspect wanted in connection with the December murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, may have been inside the store.  The 17-year veteran was heading back into the store alone and had radioed in at 7.17am 'to say that she was attempting to contact a murder suspect,' Mina said.  She told the suspect to 'stop', but he immediately fired multiple shots at her before fleeing the scene, authorities said. At 7.19am, officers radioed in to say Clayton had been shot and the first responding officers on scene began CPR on Clayton. She was pronounced dead at 7.40am at Orlando Regional Medical Center.  Loyd then carjacked a vehicle before getting out and running off, police said. Of Clayton (above left), Mina said: 'She gave her life to protect the community she loves.' He added that she was one of the first officers to respond to the Pulse nightclub massacre on June 12 Day two of a manhunt is underway for the gunman who is suspected of shooting dead Clayton near a Walmart early Monday morning (scene above) He is considered to be armed and dangerous and police are asking anyone who knows his whereabouts to please call 1-800-423-TIPS. Orlando police announced Monday afternoon that a reward of up to $60,000 is being offered for information leading to Loyd's arrest. 'We're going to bring this dirt-bag to justice, and he's going to jail,' Mina said of Loyd at the press conference on Monday. 'The community can be sure of that.'  James Herman, a witness to the shooting, told WFTV that the gunman was wearing a security uniform and fired at least 12 times at Clayton.    '(The shooter) was an average-looking dude, he walked by me, had a security vest and everything,' Herman said.  Florida Gov. Rick Scott bows his head and Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings, center, salutes as Lewis' body is transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed while responding to the Clayton's fatal shooting 'I was walking down the sidewalk, right past the officer, and I heard her tell him to stop, or whatever, and he shot her. He shot her down.'    Loyd is also wanted in connection with the December shooting death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, 24 (above) Loyd was initially wanted in connection with the shooting death of Sade Dixon, a 24-year-old pregnant mother-of-two, who was shot dead just outside of her home on December 13. Authorities say Loyd, a convicted felon who has been arrested in Orange County 20 times since 1994, has been on the run since her death.  Dixon's brother, Ronald Steward, 26, was also shot and critically injured in the incident, as he was trying to help her, police said.  Loyd has served 10 years in prison and five years probation for conspiracy with intent to distribute cocaine, according to federal court records.  Back in 1999 he was sentenced to prison and was released from probation in 2014.  A November post on his Facebook page says: 'Goals!!!! To be on Americas most wanted'. A November post on his Facebook page says: 'Goals!!!! To be on Americas most wanted' A reward up to $60,000 is being offered by authorities for information leading to the arrest of Markeith Loyd   Share or comment on this article e-mail 28 shares Most watched News videos Gloria Williams waves extradition for kidnapping Kamiyah Mobley Kitesurfer unaware of great white shark swimming below Disgusting moment cyst puss eruption covers cell phone Enraged kick-boxer strikes husband's mistress NINE times 2017's luckiest man: Pedro Grendene Bartelle win's $3.5m Man takes his cat Weston Sledding in the snow Sheep attack shepherd after being frightened by a car in Germany She's falling for him? Girl gets 'pushed off ledge in prank' video NYPD searching for six teens who beat up a woman in Brooklyn Black PhD student is beaten and cuffed by police Female bullfighter is mounted by young bull Legal implications for Gloria Williams who kidnapped Kamiyah Mobley 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for... US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making... Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's... Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as... Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for... Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me... Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on... Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors... Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father:... 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly... MOST READ NEWS Previous Next ● ● ● Comments (1) Share what you think Newest Oldest Best rated Worst rated  View all The comments below have been moderated in advance.  View all The views expressed in the contents above are those of our users and do not necessarily reflect the views of MailOnline. We are no longer accepting comments on this article. Who is this week's top commenter? Find out now More top stories Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     Femail Today PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 The May-December duo PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th She has three young children Church time! Gwen Stefani, 47,  is a model mom in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Quality family time Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport on Sunday Katie Holmes and daughter Suri don floral ensembles to shop for groceries The 38-year-old actress filled her shopping cart with essentials  One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proves you don't need a bikini to look sexy 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher In mourning for her mother and grandmother Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez Sunday Funday! Julianne Hough steps out in fluffy white jacket with striped shirt and blue jeans in Hollywood She's usually seen in her beloved active wear 'A brotherhood beyond basketball': Lamar Odom spends time with NBA pals after leaving rehab and finalizing divorce from Khloe Kardashian A boy's best friend! Madonna shares candid snap of her son David Banda resting with their puppy Olga Sweet picture shows him relaxing at home Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress in Dubai She's officially back at work Revealed: Kim Kardashian told police how masked thug grabbed her while she was NAKED under bathrobe during $10m Paris robbery  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape 'I am incredibly sorry for my actions': Meghan Markle's half-brother apologizes to his family for drunken incident that saw him put a gun to his girlfriend's head  Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  Enjoying reconciliation Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daughter Daisy is just three months old Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  Is making a comeback Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Surprising her beau  Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Wowed in Italy  'I don't want to be at the center of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns on Vogue Australia cover Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and Jared Kushner to 'Help Ivanka Move'  Awkward! All three of Status Quo rocker Rick Parfitt's wives plan to say a last farewell at his funeral on Thursday  The star will be laid to rest on Thursday  'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans on Twitter after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Was hospitalized after nasty incident  Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Shared the sultry shots on social media  Ronnie Wood's twin girls, their mother and Emma Bunton join Geri Horner for her baby shower  Star-studded showing at the ex-Spice Girl's party 'I'm a human vacuum cleaner!' Jessica Biel jokes she survives on son Silas's leftovers by 'shoveling the last few bites off his plate' It's all she gets! Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  Also met Charlotte  Want some presidential neighbors? House just one block away from the Obamas and Ivanka's future homes in a DC suburb hits market for $5.75m 'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss Hello YELLOW! It lit up the red carpet at the Golden Globes and Emma Stone's dress in La La Land made quite a splash, now you can brighten your wardrobe Are Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi moving to Australia? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of a $5.8  mansion down under 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal - but still won't do as much as his 68-year-old father  Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend True story about three black mathematicians  The Queen and Prince Philip are joined by Lord Snowdon's son as they attend church at Sandringham - just two days after the royal photographer's death Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London Taylor Swift's ex My nerve-shredding odyssey to adopt my little girl: As Nicole Kidman's new movie highlights India's orphanages, one mother shares her story 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over Russian golden shower scandal with stream of bathroom humor jokes on SNL Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Words of support from the actress  Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his ex-girlfriend  He had stomach cancer 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is primed to run for president in 2024 'People need to see a new side to pregnancy': Pregnant lesbian hits out at online bullies who criticized her for looking 'masculine' and wearing 'boy clothes'  How to dress like a grown up: Dry January should apply to clothes shopping too!  Your wardrobe is a team - all items must work together to survive 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce 'We are beautiful the way we are': Photographer captures images of 40 'real' women in their underwear in bid to change perceptions  Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga Kylie proves she's a cheap date PJ-clad Jessica Alba kisses husband Cash Warren at his birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee puckered up Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Celebrating Cash Warren's 38th birthday  'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party Best of friends Lawyer turned Instagram star Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try and get the perfect beach shot  How to look as good as the French in lingerie: The secret's a whole new way of thinking about your body shape  In Paris, lingerie is not just underwear  A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski She confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot Sneak peek 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Celebs celebrate the closure of Ringling Bros. circus with PETA activist Pamela Anderson claiming victory that the 'saddest show on earth' is finishing after 146 years   Couples reveal what changed most after they moved in together (and their sometimes bizarre ways of making their relationships work)   She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot Posing up a storm It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai She is doing a make-up tutorial in the Middle East Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as Mercedes is set to clarify its position on Valterri Bottas' proposed switch  Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall  She's always camera-ready Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad F1 heiress Nip and tuck with Dr Tracy Mountford: Is there such a thing as a non-surgical eyelift?   Often, a surgical eyelift or a brow lift (or a gives the most long-lasting result Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool Soccer game outing 'Disclaimer: I am not Deadpool!' Meet the OTHER Ryan Reynolds, a 29-year-old mayor of a tiny village in upstate New York He's not the actor Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon turns 36 next month PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash The 35-year-old Golden Globe nominee shared a clip Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings The 19-year-old actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes How YOU can shift your midlife middle! FEMAIL meets the trainer who says she has the secret, especially if you hate the gym, and promises results in SEVEN days Judy Garland slashed her own throat with a razor in the grip of chronic drug addiction, reveals her ex-husband  Sid Luft once found her semiconscious Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to COCA-COLA 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Motherhood secrets Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu Saturday night in California 'Do you love her and do you know she wants to marry you?' How President Obama's advice for marital bliss brought together two grooms  Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her niece to a day out Wealthy Chinese and Russian couples snap up replicas of Princess Diana's sapphire and diamond engagement ring  Orders have soared Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Outside LA's Catch  He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Has been enjoying time across the pond and a break from social media How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Was a 'joint' shindig  Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream Family shopping trip  Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'Observe the moment you feel truly happy': Chloe Lattanzi pens inspirational quote while flaunting cleavage after $415,000 Barbie doll transformation Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   With Italian reality star Tommaso Zorzi Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic Married to Justin Timberlake Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City At the airport Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Heading out to Bootsy Bellows on the Sunset Strip Piers Morgan will interview former Ukip leader Nigel Farage on Life Stories... and declares that it will be the 'best TV' viewers have ever seen Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello 'Happy birthday, Uncle!' Chris Hemsworth's four-year-old daughter makes a cute card for uncle Liam as the actor celebrates turning 27  Messages poured in  Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Downton Abbey actress Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run Young model admits Crohn's disease has 'torn apart' her life - as she says the debilitating illness has caused her to lose her social life, car and even her career Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admits she was 'nervous' about the gig Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA The former Days Of Our Lives actress  Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family Woman in white! Zoe Kravitz keeps it crisp at Elle's Women in Television event as she displays her svelte figure in an all-white ensemble from tip to toe Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzle in black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Candace Cameron Bure showcases new darker auburn locks in plunging gown at Hallmark party The actress showcased her stunning new hair  'Falcons got Future!' Ciara's ex pops up on the sidelines as her husband Russell Wilson plays losing NFL game A photo emerged on Twitter  'He's our little mascot': Dev Patel reveals the close bond he developed with eight-year-old Sunny Pawar on the set of Lion  Lot of love Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills Almost Famous star opted for comfort  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA The Baby singer wore a Supreme sweatshirt 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Flaunted her fabulous physique  Julianne Hough puts her abs on display in red sports bra as she and brother Derek hit the gym Are a pair of very toned siblings  Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration Stunned in black  Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Couple showed off their outlandish get-ups  'Good luck daddy' Tom Brady shares a sweet kiss with his daughter ahead of critical Patriots game His own little good luck charm  Smitten by the fantasy castle in Kate and Wills' Alpine playground: Why this gorgeous 'palace-rated' hotel in glitzy Courchevel is the stuff of dreams From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market New film xXx: Return of Xander Cage is out 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to newborn daughter Dream and King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Shared the endearing clip with her fans Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Pair announced exciting news on Instagram  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent, drunken row' Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Was rumored to be one of the acts performing  Spot the rock! Kate Mara flashes ring as it emerges she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell The band was glinting on her left hand  'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Sneak peak Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets to getting the reality star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Joined ladies of the small screen Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy NYC after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Supportive family unit 'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session Has radiant skin 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' Did she break the rules? Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Italy Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spent some quality time with her children  Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three Enjoyed family time  'Revenge Body? It's a no from me': Young woman who battled an eating disorder for six years says Khloe Kardashian's new show is 'a step backward'  Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Scary realization  Fits like a glove! Viola Davis stuns in form-fitting teal dress during the London preview of Fences Golden Globe winner can command attention Back to where it all began! Megan Marx and Tiffany Scanlon confirm they are moving to Bali together as they reveal their unusual packing list PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Returned from vacation 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Richard Gere and longtime friend the Dalai Lama are spotted in deep conversation in India on the final day of religious event Kalachakra She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Sneak peak for the sequel released  'I don't apologize': Toby Keith defends his decision to perform at Donald Trump's  inauguration... as Jennifer Holliday backs out Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Press tour  Susan Sarandon looks chic in all black as she attends panel for docu-series Killing Richard Glossip  Hit the stage as part of the panel  Blushing beauty! Karrueche Tran shows off feminine style in pleated dress as she joins Claws co-stars at the TNT TCAs Stunning shape  Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Rocked a knitted top Celebrities come under fire from Trump supporters for 'pathetic' and 'uncool' video singing 'I Will Survive' before the Donald's inauguration Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Covered up for a change! Ariel Winter dresses down in casual white tee to take care of morning chores Took a step back from her provocative snaps  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  Knowles... Run The World!  Beyonce and Solange go will compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Sisters are slaying! Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Partying up a storm  Victoria's Secret supermodel Karlie Kloss is heading back to Australia as it's announced she will make her runway debut for David Jones So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of notes from an ATM near his Kensington home  Revealed, Lulu's guilty pleasure... HEAVY METAL: Scottish pop icon plans to unleash her inner rock goddess  She's even considered the different career path Kelly Rowland is relaxed in jeans and a sweater as she totes son Titan during lunch outing in Beverly Hills She is set to be a judge on The Voice Australia  How DID photographer Harry Benson get Donald Trump to look like a million dollars and make monkeys out of The Beatles? By being the original... Flash Harry LIZ JONES: Trust me Madonna, Cheryl and Wendi Deng, you'll NEVER find true love with a toy boy  Madonna's new toy boy, , is 32 years her junior. 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Mark Hamill reads Donald Trump tweet using The Joker voice in hilarious audio clip after Meryl Streep Golden Globes speech Why so serious, Don? Date night! Ireland Baldwin holds hands with boyfriend Noah Schweizer in West Hollywood while showing off her long legs in mini skirt     DON'T MISS Momager dearest: Pushy A-list mothers don't just want the best for their children - these 'mummy managers' want it all Victoria Beckham is one Dick Gautier best known for playing Hymie The Robot in the 1960s sitcom Get Smart dies at age 85 The actor passed away on Friday night  'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with Reese Witherspoon 'We talk about everything' A roofdeck with Empire State views and a Jacuzzi bathroom: Fox News anchor Shep Smith puts his $4.9m condo on the market for the second time Robin Thicke takes police to ex's home after son refuses to leave mom's side: Singer leaves empty handed after cops refuse to take child against his will 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check Looking fresh-faced President Obama says he and the First Family are ready to leave the 'bubble' of the White House and reveals Michelle has never liked the spotlight 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico 'Periods can be unpredictable!' Justin Bieber's protégé Madison Beer speaks out after paparazzi caught her with a blood stain on her white bikini Mohamed Hadid, 68, enjoys date night with glamorous fiancée Shiva Safai, 30... as ex-wife Yolanda steps out solo Yolanda is a real housewife 'In a Marilyn Monroe mood': Courtney Stodden channels her favorite Hollywood icon by sipping wine while posing in red bra and skirt Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip She also rode a dune buggy in the desert  He gets the cars and she gets the dogs! Johnny Depp and Amber Heard divide up their assets as their divorce is finalised  Court documents reveal Mario Lopez among the victims of California mudslide chaos: Backyard of star's $2m hillside mansion collapses onto the street below after record rainstorms  Billie Lourd vacations in Cabo with boyfriend Taylor Lautner... after deaths of mother Carrie Fisher and grandmother Debbie Reynolds Getting away from it all Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo Cute kitten! By George! Babywear duo celebrate $6m backing for US growth after Royal Prince steps out in robe and slippers When he met US President Obama Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen She'll play a secretary 'Now THAT'S a legend!': Tom Jones has his fellow judges on their feet and sends Twitter into a frenzy with his rendition of Great Balls of Fire on The Voice UK Proud dad David Beckham shares sweet photo of daughter Harper's ballet shoes on Instagram... after busy week at London Fashion Week Men's Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC Split! Zoey Deutch and boyfriend Avan Jogia end their relationship after five years together A source told the publication that the split was 'amicable'  Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Competition! 'The choice will always be them': Nicole Kidman, 49, reveals she opted out of Broadway stop of Photograph 51 to be with her daughters Opening up Hugh Bonneville's bottom line: I'll do a Downton Abbey film... but please take my name off the dog's behind!  Cute labrador 'I believe in democracy': Nicole Kidman hits out at critics who branded her a 'Trump supporter' after BBC interview Fans were shocked Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  No suit and tie for this rapper! Snoop Dogg, 45, keeps it casual in Adidas jacket as he hits LA hotspot Catch The 45-year-old rapper spent some time with one of his sons  'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX Having a laugh Heroic former New York Giants football player rescues elderly man trapped on a burning roof Ex-New York Giants linebacker Cole Farrand Californians prefer Narcos while Florida binges on Bloodline: Top Netflix shows viewed in each state are revealed - and most like watching shows filmed close to home 'So jet lagged I can't sleep': Kim Kardashian plays with Snapchat filters as she suffers from insomnia in Dubai The 36-year-old star is back on social media Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week Royal Wedding hotel The Goring celebrates record-breaking success as profits hit $2.5m The Middleton family stayed there before the Royal Wedding in 2011 Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want Gavin Rossdale Sliding down the banister and checking out the view: Jenna Bush Hager shares images of Sasha and Malia Obama's very first visit to the White House It's no yolk! Gwyneth Paltrow's website Goop is selling eccentric stone sex eggs which improve 'orgasms and muscle tone' Shared tips Jet-setting taking its toll? Make-up free Kendall Jenner displays blemished complexion as she touches down in NYC The 21-year-old model  Grocery run! Blake Shelton and Gwen Stefani take her son Apollo shopping in Whole Foods in Beverly Hills Have been dating a year EXCLUSIVE: Padma Lakshmi and ex Adam Dell spotted together five years after custody test proved millionaire  was the father of Top Chef host's daughter  Honeymoon bliss? Newlyweds Margot Robbie and Tom Ackerley share romantic beachside snap from mystery holiday location Instagram snap She's a classic! Jennifer Lopez shows of her iconic bottom in tight leggings during shopping trip in Beverly Hills Rocked a sporty look That's my boy! Jennifer Hudson melts the hearts of viewers by bringing sweet son David onstage to help her judge in new episode of The Voice 'I signed the contract': Chase McNary found out he wasn't The Bachelor the day before Nick Viall was announced Didn't make the cut for the popular dating show No flashback necessary! 50-year-old Cindy Crawford looks stunning in a makeup-free selfie on Instagram At her Malibu home Fadi Fawaz looks downbeat as he grabs a coffee near lover George Michael's London home as it emerges he called his nephew after discovering the singer's body  Worth its weight in gold! Caitlyn Jenner treats herself to 24-carat facial... ahead of controversial appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration 'He was basically committing suicide': Lamar Odom admits his Nevada brothel bender was 'despicable'... after revealing he wants 'wife' Khloe back 'Saint' George Michael immortalised in mural by Sydney street artist behind infamous Kanye kissing Kanye painting The work of artist Scott Marsh Nick Jonas rocks a slick tailored look as he hits the FROW at Emporio Armani during Milan Men's Fashion Week A double-breasted suit  Taking the high road! Gerard Butler goes on hike with ex-girlfriend Morgan Brown...two months after it was claimed they called it quits Coordinated couple! Kylie Jenner and Tyga lounge about in black hoodies in Beverly Hills Lounging about against a planter in the middle of the pavement His Dreamgirl! Eddie Murphy, 55, and girlfriend Paige Butcher, 37, go on coffee run hand in hand in Studio City Pair looked content  Jaden Smith gets creative with his camera on the streets of NYC... before confessing his fear of telling father Will he has 'failed' in social media meltdown Bella Hadid puts on a brave face as she steps out in New York amid claims she feels 'betrayed by pal Selena Gomez dating her ex The Weeknd' Mariah Carey, 46, showcases her toned pins in skintight leggings as she enjoys dinner with toyboy beau Bryan Tanaka, 33, and children in London Ryan Gosling keeps things casually cool in a biker jacket and sunglasses as he touches down in LA after glitzy La La Land screening in London Make-up free Alicia Keys rocks double denim and funky patterned trousers as she touches down in LA The soulful singer cut a stylish figure 'It will sell out in minutes': Fifty Shades franchise to be turned into a MUSICAL after author E.L. James 'embarks on secret talks with theatre bosses' Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  'I rue the day I had that thought': Woody Harrelson admits nerves ahead of his upcoming LIVE movie Lost In London co-starring Owen Wilson Helena Bonham Carter flaunts her eclectic style as she wraps up in dolly coat while enjoying a sandwich in New York The 50-year-old actress displayed her kooky style 'Well that backfired!': CBB bosses face furious backlash from fans as Austin Armacost's awkward SHOCK eviction leaves viewers puzzled Rupert Grint joins Bryan Cranston at Crackle press conference as the Harry Potter star promotes new TV series in the UK Hogwarts alum 'Ready to partyyyyyy!' Sofia Vergara posts festive Instagram photos from belated 40th birthday party for husband Joe Manganiello What!? Kim Kardashian's jaw drops after she incorrectly guesses carat weight of her gorgeous diamond engagement ring Impressive knowledge Arriving in style! Gigi Hadid wears all black outfit topped with orange knit hat for evening flight to New York Hid behind her outfit  'We didn't kiss for a very long time': Jessica Biel reveals she took things slow with husband Justin Timberlake at start of their romance 'I was sort of caught off guard': Nick Viall admits he felt 'a little uncomfortable' by topless Corinne Olympios on The Bachelor Saint West screams with horror as he meets Santa Claus while concerned big sister North looks on Trip to Father Christmas didn't go as planned  Birthday in paradise! Kristin Cavallari celebrates turning 30th in Mexico wearing bikini by Audrina Patridge Showed off her toned tummy on the milestone 'Your siblings are worth a thousand friends': Yolanda Hadid shares sweet snap of her three children Gigi, Bella, and Anwar Hadid Adorable trio Blonde moment! Kylie Jenner flaunts her cleavage in tiny negligee while teasing secret new project Showed off her curves in dark photos  Kat Graham is leggy and lovely in velvet at the swanky opening of New York City's BUILD Studio The Switzerland-born stunner wore an eccentric outfit   Johnny Depp sues 'fraudulent' business managers for $25MILLION after he was forced to sell his French village to settle his debts  Top of the crops! Jessica Hart showcases her toned midriff and arms as she flashes the flesh at the GEM Awards Showed off some skin She's certainly not shy! Justin Bieber's rumoured fling Sahara Ray poses NAKED in sultry selfie... six months after skinny dip with the pop star 'It's like going to rehab!' Chris Harrison reveals The Bachelor secrets... and what he really thinks of Nick Viall Has hosted Bachelor Nation for 14 years  Right at home! Teresa Giudice, 44, showcases slender physique in clingy beaded jumpsuit during photo shoot in her house  Sparkled for a shoot Cheap eats! Denise Richards, 45, looks effortlessly stunning and shows her thrifty side as she grabs a budget sandwich with daughter Sam 'Mad love for this one': Britney Spears tweets steamy shirtless photo of rumoured boyfriend Sam Asghari Sent fans crazy with snap of alleged flame  Bombshell in black! Lady Gaga bares her midriff in skimpy crop top as she heads to Starbucks with a friend Went for an out-of-character casual look  Pretty Little Liars star Lucy Hale and her boyfriend Anthony Kalabretta share a laugh as they stock up on groceries together in Los Angeles  How Emma Stone plotted her path to Hollywood to combat crippling anxiety: An inspiring story with uncanny echoes of her story behind La La Land  Today's headlines Most Read College student, 19, survives car crash that killed her best friend by clinging onto a tree for TWELVE HOURS... 'Not funny, cast is terrible, always a complete hit job': The Donald slams SNL for ribbing him about Russian... The delicate art of apologising (without making it worse) by psychologist HARRIET LERNER who’s studied the... Packing up! Anti-Trump protesters plan demonstration outside the New York City home of Ivanka Trump and... Martin Luther King's wife was convinced he stayed faithful - despite FBI 'smear' tapes of him having sex... Eight richest men are worth the same as HALF the rest of the world: Their £350billion haul is equal to the... Wrestling legend Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies aged 73 days after murder charge was dropped over death of his... 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is... Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens... 'He wants to be emperor': How Mark Zuckerberg 'quotes Greek legend' to Facebook staff as friends say he is... Did this pendant belong to Anne Frank's childhood friend? Necklace almost identical to the one owned by... How a boy who became a national hero at the age of 9 by rescuing his mother from a fire turned into a... Woman and her ex-lover 'stage burglary at home she shared with her husband and planted drugs and a dead dog... Soda is top of the shopping list for families on food stamps who spend ONE FIFTH of their allowance on junk... Why DO you have to put your seat-back up for landing and are phones really a hazard? The truth behind those... Controversial anti-gay Atlanta bishop who was accused of sleeping with five teenage boys dies of cancer aged... Did Russia's state broadcaster leak the latest episode of Sherlock? BBC launches investigation after... More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent... Pence calls John Lewis' attack on Trump 'deeply-disappointing' and calls for Americans to unite on... Trump demands an apology from spy chiefs as he thanks Watergate reporter Bob Woodward for calling... Donald Trump cancels his visit to the African American history museum on Martin Luther King Jr. Day after... Mike Pence says 'of course' there was no contact between the Trump campaign and Russia, and claims are meant... Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's... REVEALED: Silicon Valley billionaire and Trump supporter Peter Thiel 'is planning to run for California... 'Trump's election has led to a deep sense of uncertainty': Incoming president 'casts a shadow' over Davos... ‘I’ll make Brexit a great thing’: Trump promises Britain a quick and fair trade deal with America but... Thousands across the country march in support of Obamacare as Republicans come weeks away from repealing it Reince Preibus warns ethics chief to 'be careful' after he accused Donald Trump of risking a conflict of... You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration... MORE HEADLINES 'Liberal snowflake' Hollywood stars come under fire for 'pathetic' video which shows them singing 'I Will Survive' about Trump's inauguration US Army soldier based at Fort Hood is found dead - making him the TWELFTH GI from the Texas base to die in the last two months as investigators probe bizarre cluster of suicides, accidents and fatal fights at the base Opera star Andrea Bocelli backs out of singing at Trump's inauguration after receiving death threats Did she know? Cops says teen suspected she was kidnapped as a baby as she weeps and tells abductor 'mom' who raised her that she loves her in court Reunited at last! Teen meets her biological parents for first time since she was snatched at birth from hospital 18 years ago by woman who she grew up with and called 'mom' Meghan meets Kate: Prince Harry 'has introduced his girlfriend to Duchess of Cambridge at Kensington Palace'  You're hired: Two soldiers do their best Donald Trump and Melania impressions at spectacular inauguration dress rehearsal - but will Hillary and Bill look so delighted to be there on the day? 'I was in a bathrobe NAKED underneath and they pushed me onto the bed': Kim Kardashian's police interview is leaked - revealing a blow-by-blow account of the terrifying £8.5million Paris robbery Did D.B. Cooper work for BOEING? New analysis found on hijacker's necktie reveals super-rare particles used by plane manufacturer in thrilling discovery that could reopen one of America's most mystifying cases Zoe Saldana says 'cocky and arrogant' Hollywood actors 'bullied' Donald Trump during the election Full-time royal Prince William will do LESS than his father: Prince, 34, to end career as a helicopter pilot but he will not fulfill as many duties as Prince Charles, 68, because he doesn't want to 'elbow him out of the way' 'I'm not talking about pee-pee': Alec Baldwin mercilessly mocks Trump over discredited Russian hotel sex claims with a stream of bathroom jokes as SNL returns with a splash!  EXCLUSIVE: Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to his girlfriend's head 'in violent row during late night drinking session at his flat' Healthy and devoted father, 48, dies suddenly from meningitis - as his SoulCycle class of 200 are warned they too are now at risk of catching the killer infection  When pimple popping goes wrong: Disgusting moment puss coats a cell phone camera filming the moment a man squeezes a cyst  Moment a furious wife kick boxes her husband's mistress in the head NINE times after discovering their affair Man 'catches married female dance teacher, 38, having sex with his 15-year-old stepdaughter' Anguish for George Michael's family as police hunt for more visitors to star's home before his death and former lover reveals addiction to anti-depressants and COCA-COLA Mother started having sex with her son, 12, when he came into her bed because he was sick - and made him feel 'important and special' as he was hitting puberty Four dead, roads closed and the Chiefs-Steelers NFL playoff game is postponed: Deadly ice storm threatens 44million people as it puts a freeze on the Midwest  How Melania Trump dazzled her way to the (very) White House: Glamorous Slovenian has been rehearsing for years to become America's First Lady The spy who believes Hitler may have faked his own death: Classified documents reveal that the Fuhrer may have used a secret runway to escape his Berlin bunker flee to South America in a Luftwaffe plane Trump inauguration boycott grows to 19 Democrat lawmakers: Congressmen will NOT attend after The Donald's feud with civil rights hero John Lewis, who said he will not be a 'legitimate President' 'This is my vehicle, sir': Shocking moment black Northwestern University PhD student is beaten and cuffed when cops refuse to believe he owns the Chevy he's driving  Russian model sues married millionaire 'sugar daddy' claiming he kicked her out of his Manhattan pad and swiped her $8k Rolex after she stopped having sex with him 2017's luckiest man: Casino punter shows off in front of his friends by betting $35,000 on a single roulette spin - and winning $3.5M when his number comes in More than 5,000 pro-Trump bikers will form a 'wall' at the inauguration and go head-to-head with any violent protesters Gang of six teen girls punched woman, 28, in the face for shaking her head because they were arguing with an elderly passenger on the subway Donald blasted after he hits back at civil rights hero John Lewis on MLK weekend who claimed Trump will not be a 'legitimate' president MOST READ IN DETAIL From the Makers of Candy Crush Farm Heroes Saga, the #4 Game on iTunes. Play it now! more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Home News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Report It! Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live 33° F Overcast Hi: 35° F Lo: 34° F Radar Forecast Closings & Delays 3 Weather Alerts 4 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Latest Headlines Semi loses control and almost hits Kansas Highway Patrolman 5:00 pm Trooper William Poland was traveling east on I-70 in Russell County as a semi-truck, driving too fast for the icy conditions, lost control. … Thousands attend US rallies to support Obama health law 3:53 pm Labor unions were a strong presence at the rally in a parking lot at Macomb County Community College in the Detroit suburb of Warren, where … Parts of Kansas deal with ice 2:48 pm Widow of slain Oregon standoff leader carries on his mission 12:51 pm Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus 12:04 pm Weather Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Current Conditions 33° F Overcast Feels Like: 24° F Wind: ENE 12 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 30° F Sunrise: 7:40 AM Sunset: 5:24 PM Current Weather Radar 7 Day Sponsored by: Sports Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Lewis, Willock lead K-State WBB over Oklahoma State January 14, 2017 STILLWATER, Okla. (AP) — Breanna Lewis scored 15 points, Eternati Willock had her first career double-double and No. 25 Kansas State defeate… No. 2 Kansas tops pesky Oklahoma State January 14, 2017 Kansas travels to Ames, Iowa to take on the Iowa State on Monday. Lecomte helps No. 1 Baylor hold off No. 25 K-State January 14, 2017 Full Court Press 01/13/17 January 13, 2017 Chiefs/Steelers playoff game moved to 7:20 p.m. Sunday January 13, 2017 Report It! Community Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Local organization helps area children see circus for free January 12, 2017 The annual ticket giveaway is part of the Shriner’s mission to provide entertainment programs for children. Kansas City Triple Shooting January 1, 2017 Kansas City police are investigating three separate triple shootings in a violent New Year’s holiday weekend. Community mourns the loss of a 6-year-old who died in a fire December 28, 2016 Fight at West Ridge Mall December 27, 2016 Wichita man surprises military family with Christmas display December 22, 2016 Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live Search for: Search the site 33° F Overcast Hi: 35° F Lo: 34° F Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers MIKE SCHNEIDER, Associated Press Published: January 10, 2017, 10:25 am Updated: January 10, 2017, 10:28 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Friends and colleagues console each other after the body of an unidentified OCSO deputy was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed while responding to the fatal shooting of an Orlando Police officer in Orlando, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Related Coverage Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community Officer killed in Orlando, manhunt underway for suspect ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Law enforcement officers in Orlando were engaged in a massive manhunt early Tuesday for a man accused of fatally shooting a police officer who approached him outside a Wal-Mart. The manhunt itself has led to the death of a sheriff’s deputy in a traffic accident and the injury of another officer. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, was killed outside the Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando early Monday, and Orange County Sheriff’s Office Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis was killed more than two hours later in a crash while responding to a manhunt for Markeith Loyd, 41. Another Orlando police officer was involved in a crash while responding to the shooting but had only minor injuries. The deaths left Orlando’s law enforcement community in mourning. Clayton’s patrol SUV was displayed in front of Orlando Police headquarters Tuesday morning. The police department also started an online fund to raise money for her family. In the Wal-Mart parking lot Tuesday morning, shoppers laid more than two dozen bouquets of flowers, teddy bears and candles in a makeshift memorial. Some shoppers, like Hal Shore, stopped to say a prayer or take a photo. “It’s important that the country is aware that there is a war against police officers,” said Shore, a cabinet maker. Authorities said Loyd previously was a suspect in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. A massive manhunt involving hundreds of officers was conducted all day Monday as they searched for Loyd in dozens of homes, displacing some residents of a northwest Orlando apartment complex and tying up traffic. “He should be considered armed and dangerous,” Police Chief John Mina said. Later in the day, the chief said, “It doesn’t matter where he is. We will track him down to the ends of the Earth.” Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said deputies had been searching unsuccessfully for Loyd for several weeks since the fatal shooting of his ex-girlfriend and believe he was receiving help from someone. Mina lauded Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the force, as a committed officer and a hero who gave her life to the community she loves. The Orlando Police Department said in a tweet that Clayton always had a smile and a high five for every child she came across. Clayton had grown up in the Orlando area and was active in programs that mentored young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” Mina said. Clayton was a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and she previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. “She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,” Rolon said. She was married and had a college-age son. Police released a video of Clayton’s body being taken out of the hospital to a waiting van in a flag-covered stretcher. A line of officers saluted as the stretcher was wheeled out. The apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt and shooting in northwest Orlando was nowhere near Orlando’s tourism corridor in the southern part of the metro area. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared a day of mourning in the city. While at the Wal-Mart on Monday morning, Clayton was tipped off by someone that Loyd was in the area. When she approached him, he fired multiple shots at Clayton, who returned fire but didn’t hit him. She was wearing body armor, but was hit multiple times. Sheriff’s officials said a deputy spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle. The suspect pulled into a nearby apartment complex and then fired at a deputy, striking the deputy’s SUV twice. The deputy wasn’t harmed, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle, drove away and then abandoned the vehicle not far away, according to the sheriff’s office. The Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputy was killed more than two hours after the shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Demings described the 35-year-old Lewis as “a gentle giant,” and the sheriff’s office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago.     Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Officer killed in Orlando, manhunt underway for suspect Slain Orlando sergeant remembered for serving her community Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community Shootings drive up number of police killed in line of duty Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNT News © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy EEO Report FCC Public File (KSNT) FCC Public File (KTKA) FCC Public File (KTMJ) Children’s Programming (KSNT) Children’s Programming (KTKA) Children’s Programming (KTMJ) Partners Media General KSN.com Sections News Weather Features Video More Station Contact Us Report It Why Advertise With Us? Mobile Text Alerts Email Updates KSNT News Daily Email Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Close Orlando police officer shot, killed; suspect still being sought - SentinelSource.com: Mcclatchy Advanced Search 20° Clear SentinelSource.com News Local Local Crime Reports Obituaries Environment National & World Religion Special Reports Photos e-Edition Business Top Story Keene school board proposes slight budget increase Round one is over, but local taxpayers still have their hats in the ring. posted: January 15 rss More headlines City manager search status said to be preliminary still Keene Public Library receives $400,000 challenge grant Jaffrey Civic center to honor King Local town can pound the pavement Family of Keene man killed in crash share story of love, loss, addiction The Keene Sentinel e-Edition Sports Local Sports News Schedules Contests Submit a Score Top Story For Keene High bowlers, its all in the ball Keene High bowler Jon Moody takes a long look down the lane, lines his feet up and takes his shot. The sophomore stares down his ball, and wil… posted: January 15 rss More headlines Area Schedule Can Dak Prescott become the first rookie quarterback to win a Super Bowl? The Chiefs drafted an abuser, who turned out to be a star. How should fans feel? Keene State women roll past Rhode Island College in basketball Community Community News Weddings & Engagements Births Anniversaries Community Calendar Top Story Keene Middle School honor roll The following 386 students in grades 6 through 8 were named to the honor roll at Keene Middle School for the first quarter 2016: posted: January 15 Community News Cremer/Hecker wedding Audet/Henderson engagement Births Hubbard/Bohannon wedding Community news Jan. 14, 2017 Entertainment Entertainment News Games Calendar Local TV Listings Dear Abby Top Story As McDonald's looks forward, 'Founder' movie shows shadowy view of past C HICAGO —Ray Kroc opened the first franchised McDonald’s restaurant in the Chicago suburb of Des Plaines in 1955. More than six decades and 3… posted: January 15 rss More headlines Horoscope As McDonald's looks forward, 'Founder' movie shows shadowy view of past Oculus Touch gaming: Welcome to the future Michelle Obama was Jimmy Fallon's only guest and, no, they did not mom dance Celebrity birthdays, Jan. 14, 2017 Life & Style Food Travel & Leisure Home and Garden Lifestyles Pets Books Health & Fitness Parenting Top Story Auto review: Jeep rolls out a puddle jumper Fiat Chrysler’s Jeep division does well with its Grand Cherokee line, selling just under 200,000 of them last year in the U.S. posted: January 15 rss More headlines Keeping lonely seniors company can help keep them healthy All kinds of adult fiction books decreased in sales last year, except for this one A 9-year-old cabbage master's 30-pound cannonball wins big in Virginia Six mistakes you might be making in hanging or cleaning your art Game wardens in Kansas killed a deer in front of the family that kept it as a pet Top Story Submission Guidelines to the Public Muse Local writers are encouraged to submit short pieces of their best verse to Susan Quatrain, judge of The Public Muse, in care of The Keene Sent… posted: September 25 CONFUSION by Lee F. Johnson of Swanzey, NH The stars are slow coming out tonite posted: September 25 THE JOURNEY by Lee F. Johnson of Swanzey, NH Many a path have I taken in this life posted: September 25 Opinion Editorial Letters to the Editor Columnists Cartoons Editorial The progress we note Monday isn't written in stone It is purely by chance that the inauguration of our country’s president occurs, every four years, so close to the day on which we honor one of… posted: January 15 rss Columnists Free Staters had a good run, until they just blended in, by John McGauley Is left-wing satire just another form of fake news?, by Stephen Marche Five education bills that need support Rubio cannot back down now on Tillerson rss Letters to the editor Free Staters had a good run, until they just blended in, by John McGauley Is left-wing satire just another form of fake news?, by Stephen Marche Five education bills that need support Rubio cannot back down now on Tillerson Scribbles n Bits: MOTELS, PLAYOFFS & PAYOFFS Trump, WikiLeaks and Russia Placing blame for corporate crimes Obama, Trump and the power of 'we' Advertise Advertise With Us Online Rate Card Online Rate Card The Keene Sentinel Rate Card Rate Card More Site help About Us Contact Us Parent express Mobile Rss Register Account lookup Send to The Sentinel Classifieds Place Classified Ad Merchandise Yard Sales Autos Homes Jobs (on kscareerfinder.com) Jobs Jobs Place your ad now! Services Services Cleaning Services (3) Lessons & Classes (1) - Private Instruction & Tutoring (1) Home Repair & Maintenance (4) - Construction & Remodeling (2) - Painting & Staining Services (2) Lawn & Garden Services (2) - Snow Removal (1) Other Services (4) Place your ad now! Real Estate for Sale or Rent Real Estate For Sale Or Rent Other (3) Property For Rent (41) - Apartments for Rent (34) - Commercial & Office Space for Rent (5) - Condos & Townhouses for Rent (1) - Homes for Rent (1) Real Estate (3) - Single-Family Houses (2) - Mobile Homes for Sale (1) Place your ad now! Pets Pets Other Pets (3) Place your ad now! Property For Rent Property For Rent Apartments for Rent (34) Commercial & Office Space for Rent (5) - Industrial Property for Rent (1) - Retail Property for rent (4) Condos & Townhouses for Rent (1) Homes for Rent (1) Place your ad now! Auctions, Estate & Garage Sales Auctions, Estate & Garage Sales Place your ad now! Cars & Vehicles Cars & Vehicles Cars (5) Heavy Equipment Vehicles (1) Vehicle Parts, Accessories & Storage (1) - Car & Truck Parts & Accessories (1) Power Sports (1) - Snowmobiles (1) RVs & Motor Homes (1) Trailers (1) Place your ad now! Community Community Announcements (2) - Celebrations (1) - Legal Announcements (1) Place your ad now! Subscribe Mcclatchy Orlando police officer shot, killed; suspect still being sought Story Comments Print Create a hardcopy of this page Font Size: Default font size Larger font size Posted: Tuesday, January 10, 2017 8:00 am | Updated: 11:07 am, Tue Jan 10, 2017. Orlando police officer shot, killed; suspect still being sought By Rene Stutzman and Stephanie Allen Orlando Sentinel SentinelSource.com ORLANDO, Fla. — Hundreds of law enforcement officers are searching for a fugitive after two Orlando-area cops were killed Monday morning, one shot by the murder suspect who managed to get away and a second killed in a crash while officers and deputies scrambled to find him. By Monday evening, officers largely abandoned the apartment complex in northwest Orlando that was the focus of their search for much of the day, and suspect Markeith Loyd, 41, was still at large. “We are going to bring this dirtbag to justice, and he’s going to jail,” Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was shot about 7:15 a.m. by a murder suspect after someone pointed out the suspect at a Wal-Mart and the officer gave chase on foot, the agency reported. A sheriff’s deputy identified as Norman Lewis, 35, was later killed in a crash with a 78-year-old driver. He had been with the sheriff’s office since 2005. The manhunt prompted the lockdown of more than a dozen schools and snarled traffic for hours. A $60,000 reward is being offered for anyone who has information to help capture Loyd, who was accused of murdering his pregnant girlfriend in December. Clayton, the first Orlando officer killed in the line of duty in a decade, was one of the first responders to the Pulse nightclub in June after a mass shooting. Mina called Clayton “a hero. She gave her life for the community she loves.” The Florida Department of Law Enforcement sent out an alert midday, describing Loyd as 6-foot-3, 230 pounds and having last been seen on Cinderlane Parkway, a road through Rosemont, a high-crime area. An Orlando SWAT team came and went and came back again to an apartment complex on that street. Early on, an officer on a bullhorn called the suspect by name and told him to come out. Overhead a law enforcement helicopter circled. The squad left and returned midafternoon — helicopter, too — and at least four armored vehicles rolled into position. “We have several hundred law enforcement officers from multiple agencies that are assisting us. ... We are reasonably certain that we have the suspect in the area,” said Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings. Shortly after 6 p.m., dozens of patrol cars and armored trucks left the area. A SWAT officer said they did not find Loyd. TaQueria Jones, a Wal-Mart cashier, said Clayton checked out at her register minutes before the shooting Monday morning. “We talked about family, we talked about God,” Jones said. While the suspect was still at large, the cashier and others planted flowers in a spot just feet from where Clayton was killed. “I’m going to be out here every day to straighten them up. Every day,” Jones said. Both Clayton and Lewis graduated from the University of Central Florida. Lewis’ friends said being a law enforcement officer was his passion and that he loved serving others. “We’re sad on this day for many reasons,” Demings said at a morning news conference at Orlando Regional Medical Center. “In my 36-year career, this is possibly one of the toughest days for me.” Loyd has a long criminal history and on Nov. 30 wrote this on his Facebook page: “Goals!!!! To be on Americas most wanted.” Both OPD and the Sheriff’s Office described him as armed and dangerous, and Demings asked anyone with information about his whereabouts to contact law enforcement immediately. Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs asked Orange County residents to simply stay indoors. “We need citizens to be diligent, we need them to be careful. ... If you don’t have to be out, don’t be out,” she said. Also at that morning news conference were Mina, Demings, Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer and Gov. Rick Scott, who happened to be in town for a business event but canceled it. The violence started at the Walmart just before sunrise when a citizen who knows Loyd and knew he was wanted spotted him and told Clayton, a 17-year department veteran and patrol officer, Mina said. She was on duty and wearing body armor, he said. She called dispatch, reporting that Loyd was at the store, spotted him and then there was a short chase, Mina said. She called out, “Stop,” Mina said, and he opened fire. She returned fire but did not hit him, the chief said. Backup officers arrived 28 seconds later, but Loyd was already gone, Mina said. The backup officers tried to save Clayton with CPR, according to the city, but she was pronounced dead at 7:40 a.m. at Orlando Regional Medical Center. A short distance away, a captain at the Orange County Sheriff’s Office who was in the area spotted Loyd near Pine Hills Road and North Lane, according to that department. Loyd pulled into an apartment complex and fired at least once at the deputy, who was in an unmarked SUV. The bullet missed him but hit his SUV, the agency reported. The suspect then carjacked a vehicle and fled. He abandoned that vehicle near Rosemont and Cinderlane Parkway. That prompted the manhunt and produced two law enforcement crashes. The fatal crash happened about 9:45 a.m. on Pine Hills Road. According to the Florida Highway Patrol, Lewis was on a motorcycle traveling south when he was struck by a van turning left onto Balboa Drive. The deputy plowed into the side of the van, was thrown from his motorcycle and killed, FHP reported. The driver of the van that collided with the motorcycle deputy who was killed is Billie Jarrard of Clermont, FHP reported. He faced possible charges. No one answered the phone Monday at his home. Records show Jarrard is a 78-year-old recent widower with no criminal history in Florida. Online court records in Lake County list one traffic offense, for failing to obey a traffic control device in 2000. Ten minutes after that crash and 200 yards away but also on Pine Hills Road, another law enforcement officer, Orange County Deputy Nelson Borjas, 46, of Orlando, was involved in a crash that sent him to the hospital with minor injuries, according to the highway patrol. Deputies had been on the lookout for Loyd for weeks because of a murder warrant: He is accused of killing his pregnant 24-year-old girlfriend, Sade Dixon, on Dec. 13 and wounding her 26-year-old brother, Ronald Steward. They were shot at a home on Long Peak Drive. Loyd served 10 years in prison and five years on probation for conspiracy with intent to distribute cocaine, according to federal court records. He was sentenced in 1999 and was released from probation in 2014, according to federal records. Shortly after Monday’s shooting, Orlando City Commissioner Regina Hill identified Clayton as her liaison with the Police Department. “Oh God!!!! Please pray for my OPD Liaison, she’s been shot down in Pinehills,” Hill wrote on Facebook. The last OPD officer killed in the line of duty was Al Gordon, who was shot during a robbery Oct. 4, 2007, the agency reported. Dyer declared Monday an official day of mourning and canceled a City Council meeting. U.S. Attorney General Loretta Lynch said agents with the FBI, Bureau of Alcohol Tobacco and Firearms and U.S. Marshals Office were helping in the search. At the Rosemont apartment complex surrounded by SWAT, Michael Ridenour, 40, said he heard the Sheriff’s Office helicopter overhead about 7:30 a.m. and went outside to see officers with rifles telling residents to stay indoors. “It’s scary,” he said. “I mean if he’s willing to shoot a police officer, he’s willing to shoot anybody.” Discuss Print Posted in Mcclatchy, National and World on Tuesday, January 10, 2017 8:00 am. Updated: 11:07 am. Welcome to the site! Login or Signup below. Login|Signup Not you?|My Dashboard|Register Logout|My Dashboard Enter your summer camp information for The Parent Express' Summer Camp Guide The Sentinel e-Edition Nursing shortage hits home A series of articles on the nursing shortage in the Monadnock Region, by reporter Ethan DeWitt. * indicates required Email Address * First Name * Last Name * Sign up for the Daily Chatter Newsletter Follow us on Facebook Submit your news Submit your news Send us your news tips, letters to the editor, engagement, wedding & birth announcements & more Submit to The Sentinel Most Popular Most Popular Stories Warrant issued for employee accused of embezzling from C&S (0) Police identify man found dead of a gunshot wound in Alstead, rule death a homicide (0) Police investigate suspicious death in Alstead (0) Two men arrested in connection with Brattleboro home invasion (0) Most Popular Photos Most Popular Videos Marketplace The Colonial Theatre Keene, NH 03431 [Map] 603-352-2033 Find Local Businesses Search Sections Home News Sports Entertainment Business Opinion Community Life & Style Photos Videos Online Features Weather Services About Us Contact Us Advertise Place an Ad Subscription Services Submit to the Sentinel Site Index Add Search Toolbar Contact us Submit news, events, letters, etc. SentinelSource.com Phone number: 603-352-1234 E-mail: webmaster@keenesentinel.com Address: 60 West Street Keene, NH 03431 Search Search in: All News Sports Entertainment Life & Style News/obituaries Business Opinion Community Photo Galleries Video © Copyright 2017, SentinelSource.com, Keene, NH. Powered by BLOX Content Management System from TownNews.com. [Terms of Use | Privacy Policy] Screen Name or Email Password Forgot? Remember me on this computer Login Screen Name or Email Now I remember! Need an account? Create one now.
Sections My Edition My Edition home page Home Home page Today's Paper News Top News Breaking News Live blog Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Nation/World Education Health Bizarre News tb-two NIE Weather Politics Politics The Buzz Blog Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida Florida Legislature Business Sports Sports Scores & Stats Bucs Rays Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Obituaries Things to do Things To Do Events Food & Dining Kids Date night Shopping Deal Divas blog Florida travel Movie times Music & concerts Soundcheck blog Arts Stage Search Video Opinion Features Features Good Reads Floridian Magazine Bay magazine Travel Books Parenting Pets Weddings Fashion LifeTimes Comics & Games Entertainment Entertainment news TV & media The Feed blog TV listings Movies Movie times The Juice blog Stuck in the '80s blog Blogs Blogs Bay Buzz Bucs Beat Deal Divas Gadgets & Gizmos Gator Report Lightning Strikes The Heater The Buzz The Feed The State You're In The Gradebook The Juice SoundCheck Stuck in the 80s USF Sports Bulletin TBT Site Map Services Apps Shop Classified Cars Jobs Homes Subscribe now Legal Ads Advertise Press releases Search Overcast70° FULL FORECASTOvercast70° FULL FORECAST Tampa Bay Times Pulitzer Prizes Make us your home page Today's Paper E-Newspaper Search Home My Edition News Politics Sports Things to Do Video Opinion Features & More Breaking news Live blog Business/Finance Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida Education Health Obituaries More Nation Ringling Bros. circus to close in May after 146 years US/World Bizarre news Weather Hurricane guide Special topics Social media Newspaper in Education (NIE) Top News Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Democrats rally across the country to save and expand Obamacare Deputies say teen was accidentally shot in the back in Seminole Thousands attend Bernie Sanders-led rallies to support Obama health law Tampa Bay Frongman Swim raises funds, awareness of fallen SEALs News blogs All Eyes photo blog The Feed (Pop culture & media) Gadgets & Gizmos The Gradebook (Education) Deal Divas LIST OF ALL BLOGS The Buzz blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz blog PolitiFact PolitiFact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Medical marijuana State Roundup FLORIDA GUNS, PART 1: More guns could mean safer citizens, advocates argue Top News Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over tweets, Russia News conferences could be moved out of the White House, Priebus says Trump feud with civil rights icon Lewis could be harbinger of new hyper-partisanship (w/video) Trump-Lewis feud could be harbinger of new round of hyper-partisanship Political writers Adam Smith Steve Bousquet Alex Leary Michael Auslen Jeremy Wallace Scores & stats Rays Evan Longoria Bucs Jameis Winston Lightning Bulls Seminoles Gators HomeTeam Outdoors More TV and Radio Jones: UConn women, Patriots highlight weekend with impressive streaks Rowdies Golf Auto Racing Storm 2015 NFL Draft Meet the Rays videos Evan Longoria Steven Stamkos Top News Lightning's Callahan to miss another four weeks Jones: UConn women, Patriots highlight weekend with impressive streaks Fennelly: Warmer, fuzzier, less crazy (maybe) Tortorella is winning again Emergency NHL goalie: The most unusual 1-day job in sports Competition in outfield can only benefit Rays Sports blogs Bucs Beat The Heater (Rays) Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report LIST OF ALL BLOGS Events Food & dining Top 50 restaurants 2016 Cooking Kids Date night Shopping/Divas Music & concerts Florida travel Stage Arts Movie times The Feed What to watch this weekend: 'The Young Pope,' 'Victoria,' History Channel special on President Obama Top News Sheryl Oring wants to hear your stories for a Tampa International Airport art installation Monster truck drivers visited the Children's Medical Center Review: 'Grounded,' a small production with one actor, delivers a powerful message With attendance flat, Disney brings back Florida resident deal Blogs & Neighborhoods Deal Divas Soundcheck Downtown Tampa South Tampa Ybor City Downtown St. Pete Tarpon Springs South Pinellas Beaches West Pasco MORE NEIGHBORHOODS Editorials & letters Perspective Submit a letter to the editor Editorials Editorial: A fitting end to wet-foot, dry-foot policy for Cubans Top Opinion Samuelson: Obama's (tentative) legacy Leonard Pitts Jr.: Godspeed, Mr. President Brooks: Do markets work in health care? Editorial: A fitting end to wet-foot, dry-foot policy for Cubans Editorial: Finally, equality on Florida birth certificates Columnists Tim Nickens Bill Maxwell Daniel Ruth Sue Carlton John Romano Ernest Hooper Dan DeWitt Features Good reads Entertainment news Floridian magazine Bay magazine Books Travel Pets Parenting Games TV listings Movie times Human Interest At 17, she gave him up and 45 years later, her son called Top News Monster truck drivers visited the Children's Medical Center Bancroft: Book lover Obama has been an inspirational reader in chief Special topics A-Z TOPIC INDEX All Eyes photo blog Social media Worst Charities Scientology LifeTimes Senior Living Guide BLOG INDEX SITE MAP CONTACT US Breaking news Live blog Weather Obituaries Business Pinellas Hillsborough Pasco Hernando Florida US/World Education Health Bizarre Blogs Buzz Blog 2016 Campaign Bay Buzz Blog Politifact Politifact Florida PunditFact Florida Legislature Scores/stats Rays Bucs Lightning UF FSU USF High School Golf Outdoors Auto Racing Rowdies Storm Bucs Beat The Heater Lightning Strikes USF Sports Bulletin Sunshine State Report Features Good Reads Entertainment Floridian magazine Bay magazine Special Topics Blogs Site Map Food & Dining Kids Events Date Night Deals & Shopping FL Travel Movies Movie Times Music & Shows Arts Stage OnScene Videos Neighborhoods Blogs Travel Books Relationships Pets Weddings Fashion Pop Culture LifeTimes Senior Living Guide TV & Media The Feed TV listings Movies Movie Times Juice Stuck in the '80s Home News Photos Scoreboard Teams Blog Video Recruiting Standings Leaders Hillsborough crime reports South and Central Tampa Brandon and South Shore Northwest Hillsborough and New Tampa Pinellas crime reports St. Pete Times Clearwater & North Pinellas Pasco things to do Hernando crime reports Hernando things to do Finance and Markets Deals and Shopping Cooking Recipes Restaurants Bars & Spirits Craft Beer Taste Test Sign up for DayStarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Morning Watch: Manhunt continues in Orlando while city mourns deaths of law enforcement officers Times staff Tampa Bay Times Tuesday, January 10, 2017 8:56am Print 0 My Edition I want to see more articles tagged I'm already following articles tagged Here's what's new around the bay area this morning. Related News/Archive Manhunt continues; Orlando mourns deaths of law enforcement officers (w/video) 5 Days Ago Manhunt for suspect in Orlando officer's slaying expands to Haines City 2 Days Ago Manhunt ongoing in Orlando police officer's fatal shooting; deputy killed in crash during search 6 Days Ago MANHUNT CONTINUES; ORLANDO MOURNS DEATHS OF LAW ENFORCEMENT OFFICERS Law enforcement officers in Orlando were engaged in a massive manhunt early Tuesday morning for a man accused of fatally shooting a police officer who approached him outside a Wal-Mart. The manhunt itself has led to the death of a sheriff's deputy in a traffic accident and the injury of another officer. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, was killed outside the Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando early Monday, and Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis was killed more than two hours later in a crash while responding to a manhunt for Markeith Loyd, 41. PRESIDENT OBAMA HEADS HOME TO CHICAGO TO SAY FAREWELL TO THE NATION For President Barack Obama, Chicago remains a potent mix of his past and his future, and on Tuesday night he will return to lay down a critical mile marker of his presidency, seeking to address both the past and the future. The president will make his final case for why the change he promised in 2008 is a reality that will continue to unfold despite the battering his party suffered in the November elections. FORECAST: COOL START, BUT WARMING TREND CONTINUES ACROSS TAMPA BAY A much warmer week is ahead for Tampa Bay as temperatures continue to rise following last weekend's cold snap. While Tuesday morning starts off cool, with temperatures in the 50s, conditions quickly warm back up to the low to mid 70s by the afternoon, according to 10Weather WTSP meteorologist Ashley Batey. JEB BUSH MAKES CASE FOR TRUMP'S EDUCATION SECRETARY PICK Jeb Bush is making a push for Donald Trump's choice to run the Department of Education, arguing Betsy DeVos will be an advocate for school choice. Bush writes in a letter to leaders of the Senate's Health, Education, Labor and Pensions Committee that he has known DeVos for more than 20 years — in recent years she has served on the board of Bush's Foundation for Excellence in Education — and that DeVos "has become the voice of mothers and fathers who for too long have lacked one in America's education system." BAKER'S DOZEN: WRAPPING UP A THRILLING COLLEGE FOOTBALL SEASON [Joe Robbins | Getty Images] Jauan Jennings of the Tennessee Volunteers runs into the end zone with a 67-yard touchdown reception against the Florida Gators in the fourth quarter at Neyland Stadium on September 24, 2016 in Knoxville, Tennessee. Tennessee defeated Florida 38-28. With the college football season (sadly) over, Matt Baker looks back at another thrilling year. Here are his favorite moments, games and memories from a season that ended with Monday's College Football Playoff national title game at Raymond James Stadium. HOMETEAM 25: GIRLS BASKETBALL RANKINGS Which is the top girls baskeball team in Tampa Bay? Rodney Page offers his rankings. CLUB, DRINKS BAR AT HERNANDO LOSER ARE ALL ABOUT NUTRITION Losing never tasted so good or served up so many rewards as at Hernando Loser, a nutrition club retailer that's enjoying a typical New Year's resolution rush to healthier eating. spreading the healthy lifestyle word and welcoming the public in for a taste. FOOD HACK: HOW TO EASILY AND QUICKLY PEEL GARLIC Check out this video, showing a fun way to peel garlic in less than 10 seconds. Friends and colleagues console each other after the body of an unidentified OCSO deputy was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed while responding to the fatal shooting of an Orlando Police officer in Orlando, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. [Joe Burbank | Orlando Sentinel via AP] Morning Watch: Manhunt continues in Orlando while city mourns deaths of law enforcement officers 01/10/17 [Last modified: Tuesday, January 10, 2017 8:58am] Photo reprints | Article reprints © 2017 Tampa Bay Times      Abuse Policy Commenting Guidelines Join the discussion: Click to view comments, add yours Loading... Sign up for Daystarter Today’s top headlines delivered to you daily. (View our Privacy Policy) Today's top stats Video Search Archives Search page Site map Index of site pages Subscribe Subscribe Renew Customer service E-Newspaper Subscribe Subscriber sign-in Contact us Directory Email Customer Service Call Customer Service: 1-800-888-7012 Email newsletters Sign up Text alerts Sign up Advertise with us Place an ad Market info Media kit Find Cars on AutoTrader.com Join us About us Times jobs | Internships Deliver the paper Times-sponsored events Click here for a directory of all Times consumer shows Tampa Bay Times Fund Inc. Grants Scholarships Times brand merchandise Purchase photos Reprints and licensing Online store Home News Politics Sports Things To Do Video Opinion Classifieds Cars Jobs Homes Legal Ads Shop © 2016 All Rights Reserved Tampa Bay Times 490 First Avenue South St. Petersburg, FL 33701 727-893-8111 Contact Us RSS Privacy Policy Standard of Accuracy Terms, Conditions & Copyright
Sections Search the print archives Sections This copy is for your personal non-commercial use only. To order presentation-ready copies of Toronto Star content for distribution to colleagues, clients or customers, or inquire about permissions/licensing, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com News World Orlando authorities raise reward for capture of suspect in fatal shooting of officer ‘We will track him down to the ends of the Earth,’ said an official after a police officer was fatally shot outside a Walmart and a sheriff’s deputy died during the manhunt. ▶ An Orlando police officer has died following a shooting while on duty early Monday, and a second officer died during the manhunt for the suspect. (Associated Press ) By Mike SchneiderThe Associated Press Terrance HarrisThe Associated Press Tues., Jan. 10, 2017 ORLANDO, FLA.—Authorities increased the reward for information leading to the arrest of a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police sergeant on Tuesday to $100,000. The suspect eluded hundreds of officers on the second day of a massive manhunt. Authorities advised that arrest warrants were being prepared for people who may have helped 41-year-old Markeith Loyd evade deputies in the past month as they searched for him for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot Monday morning after she approached Loyd in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando. Many of her colleagues immediately joined the pursuit; among them was a sheriff’s deputy who died when he was thrown from his motorcycle in an accident. More than 300 tips from the public have been made, said Barb Bergin, executive director of Crimeline, the tip-line service which is offering the reward, originally set for $60,000. “We have never burned or harmed a tipster. They are kept anonymous,” Bergin said in a plea for more tips. “We will not identify you. We just need to know where he is so no one else is hurt.” Article Continued Below Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputies in metro Orlando had been looking for Loyd since his ex-girlfriend was murdered last December. Law enforcement officers hug as other officers, not seen, escort the body of the Orange County deputy that died in the line of duty on Monday in Orlando, Fla. The Orlando Police Department announced the death of Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on its official Twitter account Monday morning.  (Jacob Langston / AP)   “Certainly it’s upsetting he was out and about and killed Debra Clayton, our first homicide in the city of Orlando this year, one of the officers protecting our community,” said Mina. Master Sergeant Debra Clayton died after confronting and being shot by a suspected murderer, triggering a manhunt in which a county sheriff died in a motorcycle crash. Sergeant Debra Clayton, a mother of two, was fatally shot early Monday morning.  (City of Orlando /AFP/GETTY IMAGES)   Orlando Police confirmed that Clayton was one of the officers who responded to the shooting at Pulse nightclub in which 49 patrons were killed. Last June’s massacre in Orlando was the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Clayton, who was married and has a college-aged son, also was known for her mentoring of young people and her involvement in the community in which she had grown up. In the Wal-Mart parking lot Tuesday morning, shoppers laid more than two dozen bouquets of flowers, teddy bears and candles in a makeshift memorial. Some shoppers, like Hal Shore, stopped to say a prayer or take a photo. “It’s important that the country is aware that there is a war against police officers,” said Shore, a cabinet maker. An apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt Monday afternoon didn’t appear to have any police searches going on Tuesday morning. Some front doors were boarded up from being kicked in Monday because residents weren’t home when authorities came knocking. “I’m confident he is gone,” said Ida Seck, a resident who had worked with Clayton in her job as a security officer at Universal Orlando Resort. “For things like this to happen, yeah I’m scared for safety and my son’s safety but really there is nothing you can do.” Court documents show Loyd’s criminal record goes back two decades. He was arrested in 1996 on a murder charge that was later dropped. Loyd was arrested for battery on an officer in 1998 and sentenced to more than four years in prison. While behind bars, he pleaded guilty to cocaine possession from a prior case and was transferred to federal prison before being released in July 2014, according to federal records. More recently, his wife whom he is in the process of divorcing, had filed a request for a temporary injunction against him in 2015, and he followed with a similar request against her three days later. Both requests were eventually dismissed in court. He also had paternity suits from three different women filed against him. His Facebook profile had videos of him working out at a gym and hanging out at a nightclub. He said in a November post, “Goals!!!! To be on Americas (sic) most wanted,” followed by a series of laughing-with-tears emojis. An Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputy was killed more than two hours after Monday’s shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings described the 35-year-old Norman Lewis as “a gentle giant,” and the sheriff’s office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. Law enforcement officers escort the body of Sheriff’s Office Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis, who was killed more than two hours later in a crash while responding to a manhunt for Markeith Loyd, 41.   (Jacob Langston/AP)   Funerals are planned for Lewis for Friday and Clayton for Saturday. The Morning Headlines NewsletterDelivered daily to your inbox. Sign up More from the Toronto Star & Partners LOADING                                                                                           LOADING                                         Copyright owned or licensed by Toronto Star Newspapers Limited. All rights reserved. Republication or distribution of this content is expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Toronto Star Newspapers Limited and/or its licensors. To order copies of Toronto Star articles, please go to: www.TorontoStarReprints.com 1°Close Home Latest News Video GTA Blogs Drowned fox encased in ice block pulled from Germany’s Danube River A German hunter extracted the fox from the river and put it on display as a warning of the icy river’s dangers. News GTA City Hall Queen’s Park Canada World Investigations Crime Business Economy Personal Finance Real Estate Your Toronto Schools The Fixer Life Fashion & Style Food & Wine Health & Wellness Homes Parent Technology Travel Sports Amateur Baseball Basketball Blue Jays Curling Football Golf Hockey Lacrosse Leafs Olympics Raptors Soccer Tennis Opinion Commentary Corrections Editorials Editorial Cartoon Public Editor Reader's Letters Entertainment Books Movies Music Stage Television Visual Arts Diversions Horoscopes Crosswords Sudoku Comics Wheels.ca Special Features Obituaries Classifieds TV Listings Hot Topics: World Juniors Deadly Streets Held Hostage Canada 150 Donald Trump Weather Blog Follow us: Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram RSS Manage NewslettersSite Map About Contact Us Feedback thestar.com Feedback Site Map Newsletters Insurance Hotline New in Homes Star Store Corrections Behavioural Targeting Today's News Flyers CanadaStays Contests Toronto Star Newspaper Ltd. About Atkinson Principles Statement of Principles Get Home Delivery My Subscription Contact Us Contact Webmaster FAQ News Releases Star Internships Careers @ the Star Star Advisers Star ePaper Star Touch Reprint and License Advertising Advertise with Us Advertising Terms Special Features Initiatives Santa Claus Fund Fresh Air Fund Speakers Bureau Classroom Connection Toronto Star Archives Report on Community Giving © Copyright Toronto Star Newspapers Ltd. 1996 - 2017 Privacy Policy Terms and Conditions
Reward raised for capture of suspect in officer killing - Tucson News Now Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY HOME Military holiday greetings My Tucson Home Flight tracker Arizona Politics Border News Business Traffic map Watch Tucson News Now Special Reports See it, Snap it, Send it Education Visit our tax guide In Southern Arizona News Crime & Courts Live CBS Video Great Things Happen Here Fighting The Flu Border News Terrorism around the world Noticias KOLD 13 Mass shootings in the U.S. National Weather Weather main page Interactive Radar Science news Live cams Traffic map Flight Tracker Team Bios Text and Email alerts Hurricanes Wildfires Sports Wildcats Basketball Arizona Wildcats Basketball UA Sports UA Football AG's Wildcat Report Tucson Roadrunners Overtime FC Tucson El Tour de Tucson Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Auto Racing College Sports News Video News Videos main page Live CBS Video Right This Minute Video Coverage TV Watch Tucson News Now Watch CBS Shows TV Schedule On-air schedule MeTV GRIT TV CRIME WATCH DAILY Watch My Fox Shows ENTERTAINMENT TONIGHT Watch My Network TV Shows What's For Lunch? Community Military holiday greetings See it, Snap it, Send it Fresh Bites Business Announcements Lifestyle Speaker Request Pet Connection Pet Pals Events Discover Arizona Teacher Tributes About Us Contact Us Speaker Request Reporters and Anchors KOLD-TV jobs Raycom Media jobs KMSB-TV Jobs Digital Sales CONTESTS Health Health main page Komen - Health Connection Zika virus Sex & Relationships Marketplace Reward raised for capture of suspect in officer killing 2017-01-11T00:23:01Z2017-01-11T00:23:01Z (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP). Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP). Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP). Friends and colleagues console each other after the body of an unidentified OCSO deputy was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP). Florida Highway Patrol Troopers secure the scene after Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was struck and killed by a vehicle in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP). Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. By MIKE SCHNEIDER and TERRANCE HARRIS Associated Press ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) - Authorities raised to $100,000 the reward for information leading to the arrest of a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police sergeant on Tuesday as he eluded hundreds of officers on the second day of a massive manhunt. Authorities advised that arrest warrants were being prepared for people who may have helped 41-year-old Markeith Loyd evade deputies in the past month as they searched for him for questioning in the slaying of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot Monday morning after she approached Loyd in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando. Many of her colleagues immediately joined the pursuit; among them was a sheriff's deputy who died when he was thrown from his motorcycle in an accident. More than 300 tips from the public have been made, said Barb Bergin, executive director of Crimeline, the tip-line service which is offering the reward, originally set for $60,000. "We have never burned or harmed a tipster. They are kept anonymous," Bergin said in a plea for more tips. "We will not identify you. We just need to know where he is so no one else is hurt." Orange County Sheriff's Office deputies in metro Orlando had been looking for Loyd since his ex-girlfriend was killed. "Certainly it's upsetting he was out and about and killed Debra Clayton, our first homicide in the city of Orlando this year, one of the officers protecting our community," said Mina. Orlando Police confirmed that Clayton was one of the officers who responded to the shooting at Pulse nightclub in which 49 patrons were killed. Last June's massacre in Orlando was the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Clayton, who was married and has a college-aged son, also was known for her mentoring of young people and her involvement in the community in which she had grown up. In the Wal-Mart parking lot Tuesday morning, shoppers laid more than two dozen bouquets of flowers, teddy bears and candles in a makeshift memorial. Some shoppers, like Hal Shore, stopped to say a prayer or take a photo. "It's important that the country is aware that there is a war against police officers," said Shore, a cabinet maker. An apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt Monday afternoon didn't appear to have any police searches going on Tuesday morning. Some front doors were boarded up from being kicked in Monday because residents weren't home when authorities came knocking. "I'm confident he is gone," said Ida Seck, a resident who had worked with Clayton in her job as a security officer at Universal Orlando Resort. "For things like this to happen, yeah I'm scared for safety and my son's safety but really there is nothing you can do." Court documents show Loyd's criminal record goes back two decades. He was arrested in 1996 on a murder charge that was later dropped. Loyd was arrested for battery on an officer in 1998 and sentenced to more than four years in prison. While behind bars, he pleaded guilty to cocaine possession from a prior case and was transferred to federal prison before being released in July 2014, according to federal records. More recently, his wife whom he is in the process of divorcing, had filed a request for a temporary injunction against him in 2015, and he followed with a similar request against her three days later. Both requests were eventually dismissed in court. He also had paternity suits from three different women filed against him. His Facebook profile had videos of him working out at a gym and hanging out at a nightclub. He said in a November post, "Goals!!!! To be on Americas (sic) most wanted," followed by a series of laughing-with-tears emojis. An Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy was killed more than two hours after Monday's shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings described the 35-year-old Norman Lewis as "a gentle giant," and the sheriff's office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. Funerals were planned for Lewis for Friday and Clayton for Saturday. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. AP National News VideoMore>> Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs Trump raises millions to cover inauguration's steep costs The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real money The inauguration of a new president requires the recitation of a 35-word oath, but when you add some hoopla and glitz, you're talking about real money US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions US gov't accuses Fiat Chrysler of cheating on emissions The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act The U.S. government is accusing Fiat Chrysler of failing to disclose software in some of its pickups and SUVs with diesel engines that allows them to emit more pollution than allowed under the Clean Air Act Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom Obama awards Biden Presidential Medal of Freedom President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom President Barack Obama is awarding Vice President Joe Biden the Presidential Medal of Freedom Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing Baltimore reaches agreement with US to reform policing The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal government The Baltimore police department committed to a sweeping overhaul of its practices Thursday under a court-enforceable agreement with the federal government Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators voice little opposition to Mattis as defense chief Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the... Senators signaled little opposition Tuesday to the nomination of James Mattis to be defense secretary, as national security experts recommended lawmakers amend the law and allow the retired Marine Corps general to head the...    NationalMore>> Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands rally to resist Republican health law repeal drive Thousands of people are showing up for a rally in suburban Detroit where U.S. Sen. Bernie Sanders will speak in support of President Barack Obama's signature health care law. Thousands of people showed up in freezing temperatures on Sunday in Michigan to hear Sen. Bernie Sanders denounce Republican efforts to repeal President Barack Obama's health care law, one of dozens of rallies... PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:17 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 7:56 PM EST2017-01-16 00:56:17 GMT PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said. PBS is waiting, but not quietly, to see what the Trump administration's impact on public broadcasting and its federal funding may be, PBS chief executive Paula Kerger said. 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol 3 Nevada Democrats want ex-senator statue out of US Capitol Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,... Three Democratic congressional representatives are asking state lawmakers to act to remove a statue of former Nevada senator from the U.S. Capitol's Statuary Hall, alleging that he left a "legacy of racism,... Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:07 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 3:26 PM EST2017-01-15 20:26:07 GMT Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze. Reaction to news that the Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus was closing after 146 years - from saddened celebrities to elated animal rights advocates - flew as fast as a flying trapeze. Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Chicago police officer fatally shoots fleeing gunman Posted: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:59 GMT Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 12:15 PM EST2017-01-15 17:15:59 GMT A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said. A police officer confronted by a fleeing gunman suspected of shooting three people fatally shot the man early Sunday, Chicago police said.    Can't Find Something? KOLD FCC Public File jhengemuehler@tucsonnewsnow.com (520) 744-1313 EEO Report Closed Captioning KMSB FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning KTTU FCC Public File rengberg@kmsb.com (520) 770-5442 EEO Report Closed Captioning 7831 N. Business Park Drive Tucson, AZ 85743 (520) 744-1313 Texas News Now All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Raycom Media. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
Manage My Subscription Subscribe eEdition Delivery Status Contact Us Loading... Sunday / January 15, 2017 MENU Serving Eau Claire, Wisconsin, and surrounding communities Contests Quizzes Ask the Experts Weather Magazines Mobile FAQs General Store NIE News Obits OBITS DEATH NOTICES SUBMISSIONS Sports Opinion Business Entertainment Features Celebrations Magazines Media PHOTOS VIDEOS COUPON BONANZA Classifieds PLACE AN AD THRIFT SALE MAP Jobs Coupons Weather Loading Join Our Mailing List EMAIL home / news / daily updates Orlando mourns deaths of two officers Orlando's law enforcement community is mourning the death of two officers amid the search for a suspect posted Jan. 10, 2017 7:01 a.m. (CDT) email article print font size - + by / MIKE SCHNEIDER Associated Press Stephen M. Dowell | Enlarge - Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Stephen M. Dowell | Enlarge - Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Joe Burbank | Enlarge - Friends and colleagues console each other after the body of an unidentified OCSO deputy was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed while responding to the fatal shooting of an Orlando Police officer in Orlando, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Red Huber | Enlarge - Florida Highway Patrol Troopers secure the scene after Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was struck and killed by a vehicle in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in the crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Joe Burbank | Enlarge - Orange County sheriff deputies salute as the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in the line of duty in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Law enforcement officers in Orlando were engaged in a massive manhunt early Tuesday for a man accused of fatally shooting a police officer who approached him outside a Wal-Mart. The manhunt itself has led to the death of a sheriff’s deputy in a traffic accident and the injury of another officer. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, was killed outside the Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando early Monday, and Orange County Sheriff’s Office Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis was killed more than two hours later in a crash while responding to a manhunt for Markeith Loyd, 41. Another Orlando police officer was involved in a crash while responding to the shooting but had only minor injuries. Authorities said Loyd previously was a suspect in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. A massive manhunt involving hundreds of officers was conducted all day Monday as they searched for Loyd in dozens of homes, displacing some residents of a northwest Orlando apartment complex and tying up traffic. “He should be considered armed and dangerous,” Police Chief John Mina said. Later in the day, the chief said, “It doesn’t matter where he is. We will track him down to the ends of the Earth.” Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said deputies had been searching unsuccessfully for Loyd for several weeks since the fatal shooting of his ex-girlfriend and believe he was receiving help from someone. Mina lauded Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the force, as a committed officer and a hero who gave her life to the community she loves. The Orlando Police Department said in a tweet that Clayton always had a smile and a high five for every child she came across. Clayton had grown up in the Orlando area and was active in programs that mentored young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” Mina said. Clayton was a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and she previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. “She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,” Rolon said. She was married and had a college-age son. Police released a video of Clayton’s body being taken out of the hospital to a waiting van in a flag-covered stretcher. A line of officers saluted as the stretcher was wheeled out. The apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt and shooting in northwest Orlando was nowhere near Orlando’s tourism corridor in the southern part of the metro area. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared a day of mourning in the city. While at the Wal-Mart on Monday morning, Clayton was tipped off by someone that Loyd was in the area. When she approached him, he fired multiple shots at Clayton, who was wearing body armor, Mina said. Clayton returned fire but didn’t hit him, he said. Sheriff’s officials said a deputy spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle. The suspect pulled into a nearby apartment complex and then fired at a deputy, striking the deputy’s SUV twice. The deputy wasn’t harmed, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle, drove away and then abandoned the vehicle not far away, according to the sheriff’s office. The Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputy was killed more than two hours after the shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Demings described the 35-year-old Lewis as “a gentle giant,” and the sheriff’s office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. Email this: Orlando mourns deaths of two officers | Eau Claire Leader-Telegram Your Name: Your e-mail: Recipient(s) Name: Recipient(s) e-mail: *Separate multiple addresses with a comma Comments: (optional) Send Clear Recommended Man found dead in carbon monoxide-filled house Occupants escape safely in Germania Street house fire The bald and the bold: Eagles' resurgence comes at a price Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Wisconsin DNR chief urges against breakup of her agency Trump unleashes Twitter attack against civil rights legend John Lewis Snowmobiler dies in crash with SUV Wisconsin DNR chief urges against breakup of her agency Secret WWI 'Zimmerman Telegram' holds lessons for today, historians say House Dems press FBI on Russia, possible link to Trump camp Xtras e-Edition Manage My Account New Subscriptions Magazines Delivery Coupon Bonanza Churches Submissions Most Read Mom’s drug use around her three kids results in probation Man charged for death of Saudi student in Menomonie Residents escape inferno on Germania Street Repeat drunken driver jailed Trump time comes for area Republicans heading to D.C. inauguration More... Go to Top News Front Page Politics Local Daily Updates State National/World Crime Offbeat Blogs Public Notices Sports Preps Golf Racing Daily Updates Local Colleges Community Blogs NFL MLB NBA NHL Obits Obituaries Death Notices Submissions Opinions Editorials Letters to Editor From Our Files Submissions Business Local Business From the Wire Entertainment Local Entertainment Celebrity News Blogs Calendar TV Listings Sudoku Crosswords Features Lifestyles Home & Garden Getting Out Food Food Inspections Health Travel Religion On Campus Celebrations Weddings Engagements Anniversaries Births Five Generations Submissions Join Our Mailing List EMAIL © 2017 Leader-Telegram, Eau Claire, WI. All rights reserved. 701 S. Farwell St., Eau Claire, WI 54701 / 715.833.9200
null
Home About/Contact Columnists Privacy Policy   Headlines Politics Nation World Issues Economy Finance Wal-Mart Stores Inc - Get News & Ratings Daily Enter your email address below to get the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc with our FREE daily email newsletter: Follow DailyPolitical     Latest News Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Cuts Stake in Southwestern Energy Company (SWN) Qiagen N.V. (QGEN) Stake Maintained by Canada Pension Plan Investment Board Sharkey Howes & Javer Has $125,000 Stake in Pepsico, Inc. (PEP) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Rigel Pharmaceuticals, Inc. (RIGL) Orinda Asset Management LLC Takes Position in Facebook, Inc. (FB) Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Maintains Position in Salesforce.com Inc (CRM) The Travelers Companies, Inc. (TRV) Stake Maintained by Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Rockefeller Financial Services Inc. Has $134,000 Position in Johnson Controls International PLC (JCI) Aperio Group LLC Boosts Stake in National CineMedia, Inc. (NCMI) Oramed Pharmaceuticals Inc. (ORMP) Shares Bought by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Stonegate Bank (SGBK) Position Increased by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. HD Supply Holdings, Inc. (HDS) Shares Sold by PNC Financial Services Group Inc. PNC Financial Services Group Inc. Acquires 126 Shares of Signature Bank (SBNY) US Bancorp DE Has $175,000 Stake in Avangrid, Inc. (AGR) Fortinet, Inc. (FTNT) Stake Maintained by DekaBank Deutsche Girozentrale PAREXEL International Corporation (PRXL) Position Lowered by Advisor Group Inc. Advisor Group Inc. Raises Position in Callon Petroleum Company (CPE) US Bancorp DE Purchases 444 Shares of Terex Corporation (TEX) California Public Employees Retirement System Has $192,000 Position in Perceptron, Inc. (PRCP) California Public Employees Retirement System Holds Stake in IEC Electronics (IEC) Research Analysts’ Weekly Ratings Updates for Wal-Mart Stores (WMT) January 10th, 2017 - 0 comments - Filed Under - by Patrick Bannon Filed Under: Analyst Articles - Company Sum - Finance Tweet Several analysts have recently updated their ratings and price targets for Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE: WMT): 12/29/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at MKM Partners. They now have a $72.00 price target on the stock. 12/28/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores had its “outperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Cowen and Company. 12/28/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores had its “hold” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Deutsche Bank AG. They now have a $75.00 price target on the stock. 12/28/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Guggenheim. 12/28/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores had its “buy” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Jefferies Group. They now have a $86.00 price target on the stock. 12/28/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at KeyCorp. They now have a $90.00 price target on the stock. 12/28/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Piper Jaffray Companies. 12/26/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $74.70 price target on the stock. 12/20/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores had its “neutral” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Instinet. They now have a $81.00 price target on the stock. 12/19/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was upgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “hold” rating to a “buy” rating. They now have a $73.85 price target on the stock. 12/13/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was downgraded by analysts at Vetr from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. They now have a $73.85 price target on the stock. 12/6/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating. According to Zacks, “Though the company is facing a number of headwinds, estimates and share price of Wal-Mart has been rising since the company reported its third-quarter fiscal 2017 results. Wal-Mart posted positive earnings streak for the fifth consecutive quarter, but top-line marginally fell short of expectations after surpassing the same in the preceding two quarters, possibly due to deflationary pressure hurting comparable store sales. We also noted that while total revenues increased slightly, earnings per share declined year over year, as unfavorable currency and higher investments in wages and e-commerce activities took a toll on the results. Nevertheless, Wal-Mart is focused on its building its e-commerce capabilities, foraying into new markets, expanding product assortments and implementing innovative ways to drive traffic.” 11/29/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was upgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “sell” rating to a “hold” rating. According to Zacks, “Estimates have been revised downward as Wal-Mart’s third quarter fiscal 2017 top-line marginally fell short of expectations after surpassing the same in the preceding two quarters.  Though total revenues increased slightly, earnings per share declined year over year but came within the company’s guided range. The company has narrowed its fiscal 2017 guidance to reflect the impact of the gain from the sale of Yihaodian in China. Decline in international revenues has been a major concern for Wal-Mart for quite some time now. Moreover, stiff competition from both brick & mortar and online retailers, and foreign currency headwinds pose as concerns. Nevertheless, Wal-Mart is aggressively expanding its E-commerce platform, foraying into new markets, expanding product assortments and implementing innovative ways to drive traffic.” 11/22/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was downgraded by analysts at Zacks Investment Research from a “hold” rating to a “sell” rating. According to Zacks, “Wal-Mart reported mixed quarterly numbers for third-quarter fiscal 2017, wherein earnings beat the Zacks Consensus Estimate while revenues missed the same. The top line succumbed to a negative surprise after beating estimates in the trailing two quarters. Decline in international revenues has been  a major concern for Wal-Mart for quite some time now. In the first and second quarters of fiscal 2017, international revenues declined 7.2% and 6.6%, respectively. In third-quarter fiscal 2017, segment net sales, including fuel sales, dropped 4.8% year over year to $28.4 billion. Nevertheless, Wal-Mart is focused on its building its e-commerce capabilities, as evident from its recent deal with JD.com in China. In fact, Wal-Mart is aggressively foraying into e-commerce in China with an aim to deliver goods from its stores around the world to Chinese consumers within hours. The Jet.com acquisition in the U.S. also fuelled growth.” 11/21/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was given a new $81.00 price target on by analysts at Nomura. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 11/19/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores had its “underperform” rating reaffirmed by analysts at BMO Capital Markets. They now have a $72.80 price target on the stock. 11/19/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was given a new $80.00 price target on by analysts at Credit Suisse Group. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 11/19/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was given a new $80.00 price target on by analysts at Robert W. Baird. They now have a “buy” rating on the stock. 11/18/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores had its price target lowered by analysts at Telsey Advisory Group from $76.00 to $73.00. They now have a “market perform” rating on the stock. 11/18/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was given a new $72.00 price target on by analysts at RBC Capital Markets. They now have a “sell” rating on the stock. 11/18/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was given a new $73.00 price target on by analysts at Goldman Sachs Group, Inc. (The). They now have a “neutral” rating on the stock. 11/17/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores was downgraded by analysts at TheStreet from a “buy” rating to a “hold” rating. 11/13/2016 – Wal-Mart Stores had its “overweight” rating reaffirmed by analysts at Barclays PLC. They now have a $82.00 price target on the stock. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE:WMT) opened at 68.71 on Tuesday. The stock has a market cap of $211.16 billion, a price-to-earnings ratio of 14.90 and a beta of 0.10. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. has a one year low of $60.20 and a one year high of $75.19. The firm’s 50 day moving average price is $70.28 and its 200 day moving average price is $71.34. Wal-Mart Stores (NYSE:WMT) last posted its earnings results on Thursday, November 17th. The retailer reported $0.98 earnings per share for the quarter, beating the Thomson Reuters’ consensus estimate of $0.96 by $0.02. The business had revenue of $118.20 billion for the quarter, compared to analyst estimates of $118.69 billion. Wal-Mart Stores had a net margin of 2.98% and a return on equity of 17.71%. The business’s quarterly revenue was up .5% on a year-over-year basis. During the same quarter in the previous year, the business posted $1.03 EPS. Equities analysts forecast that Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. will post $4.32 earnings per share for the current year. In other Wal-Mart Stores news, CEO C Douglas Mcmillon sold 75,063 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Monday, November 21st. The shares were sold at an average price of $69.08, for a total value of $5,185,352.04. The sale was disclosed in a document filed with the SEC, which is available at this link. Also, insider Rosalind G. Brewer sold 32,350 shares of the business’s stock in a transaction on Thursday, January 5th. The stock was sold at an average price of $68.32, for a total transaction of $2,210,152.00. Following the completion of the transaction, the insider now owns 245,328 shares in the company, valued at approximately $16,760,808.96. The disclosure for this sale can be found here. Corporate insiders own 51.55% of the company’s stock. Wal-Mart Stores, Inc is engaged in the operation of retail, wholesale and other units in various formats around the world. The Company offers an assortment of merchandise and services at everyday low prices (EDLP). The Company operates through three segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International and Sam’s Club. Receive News & Ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc Daily - Enter your email address below to receive a concise daily summary of the latest news and analysts' ratings for Wal-Mart Stores Inc and related companies with MarketBeat.com's FREE daily email newsletter.  Comment on this Post Click here to cancel reply. Name (required) Mail (will not be published) (required) Website Wordpress Hashcash needs javascript to work, but your browser has javascript disabled. Your comment will be deleted! Latest News Wet Foot, Dry Foot Policy Ends for Cubans Confirmation Hearing of Senator Sessions Has Controversial Moments Golden Globe Award Winner Meryl Streep Blasts President-Elect Donald Trump to Receive Election Hacking Classified Report House GOP Members Back Down on Congressional Ethics Changes © DailyPolitical, LLC 2009-2017. All rights reserved. Privacy Policy | About | Columnists | Contact
News Local Oil & Gas National Sports World Entertainment Business Breaking News Alerts News Tips About Us Contact Us Advertise with Us Local Sports Entertainment Oil & Gas National Loading articles... Police accuse 2 of helping fugitive before officer's killing World by Mike Schneider, The Associated Press Posted Jan 10, 2017 4:12 am MST Last Updated Jan 12, 2017 at 8:40 am MST Sarah Harvey says a prayer at a makeshift memorial, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., at the parking lot of a Wal-Mart where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) ORLANDO, Fla. – Police leading a massive manhunt for the suspected killer of an Orlando officer on Wednesday collected hundreds of tips and announced the arrests of two people who allegedly aided the fugitive, promising to reward anyone who turns him in, and punish anyone who helps him hide. Court records show that Markeith Loyd’s niece, 27-year-old Lakensha Smith-Loyd, was arrested on an accessory charge Wednesday, a day after the fugitive’s supervisor at a fried chicken restaurant, Zarghee Mayan, was arrested on the same charge. Mayan’s arrest affidavit said Smith-Loyd collected money from him to give to her uncle in the days after the slaying of his ex-girlfriend in mid-December. Smith-Loyd’s affidavit says she contacted deputies after the ex-girlfriend’s murder and promised to help them find her uncle if they first told her whether a firearm had been recovered from the murder scene. Then she stopped co-operating even as she contacted others on her uncle’s behalf, the affidavit said. Mayan is accused of supplying restaurant food to his former co-worker, driving him around and offering him money, despite knowing he was wanted in the slaying his pregnant ex-girlfriend, the affidavit said. “Mayan did so with the intent that Markeith Demangzlo Loyd avoid or escape detection, arrest, trial or punishment,” the arrest affidavit said. Mayan told authorities his most recent encounter with Loyd was last Saturday, two days before Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Mayan said he noticed that Loyd was armed and wearing body armour when they embraced, according to his arrest affidavit. During another encounter, right after Loyd’s ex-girlfriend was killed in mid-December, Mayan said Loyd came into the restaurant with a gun, pointed at Mayan and said, “‘Drive me or I will kill you, I just did something real bad,'” the affidavit said. Mayan said he drove Loyd to several locations, including the home of Loyd’s estranged wife, where Loyd told him to knock on the door. Mayan said he only walked to the door without knocking because he was afraid Lloyd would shoot her, according to the affidavit, which noted that Mayan told conflicting stories about his encounters with Loyd. The 41-year-old ex-convict has been the focus of a massive manhunt involving hundreds of officers and deputies since Monday’s shooting. More than 500 tips have come in from the public, which authorities believe may be particularly important, since others may be helping him hide. “If you know where he is at and you call us 3 o’clock in the morning, 3 o’clock in the afternoon, we will have people prepared to dispatch and go capture him,” said Barb Bergin, executive director of the local Crimeline. Orlando Police Chief John Mina, meanwhile has warned that anyone helping Loyd “will be put behind bars and brought to justice as well.” Mayan, 33, was arrested Tuesday by Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputies on a charge of accessory after the fact. Jail records show no bond had been set, and court records showed no name of a defence attorney listed for him. Mina said federal, state and local authorities were taking part in the manhunt. Mina wouldn’t give details about search tactics but he said law enforcement agencies in Florida and around the nation are on alert. “There are many things going on behind the scenes that our community is not aware of and that we are not at liberty to discuss,” Mina said. After Clayton was shot, many of her colleagues immediately joined the pursuit; among them was a sheriff’s Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, who died when he was thrown from his motorcycle in an accident. Funerals were planned for Lewis for Friday and Clayton for Saturday. Next Story Movie Trailers January 13, 2017 to January 19, 2017 Landmark 6, 10015 Manning Ave. PH:791-6610 Landmark Cinemas Landmark Cinemas Fort McMurray   Monster Trucks (PG) 3D 10:10pm Live By Night (14A) 3:30pm / 6:30pm / 10:00pm Underworld: Blood Wars 3D 9:40pm 3:45pm / 6:15pm Sing (G) 3:15pm / 6:00pm / 9:30pm Why Him? (14A) 4:15pm / 7:00pm / 10:20pm Rogue One (PG) 3D 9:50pm 3:00pm / 6:45pm     660 NEWS CALGARY NATIONAL At inaugural rehearsal, Trump sub sports military haircut Jan 15, 2017, 5:24 PM New program aims to improve pipeline monitoring and spill response by enlisting more indigenous help Jan 15, 2017, 3:56 PM Trade-It-Up hits CrossIron Mills for Make-A-Wish Foundation drive Jan 15, 2017, 3:49 PM RCMP Deputy Commissioner rides off into the sunset after 35 year career Jan 15, 2017, 3:47 PM Canada must remain nimble as it braces for Trump era: feds’ economic adviser Jan 15, 2017, 2:49 PM Pope demands protection for migrants as sea search continues Jan 15, 2017, 2:32 PM 'Boots on the ground:' More indigenous involvement urged in pipeline monitoring Jan 15, 2017, 8:00 AM Assaults soar in Newfoundland's Dickens-era jail: 'It's a tinderbox' Jan 15, 2017, 8:00 AM Family of girl killed in 1984 prepares for the emotions of another trial Jan 15, 2017, 8:00 AM Experts question whether tougher sentences deter drunk driving Jan 15, 2017, 7:00 AM Reconciliation more than land acknowledgments, Aboriginal groups say Jan 14, 2017, 7:40 AM No winning ticket for Friday night's $34.8 million Lotto Max jackpot Jan 13, 2017, 11:09 PM BUSINESS SPORTSNET OIL & GAS ENTERTAINMENT Five things to watch for in the Canadian business world in the coming week Jan 15, 2017, 8:00 AM Justices to hear free speech clash over offensive trademarks Jan 15, 2017, 6:47 AM Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Jan 14, 2017, 8:26 PM SpaceX launches first rocket since explosion in Florida Jan 14, 2017, 11:37 AM The Latest: SpaceX launch places satellites in orbit Jan 14, 2017, 11:23 AM Raptors continue to prove why they’re the anti-Knicks Just moments ago How Jeff Petry has become the Canadiens’ most important defenceman Jan 15, 2017, 3:39 PM Big Read: The evolution of Eugenie Bouchard Jan 15, 2017, 10:59 AM Capitals take 1st place in NHL with blowout win over Flyers Jan 15, 2017, 4:42 PM Blue Jays’ Russell Martin expected to play shortstop at WBC Jan 15, 2017, 1:59 PM Environmental groups concerned pipeline project will increase tanker traffic Jul 26, 2016, 8:20 AM Oil prices poised to slide, crude glut continues Jul 26, 2016, 7:33 AM "Distasteful" ad prompts Canada Action to further distance itself from former volunteer Jul 25, 2016, 2:35 PM Oil spill forces Prince Albert to shutdown water intake Jul 25, 2016, 10:11 AM ConocoPhillips Canada plans to cut upwards of 300 staff, mostly in Calgary Jul 22, 2016, 1:01 PM Milan fashion houses seek out their roots in new collections Jan 15, 2017, 7:44 AM Kidman says comments about Trump support weren't endorsement Jan 14, 2017, 5:00 PM NY mayor, celebs due at pre-inauguration Trump demonstration Jan 14, 2017, 2:57 PM 'Sherlock' season finale leaks online 1 day before premiere Jan 14, 2017, 10:35 AM 2 years after the hack, Sony CEO Lynton exits for Snap Inc. Jan 14, 2017, 5:26 AM Home About Us Contact Us Breaking News Alerts Advertise with us Advertise with us Privacy Policy Ad Choices Terms of Service 9912 Franklin Ave, Fort McMurray, Alberta T9H 2K5 © 2016-2017 Rogers Media. All rights reserved. Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} {* mergeAccounts *} My profile {* profilePhotoCustom *} {* public_profileBlurb *} Display Name: {* public_displayName *} {* public_name *} {* public_gender *} {* public_birthdate *} {* public_emailAddress *} {* public_address *} {* public_phoneNumber *} Close Thank you for signing up! We have sent a confirmation email to {* emailAddressData *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Sign In Welcome back, {* welcomeName *}! {* loginWidget *} Or Use another account Sign In Welcome back, ! {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Or Use another account Sign In / Sign Up With your existing account from {* loginWidget *} Or With an email account {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_createButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_firstName *} {* socialRegistration_lastName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing up. {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_firstName *} {* traditionalRegistration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} By clicking "Create Account", I confirm that I have read and understood each of the website terms of service and privacy policy and that I agree to be bound by them. {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to reset your password. Sign in Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #resetPasswordForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /resetPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. OK Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newpassword *} {* newpasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} You did it! Thank you for verifiying your email address. OK Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *}
Menu National Change Location Change Location Select Location BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? TV News Programs Newscasts & Videos Global National Global National The West Block The Morning Show More … Personalities Video Centre Go Topics World Canada Local Introduction Jonathan Malcolm Wayne Unnamed Sgt. Stephan Mental health support What now? Veterans funding Need help? Politics Smart Living Money Entertainment Health Tech Science Sports Video Contests Live Like Follow Crime January 10, 2017 7:01 am Updated: January 10, 2017 8:32 pm Manhunt continues as Orlando police mourn deaths of 2 cops By Mike Schneider The Associated Press WATCH ABOVE: Hundreds of officers join manhunt for gunman who fatally shot 2 cops. What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' editorial staff without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... What is this ? X What is this? Sponsored content is written by Global News' without any editorial influence by the sponsor. If you'd like to learn more... - A A + Listen ORLANDO, Fla. – Law enforcement officers in Orlando were engaged in a massive manhunt early Tuesday for a man accused of fatally shooting a police officer who approached him outside a Walmart. The manhunt itself has led to the death of a sheriff’s deputy in a traffic accident and the injury of another officer. Story continues below Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, was killed outside the Walmart store in northwest Orlando early Monday, and Orange County Sheriff’s Office Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis was killed more than two hours later in a crash while responding to a manhunt for Markeith Loyd, 41. Another Orlando police officer was involved in a crash while responding to the shooting but had only minor injuries. READ MORE: Police hunt for suspect after Orlando cop fatally shot outside a Walmart Authorities said Loyd previously was a suspect in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. A massive manhunt involving hundreds of officers was conducted all day Monday as they searched for Loyd in dozens of homes, displacing some residents of a northwest Orlando apartment complex and tying up traffic. “He should be considered armed and dangerous,” Police Chief John Mina said. Later in the day, the chief said, “It doesn’t matter where he is. We will track him down to the ends of the Earth.” Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said deputies had been searching unsuccessfully for Loyd for several weeks since the fatal shooting of his ex-girlfriend and believe he was receiving help from someone. Mina lauded Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the force, as a committed officer and a hero who gave her life to the community she loves. The Orlando Police Department said in a tweet that Clayton always had a smile and a high five for every child she came across. WATCH: ‘I don’t think he deserves to live’: cousin of slain Orlando cop speaks out Clayton had grown up in the Orlando area and was active in programs that mentored young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” Mina said. Clayton was a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighbourhood where she was shot, and she previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. “She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,” Rolon said. She was married and had a college-age son. The Orlando Police Department family is heartbroken today. One of our own was taken in the line of duty. There are no words. pic.twitter.com/M48o1nnr4h — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 9, 2017 Police released a video of Clayton’s body being taken out of the hospital to a waiting van in a flag-covered stretcher. A line of officers saluted as the stretcher was wheeled out. The apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt and shooting in northwest Orlando was nowhere near Orlando’s tourism corridor in the southern part of the metro area. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared a day of mourning in the city. While at the Wal-Mart on Monday morning, Clayton was tipped off by someone that Loyd was in the area. When she approached him, he fired multiple shots at Clayton, who was wearing body armour, Mina said. Clayton returned fire but didn’t hit him, he said. WATCH: Orlando police are searching for a 41-year-old suspect after he opened fire and fatally shot a police officer outside a Walmart Monday.  Sheriff’s officials said a deputy spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle. The suspect pulled into a nearby apartment complex and then fired at a deputy, striking the deputy’s SUV twice. The deputy wasn’t harmed, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle, drove away and then abandoned the vehicle not far away, according to the sheriff’s office. The Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputy was killed more than two hours after the shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Demings described the 35-year-old Lewis as “a gentle giant,” and the sheriff’s office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. © 2017 The Canadian Press Report an error Debra Clayton Markeith Loyd Norman Lewis Orange County Sheriff's Office Orlando Orlando Police Department Orlando police shooting Police Shooting Walmart police shooting Editor's Picks Canada Fake news: A real-life Cruella de Vil didn't skin dozens of Texas cats Canada Why Justin Trudeau’s trip to the Aga Khan’s island matters Consumer No, you do not have to pay a 'settlement fee' if you get an illegal download notice Health Trump's support for anti-vaxxers could lead to deadly outbreaks, disease expert warns Canada Why is Canada's top diplomat, Chrystia Freeland, banned from Russia? Lifestyle How much does it cost to raise a kid in Canada? Politics Russian intel report: Where the information came from, what it says and lingering questions FLYERS More Weekly Flyers Comments Popular Now No injuries after fire breaks out in Mexican resort popular among Canadians 298755 Twitter has discussed the idea of banning Donald Trump: report 68734 Why you should search for meaning instead of happiness this year 39398 Alec Baldwin returns as SNL 'rebroadcasts' Donald Trump's press conference 23119 NASA plans mission to a metal-rich asteroid worth quadrillions 21572 Sponsored content Popular Videos Sobbing woman confronts Justin Trudeau over the cost of her hydro bill WATCH NOW Tina Fey appears in Felicity Jones’ ‘SNL’ monologue as Princess Leia WATCH NOW Severe paralysis partially reversed in scientific breakthrough WATCH NOW Vulgar altercation caught on camera between two passengers on York Region Transit bus WATCH NOW One of the ten largest icebergs is poised to break away from Antarctica WATCH NOW Popular Now No injuries after fire breaks out in Mexican resort popular among Canadians 298755 Twitter has discussed the idea of banning Donald Trump: report 68734 Why you should search for meaning instead of happiness this year 39398 Alec Baldwin returns as SNL 'rebroadcasts' Donald Trump's press conference 23119 NASA plans mission to a metal-rich asteroid worth quadrillions 21572 Sponsored content Popular Videos Sobbing woman confronts Justin Trudeau over the cost of her hydro bill WATCH NOW Tina Fey appears in Felicity Jones’ ‘SNL’ monologue as Princess Leia WATCH NOW Severe paralysis partially reversed in scientific breakthrough WATCH NOW Vulgar altercation caught on camera between two passengers on York Region Transit bus WATCH NOW One of the ten largest icebergs is poised to break away from Antarctica WATCH NOW Jump to a Region BC Calgary Edmonton Halifax Lethbridge London Montreal New Brunswick Okanagan Regina Saskatoon Toronto Winnipeg Connect Facebook Twitter Google+ Instagram LinkedIn Tumblr Pinterest RSS Contact Us Global News About Us Privacy Policy Principles & Practices Terms & Conditions Copyright Corus Entertainment Advertise Branded Content Open Data © 2017 Global News, a division of Corus Entertainment Inc. Corus News. All rights reserved.
Home News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE 26° F Clear Hi: 38° F Lo: 21° F Forecast CT Radar StormTeam 8 Day Forecast 1 Weather Alert Menu Skip to content   Home News News Crime News Politics Health Consumer Sports Entertainment News Trending on WTNH Watch Us Live New Haven Hartford Fairfield Litchfield New London Middlesex Tolland Windham National News International News Featured: #WakeUpGMCT 2016 Presidential Election stretch your dollar Latest Headlines Hundreds gather for “Love March” in honor of Dr. Martin Luther King Junior 6:22 pm Hundreds gathered in the Elm City Sunday to honor the life and legacy of Dr. Martin Luther King Junior. Barnum Museum continues to preserve circus history despite show ending 6:24 pm The “Ringling Brothers Barnum And Bailey Circus” is coming to a close but the Barnum Museum in Bridgeport is still preserving its history. Love it or hate it, people have opinions on the circus 6:13 pm Car found submerged in icy Milford pond 5:39 pm Eddie Long, megachurch pastor embroiled in scandal, dies 5:30 pm Weather Weather Today’s Forecast CT Radar 8 Day Forecast Current Conditions SatRad & Satellite Hurricanes Weather Headlines Storm Closings Weather Watchers Watches and Warnings Tides Charts Live Weather Cameras Current Conditions 26° F Clear Feels Like: 26° F Wind: 0 Humidity: 75% Dewpoint: 19° F Sunrise: 7:14 AM Sunset: 4:47 PM Forecast Radar Currents SatRad Traffic Live Traffic Map Traffic Team 8 Cameras Trains Investigators Report It Suggest A Story To News 8 Upload Your Photos See All Photos and Videos On Air Watch Us Live News 8 Team #WakeUpGMCT Good Morning CT Weekend Nyberg Stretch Your Dollar Cruisin’ Connecticut Working for CT Pet of the Week Links on TV TV Schedule More Community News Obituaries Arts and Entertainment CT Events Calendar Contests Contact Us Jobs Follow Our Social Accounts CT STYLE Search for: Search the site 26° F Clear Hi: 38° F Lo: 21° F Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers By Associated Press Published: January 10, 2017, 6:59 am Updated: January 10, 2017, 7:20 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Florida Highway Patrol Troopers secure the scene after Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was struck and killed by a vehicle in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in the crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Related Coverage Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community Deputy killed while pursuing Orlando suspect ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Orlando’s law enforcement community is mourning the fatal shooting of an Orlando Police Department sergeant who was killed as she approached a fugitive outside a Wal-Mart store and an Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputy who died in a traffic accident more than two hours later while responding to a manhunt for the suspect in the officer’s slaying. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, was killed outside a Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando early Monday, and Orange County Sheriff’s Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for 41-year-old Markeith Loyd. Another Orlando police officer was involved in a crash while responding to the shooting but had only minor injuries. Authorities said Loyd previously was a suspect in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. A massive manhunt involving hundreds of officers was conducted all day Monday as they searched for Loyd in dozens of homes, displacing some residents of a northwest Orlando apartment complex and tying up traffic. Related: Slain Orlando officer was married mother of 2, deeply committed to community “He should be considered armed and dangerous,” Police Chief John Mina said. Later in the day, the chief said, “It doesn’t matter where he is. We will track him down to the ends of the Earth.” Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said deputies had been searching unsuccessfully for Loyd for several weeks since the fatal shooting of his ex-girlfriend and believe he was receiving help from someone. Mina lauded Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the force as a committed officer and a hero who gave her life to the community she loves. The Orlando Police Department said in a tweet that Clayton always had a smile and a high five for every child she came across. Clayton had grown up in the Orlando area and was active in programs that mentored young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” Mina said. Clayton was a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and she previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. “She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,” Rolon said. She was married and had a college-aged son. Related: Deputy killed while pursuing Orlando suspect Police released a video of Clayton’s body being taken out of the hospital to a waiting van in a flag-covered stretcher. A line of officers saluted as the stretcher was wheeled out. The apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt and shooting in northwest Orlando was nowhere near Orlando’s tourism corridor in the southern part of the metro area. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared a day of mourning in the city. While at the Wal-Mart on Monday morning, Clayton was tipped off by someone that Loyd was in the area. When she approached him, he fired multiple shots at Clayton, who was wearing body armor, Mina said. Clayton returned fire but didn’t hit him, he said. Sheriff’s officials said a deputy spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle. The suspect pulled into a nearby apartment complex and then fired at a deputy, striking the deputy’s SUV twice. The deputy wasn’t harmed, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle, drove away and then abandoned the vehicle not far away, according to the sheriff’s office. The Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputy was killed more than two hours after the shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Demings described the 35-year-old Lewis as “a gentle giant,” and the sheriff’s office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. Copyright 2017 The Associated Press. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Share this: Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Suspect in fatal shooting of officer has lengthy record Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community Deputy killed while pursuing Orlando suspect Slain Orlando officer responded to Pulse nightclub massacre Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » WTNH NEWS8 provides commenting to allow for constructive discussion on the stories we cover. In order to comment here, you acknowledge you have read and agreed to our Terms of Service. Commenters who violate these terms, including use of vulgar language or racial slurs, will be banned. Please be respectful of the opinions of others. If you see an inappropriate comment, please flag it for our moderators to review. Also, you can now block any inappropriate user by simple selecting the drop down menu on the right of any comment and selection "Block User" from there. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Stories Like WTNH.com on Facebook Like WTNH.com on Facebook Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WTNH Connecticut News © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sitemap News Storm Team 8 Weather Traffic Investigators Report It On Air CT Style Station About Us Contact Us Follow Our Social Accounts Advertise Your Business Jobs School Closings FCC Public File (WTNH) Children’s TV Report (WTNH) FCC Public File (WCTX) Children’s TV Report (WCTX) EEO Public File Report Sign Up for Alerts Text Alerts Email Alerts Legal Terms of Use Privacy Policy Partners Media General The Day of New London ABC News CNN Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Instagram <a href="https://linforms.wufoo.com/forms/z1f8issy1u3wkwv/" rel="nofollow">Fill out my Wufoo form!</a> Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Bloomberg the Company & Its ProductsBloomberg Anywhere Remote LoginBloomberg Anywhere LoginBloomberg Terminal Demo Request Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Philanthropy & Engagement Bloomberg London Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Bloomberg Live Conferences Bloomberg Media Distribution Advertising Bloomberg Connecting decision makers to a dynamic network of information, people and ideas, Bloomberg quickly and accurately delivers business and financial information, news and insight around the world. Customer Support Americas +1 212 318 2000 Europe, Middle East, & Africa +44 20 7330 7500 Asia Pacific +65 6212 1000 Communications Press Announcements Press Contacts Follow Us Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram Vimeo Company Careers Diversity & Inclusion Philanthropy & Engagement Sustainability Technology Facts & Spaces Bloomberg London Media Bloomberg.com Bloomberg Politics Bloomberg View Bloomberg Gadfly Bloomberg Television Bloomberg Radio Bloomberg Mobile Apps News Bureaus Media Services Advertising Bloomberg Media Distribution Bloomberg Live Conferences Financial Products Bloomberg Terminal Bloomberg Tradebook Bloomberg Briefs Bloomberg Indices Bloomberg SEF Bloomberg Institute Enterprise Products Enterprise Solutions Trading Solutions Bloomberg Vault Bloomberg PolarLake Industry Products Bloomberg Government Bloomberg Law/BNA Bloomberg Big Law Bloomberg New Energy Finance Bloomberg Customers Bloomberg Anywhere Remote Login Download Software Service Center MENU Homepage Markets Stocks Currencies Commodities Rates + Bonds Economics Magazine Benchmark Watchlist Economic Calendar Tech U.S. Global Startups Cybersecurity Digital Media Bloomberg Technology TV Hello World Studio 1.0 Pursuits Cars & Bikes Style & Grooming Spend Watches & Gadgets Food & Drinks Travel Real Estate Art & Design Politics With All Due Respect Poll Decoder Culture Caucus Podcast Masters In Politics Podcast Ad Tracker Battlegrounds 2016 Opinion View Gadfly Businessweek Subscribe Cover Stories Opening Remarks Etc Features 85th Anniversary Issue Behind The Cover More Science + Energy Graphics Game Plan Small Business Personal Finance Inspire GO The David Rubenstein Show Sponsored Content Bloomberg About The Company Sign In Sign In Subscribe Jack Ma Bets $2.6 Billion He Can Revamp China Retail Sector Bloomberg News January 10, 2017, 5:39 AM EST January 10, 2017, 6:05 PM EST The e-commerce giant intends to pioneer a new retail model Intime acquisition will be its biggest step yet offline QuickTake: Alibaba's Story of Growth and Dominance Alibaba Group Holding Ltd. pioneered shopping on the internet in China. Now it thinks it can teach old-school retailers a thing or two about real-world commerce. The online juggernaut that vanquished EBay and Amazon in China has set its sights on transforming the byzantine world of brick-and-mortar retail. In its biggest old-economy deal so far,  Alibaba is leading a bid to buy out department store chain Intime Retail Group Co. for as much as $2.6 billion. That’s a premium for the privilege of owning a company with shrinking revenues and a minuscule footprint beyond its eastern home region. QuickTake Alibaba Jack Ma Photographer: Anthony Kwan/Bloomberg But by teaming up with retailers, billionaire founder Jack Ma hopes to develop a new model of online and offline retail. The idea is that Alibaba’s superior computing power, a decade of experience moving billions of dollars of goods and strong ties with government and big brands will help it succeed where others like Wal-Mart Stores Inc. and even Amazon.com Inc. have failed. If it works, the tie-up may open the door to still more, helping Alibaba both extend its logistics network and gain invaluable consumer data. “No one has any solution or concrete answer, although everyone knows that this is the next page of the industry. Alibaba wants to be the one to develop the solution,” said Anson Chan, a Hong-Kong based Daiwa Capital Markets analyst. History has shown that online and offline businesses don’t play well together. Wal-Mart spent billions of dollars on growing its e-commerce operation at the expense of profits, yet Amazon still holds sway in the U.S. Amazon itself is now venturing into brick-and-mortar stores though that effort is still nascent. Alibaba however is dealing with a very different market, and is driven by a need to secure new sources of growth as e-commerce plateaus. Ma himself has confessed he sees “tremendous challenges” for one-dimensional e-commerce operators as the country’s economy slows. His goal is to try and up-end a splintered and bloated $4.5 trillion Chinese retail landscape, stripping out middlemen to reduce costs and improve efficiency. Apart from Intime, Alibaba has also bought into electronics players Suning Commerce Group Co. and Haier Electronics Group. Alibaba shares rose 2.1 percent in U.S. trading after the deal was announced, while Intime’s stock surged 36 percent in Hong Kong. Read more: Alibaba’s consumer focus is just in time Chinese retailers could use some help. They’ve struggled in past years to retain consumers frustrated with lackluster, poorly managed malls. Unlike in the U.S., which is controlled by a clutch of mega-chains, the Chinese retail experience is far more fragmented and inconsistent. Intime, one of the better-known players, operated and managed just 29 department stores and 17 shopping malls across the country as of end-June last year, mainly in eastern Zhejiang province. That’s a far cry from the U.S., where nationwide chains such as Wal-Mart and Macy’s Inc. dominate specific strata. More important than geographical reach however is simple store management. While Wal-Mart and Amazon’s logistical machines inspire college case studies, most Chinese retailers still operate in separate, walled-off regions. Management lacks incentive to innovate. Alibaba sees an opportunity in helping such retailers use technology to transform inventory management, while securing a physical network through which it can get goods to its own customers more efficiently, for instance by letting customers pick up orders from stores. “Physical retail in China is backwards compared to elsewhere,” said Catherine Lim, an analyst with Bloomberg Intelligence in Singapore. “It’s going to be a root-and-branch effort to get the offline side up to standard, and that’s probably why Alibaba felt the need to take it over totally.” Lim cites a familiar example: You have to wait days to find out if there’s a size 10 dress in another branch of the same store. “The players have started to modernize, but it’s been very slow. The truth is that the technology and software is there, it’s whether the people were willing to adapt to it.” The logic of the Intime deal isn’t apparent to all. Alibaba may be counting on success in reviving the mall operator to encourage other retailers to adopt its online-to-offline or O2O model, Chan said. “What’s possible is that Alibaba wants to develop the O2O model and system through this partnership and, once it’s perfected, open up that system for others to use as a platform, like its cloud business,” Chan said. Also, neither Alibaba nor Intime own a lot of the inventory they sell -- Intime operates much like a bazaar where different brands run concessions. That means brands will need to be won over. “There is still the missing piece of the people who actually sell the items,” said Chan Wai-Chan, a Hong-Kong based senior partner at Oliver Wyman’s Asia Pacific consumer practice. “Intime is only in Zhejiang, so there won’t be a national reach. Maybe in the grand plan, Alibaba will buy other department stores, since sales of department stores have fallen through the floor.” But Alibaba’s certainly giving it a go. It’s already building a network that will allow physical stores -- and the brands they sell -- to monitor transactions as they happen. Exclusive insights on technology around the world. Get Fully Charged, from Bloomberg Technology. Sign Up Business Your guide to the most important business stories of the day, every day. You will now receive the Business newsletter Politics The latest political news, analysis, charts, and dispatches from Washington. You will now receive the Politics newsletter Markets The most important market news of the day. So you can sleep an extra five minutes. You will now receive the Markets newsletter Pursuits What to eat, drink, wear and drive – in real life and your dreams. You will now receive the Pursuits newsletter Game Plan The school, work and life hacks you need to get ahead. You will now receive the Game Plan newsletter Like Amazon, Alibaba also owns a sprawling collection of online assets, from its budding cloud computing business to mobile search and video entertainment, that could conceivably by combined with physical retail. Shoppers might spot a dress they like on Youku Tudou, run a search via Alibaba’s photo-recognition technology and find 10 similar garments online. Its logistics affiliate, Cainiao, can help retailers identify vacant warehouses and available inventory and match goods with the company’s 450 million active buyers more efficiently. “What Alibaba might want to do is to crunch its marketing, logistics, cloud computing and search and entertainment services all into a package for brands to create value, something they won’t be able to do themselves,” said Julia Pan, a Shanghai-based analyst at UOB Kay Hian. — With assistance by Rachel Chang, and Lulu Chen Before it's here, it's on the Bloomberg Terminal. LEARN MORE Read This Next Alibaba's Shopping Spree: How the Web Giant's Universe Has Expanded Trending Now Trump Team May Move West Wing Briefings to Expand Capacity Trump Slams NATO, Floats Russia Nuke Deal in European Interview Pound Slides at Much as 1.6% as May Reported to Seek Hard Brexit Trump Team Shunning Davos Meeting of World’s Economic Elite Trump Asks If Outgoing CIA Chief Was Leaker of ‘Fake News’ Terms of Service Trademarks Privacy Policy ©2017 Bloomberg L.P. All Rights Reserved Careers Made in NYC Advertise Ad Choices Website Feedback Help
Today's Top StoriesWATCH NOW GO Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Sports ESPN New York Entertainment Movie Reviews Neighborhood Eats The Trend Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Send photos/videos here or use #abc7NY Follow Us NEWS Orlando mourns deaths of 2 law enforcement officers as manhunt continues Email share share tweet email You need Flash to watch this video.Sorry, your browser doesn't support Flash, needs a Flash update, or has Flash disabled. EMBED </>More News Videos <iframe width="476" height="267" src="http://abc7ny.com/video/embed/?pid=1694340" frameborder="0" allowfullscreen></iframe> ABC's Elizabeth Hur has the latest details. AP By MIKE SCHNEIDER Tuesday, January 10, 2017 06:21AM ORLANDO, FL -- Orlando's law enforcement community is mourning the fatal shooting of an Orlando Police Department sergeant who was killed as she approached a fugitive outside a Wal-Mart store and an Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy who died in a traffic accident more than two hours later while responding to a manhunt for the suspect in the officer's slaying. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, was killed outside a Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando early Monday, and Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for 41-year-old Markeith Loyd. Another Orlando police officer was involved in a crash while responding to the shooting but had only minor injuries. Authorities said Loyd previously was a suspect in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. A massive manhunt involving hundreds of officers was conducted all day Monday as they searched for Loyd in dozens of homes, displacing some residents of a northwest Orlando apartment complex and tying up traffic. "He should be considered armed and dangerous," Police Chief John Mina said. Later in the day, the chief said, "It doesn't matter where he is. We will track him down to the ends of the Earth." Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said deputies had been searching unsuccessfully for Loyd for several weeks since the fatal shooting of his ex-girlfriend and believe he was receiving help from someone. Mina lauded Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the force as a committed officer and a hero who gave her life to the community she loves. The Orlando Police Department said in a tweet that Clayton always had a smile and a high five for every child she came across. Clayton had grown up in the Orlando area and was active in programs that mentored young people. "She was always the first to step up and help kids," Mina said. Clayton was a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and she previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. "She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community," Rolon said. She was married and had a college-aged son. Police released a video of Clayton's body being taken out of the hospital to a waiting van in a flag-covered stretcher. A line of officers saluted as the stretcher was wheeled out. The apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt and shooting in northwest Orlando was nowhere near Orlando's tourism corridor in the southern part of the metro area. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared a day of mourning in the city. While at the Wal-Mart on Monday morning, Clayton was tipped off by someone that Loyd was in the area. When she approached him, he fired multiple shots at Clayton, who was wearing body armor, Mina said. Clayton returned fire but didn't hit him, he said. Sheriff's officials said a deputy spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle. The suspect pulled into a nearby apartment complex and then fired at a deputy, striking the deputy's SUV twice. The deputy wasn't harmed, the sheriff's office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle, drove away and then abandoned the vehicle not far away, according to the sheriff's office. The Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy was killed more than two hours after the shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Demings described the 35-year-old Lewis as "a gentle giant," and the sheriff's office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. Related Topics: newsofficer-involved shootingpolice shooting Email share share tweet email (Copyright ©2017 by The Associated Press. All Rights Reserved.) Load Comments Please enable JavaScript to view comments. NEWS Trump Suggests CIA Director 'Leaker' Behind Unsubstantiated Report Woman stabbed inside Queens Village home LI woman pinned between car, gas pump in Shirley crash dies At Least 22 Democratic Congress Members Plan to Skip Inauguration Report: Bernie Madoff capitalizing off of hot chocolate in prison More News Top Stories LI woman pinned between car, gas pump in Shirley crash dies Family: Former pro wrestler Jimmy Snuka has died Woman stabbed inside Queens Village home Report: Bernie Madoff capitalizing off of hot chocolate in prison At Least 22 Democratic Congress Members Plan to Skip Inauguration Demonstrators, lawmakers rally for Affordable Care Act Suspect shot by police after chase on Long Island Show More South Carolina teen abducted as a newborn meets birth parents Man arrested in LI traffic stop found to have cache of weapons, police say Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Trump clashes with civil rights leader John Lewis as inauguration looms Investigation into West Babylon house fire that injured 2 firefighters More News Top Video Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years Suspect shot by police after chase on Long Island Car and box truck crash on Sunrise Highway resulting in fatal fireball Woman rescued from house fire in Dover, several displaced More Video Home AccuWeather Traffic Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories Video Photos 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Apps GO Follow Us Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WABC-TV New York. All Rights Reserved. Personalize your weather by entering a location. Sorry, but the location you entered was not found. Please try again. Sections Traffic Watch New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Home AccuWeather Traffic Video Photos Apps Local News New York CityNew JerseyLong IslandNorthern SuburbsConnecticut Categories 7 On Your Side 7 On Your Side Investigates Health Lifestyle & Consumer U.S. & World Politics Sports ESPN New York Entertainment Movie Reviews Neighborhood Eats The Trend Station Info About ABC 7 Meet the News Team ABC 7 In Your Community Sweepstakes and Rules TV Listings Jobs Shows Live with Kelly ABC 7 Shows & Specials Live Well Network Send photos/videos here or use #abc7NY Follow Us GO Follow Us Privacy Policy Children's Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Terms of Use Interest-Based Ads Public Inspection File Copyright © 2017 ABC Inc., WABC-TV New York
Get the latest news from The Morning Call on the Amazon Echo ALERT Local News Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dead at age 73 News Breaking News Orlando police still hunting for man who killed officer Caption Family, friends, and community celebrate the life of Debra Clayton Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Caption Family, friends, and community celebrate the life of Debra Clayton Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Caption Man arrested on charges of aiding suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. Caption First appearance of Jameis Slaughter and Lakensha Smith-Loyd Loyd's niece Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend Jameis Slaughter are each facing a charge of accessory to first-degree murder, records show. Loyd's niece Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend Jameis Slaughter are each facing a charge of accessory to first-degree murder, records show. Caption Niece of Markeith Loyd arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Lakensha Loyd, niece of Markeith Loyd. was arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Lakensha Loyd, niece of Markeith Loyd. was arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Caption Orlando mourns slain officers in candlelight vigil Bishop Kelvin Cobaris and Orlando commissioner Regina Hill lead a vigil  to honor the Orlando Police officer killed by an assailant at a Pine Hills Walmart, and an Orange deputy who was killed while responding to the OPD fatality, Tuesday, January 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Bishop Kelvin Cobaris and Orlando commissioner Regina Hill lead a vigil  to honor the Orlando Police officer killed by an assailant at a Pine Hills Walmart, and an Orange deputy who was killed while responding to the OPD fatality, Tuesday, January 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Rene Stutzman and Stephanie Allen Contact Reporters Hundreds of law enforcement officers are searching overnight for a fugitive who is accused of killing a cop at dawn on Monday when she tried to chase him down at a Wal-Mart and arrest him. A second law-enforcement official died in a crash just hours later as officers and deputies scrambled to find the murder suspect.  By Monday evening, officers largely abandoned the apartment complex in northwest Orlando that was the focus of their search for much of the day, and Markeith Loyd, 41, was still at large. "We are going to bring this dirtbag to justice, and he's going to jail," Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Loyd has been wanted for murder since his pregnant ex-girlfriend was shot at her front door on Dec. 13. He has a long criminal history and on Nov. 30 wrote on his Facebook page: "Goals!!!! To be on Americas most wanted." Markeith Loyd Orange County Sheriff's Office Markeith Loyd Markeith Loyd (Orange County Sheriff's Office) The manhunt prompted the lockdown of more than a dozen schools and snarled traffic for hours. “If you don’t have to be out, don’t be out,” Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs said Monday morning. A $60,000 reward was offered for information leading to Loyd’s capture, and both Orlando police and the Sheriff's Office described him as armed and dangerous. The violence started about 7:15 a.m. at the Wal-Mart at John Young Parkway and Princeton Street, when someone spotted Loyd, knew he was wanted for murder and told Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, who also happened to be at the store. She was on the job, in uniform and wearing body armor, Mina said. She called dispatch, then started chasing after Loyd. OPD officer shot and killed; deputy dies in crash Orlando Police Department Debra Clayton Debra Clayton (Orlando Police Department) She yelled for him to “stop” but instead the felon opened fire. She shot back but didn’t hit him, Mina said.  Backup officers who arrived 28 seconds later tried to save Clayton with CPR, according to the city, but she was pronounced dead at 7:40 a.m. at Orlando Regional Medical Center. A short distance from the Wal-Mart, a captain at the Orange County Sheriff's Office spotted Loyd near Pine Hills Road and North Lane, according to that department. Loyd pulled into an apartment complex and fired at least once at the deputy, who was in an unmarked SUV. The bullet missed him but hit his SUV. The suspect then carjacked a vehicle and fled. He abandoned that vehicle near Cinderlane Parkway, officials said. A massive manhunt for Loyd resulted in two motorcycle crashes by Orange County deputies, one fatal.        Deputy Norman Lewis, 35, an 11-year Sheriff’s Office veteran and former football player at the University of Central Florida, was killed 2-1/2 hours after the shooting. He was traveling south on Pine Hills Road on his motorcycle when he was struck by a van turning left onto Balboa Drive, the Florida Highway Patrol said. “We’re sad on this day for many reasons," Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said at a morning news conference at the hospital. "In my 36-year career, this is possibly one of the toughest days for me." The driver of the van, Billie Jarrard of Clermont, could possibly face charges in the crash, troopers said. No one answered the phone Monday at Jarrard’s home. Records show he is a 78-year-old recent widower with no criminal history in Florida.  Ten minutes after Lewis’ crash, another deputy was involved in a wreck that sent him to the hospital. It happened just 200 yards down Pine Hills Road. Orange County Deputy Nelson Borjas, 46, had minor injuries and is expected to recover.  Officer called a hero Clayton is the first Orlando officer killed in the line of duty in a decade. The last was Al Gordon, who was shot during a robbery Oct. 4, 2007, the agency reported. Clayton, who is survived by a husband and college-age son, was one of the first officers to respond to the mass shooting at the Pulse nightclub in June that left 49 people dead and scores injured. PICTURE GALLERY: An Orlando police officer was shot on Princeton Street, just west of John Young Parkway. An Orange County deputy died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for the suspect. Mina called her a hero. “She gave her life for the community she loves." TaQueria Jones, a Wal-Mart cashier, said Clayton checked out at her register minutes before the shooting. “We talked about family, we talked about God," Jones said.  While the suspect was still at large, the cashier and others planted flowers in a spot just feet from where Clayton was killed. “I’m going to be out here every day to straighten them up. Every day," Jones vowed. Lewis, who had been with the Sheriff's Office since March 2005, was a member of the motors/DUI unit. Both Lewis and Clayton had degrees from the University of Central Florida. “They are heroes and Knights forever," UCF President John Hitt said. Deputies had been on the lookout for Loyd for weeks because of a murder warrant: He's accused of murdering his pregnant 24-year-old ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, on Dec. 13 and wounding her 26-year-old brother, Ronald Steward. They were shot at an Orange County home on Long Peak Drive. Caption Family, friends, and community celebrate the life of Debra Clayton Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Caption Family, friends, and community celebrate the life of Debra Clayton Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Caption Man arrested on charges of aiding suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. Caption First appearance of Jameis Slaughter and Lakensha Smith-Loyd Loyd's niece Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend Jameis Slaughter are each facing a charge of accessory to first-degree murder, records show. Loyd's niece Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend Jameis Slaughter are each facing a charge of accessory to first-degree murder, records show. Caption Niece of Markeith Loyd arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Lakensha Loyd, niece of Markeith Loyd. was arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Lakensha Loyd, niece of Markeith Loyd. was arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Caption Orlando mourns slain officers in candlelight vigil Bishop Kelvin Cobaris and Orlando commissioner Regina Hill lead a vigil  to honor the Orlando Police officer killed by an assailant at a Pine Hills Walmart, and an Orange deputy who was killed while responding to the OPD fatality, Tuesday, January 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Bishop Kelvin Cobaris and Orlando commissioner Regina Hill lead a vigil  to honor the Orlando Police officer killed by an assailant at a Pine Hills Walmart, and an Orange deputy who was killed while responding to the OPD fatality, Tuesday, January 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Loyd has a long criminal record and served 10 years in prison and five years on probation for conspiracy with intent to distribute cocaine, according to federal court records.  "To lose two law enforcement officers on this Law Enforcement Appreciation Day is indeed a tragedy,” Demings said. ... “It's a reminder that law enforcement officers put their lives on the line every single day to protect all of us." Gov. Rick Scott was in Orlando on Monday for a business meeting, but that was canceled and he joined Mina, Demings and other local officials at a morning news conference. "It breaks my heart that one of them was already senselessly killed this morning,” Scott said. Apartments focus of search On Monday, officers searched dozens of apartments, single-family homes and vehicles in the Rosemont neighborhood. Much of the search focused on the Eagle Reserve apartment complex.  An Orlando SWAT team as well as armored vehicles and a helicopter came and went twice to the complex on Cinderlane Parkway, where Loyd was last spotted by law enforcement Monday morning after the shooting. They pulled out for the second time about 6 p.m., but only after leaving some residents barred from their homes or from getting to work for several hours. Lupe Garcia and her 9-year-old son, Migul Hidalgo, were stuck outside their home for most of the day. Garcia walked to drop him off at school and came back to find her home surrounded in crime scene tape with dozens of officers holding long guns. "It's scary," she said before she was let back into the complex. After she picked her son up, they waited with dozens of others outside the complex. Migul said as he and his mom were waiting, an Orange County deputy flagged him down and asked if he was hungry. The deputy pulled out a chocolate protein bar and gave it to the boy. Jeff Weiner, David Harris, Steve Lemongello, Paige Wilson, Red Huber, Caitlin Dineen, Christal Hayes and Scott Maxwell contributed to this report. rstutzman@orlandosentinel.com, sallen@orlandosentinel.com Privacy Policy Copyright © 2017, The Morning Call Homicide Law Enforcement Markeith Loyd Debra Clayton Rick Scott Orange County Sheriff's Office Teresa Jacobs Slain Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was 'an angel,' friend says Deputy Norman Lewis: Ex-UCF football player killed in Orlando manhunt In some neighborhoods, fear of talking to police Breaking Popular Obits E-NEWSPAPER Biz Cycle Sports Video/Photos Classifieds 30°
CLOSE Community Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events NY Region Funerals Memorials Greece Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science Sports Community Greece Cyprus International USA Cyprus Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science FOOD & TRAVEL Food Wine & Spirits Travel Classifieds Opinions Editorial Columnists Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Viewpoints Agora Letter to the Editor Special Issues 50 Greek Restaurants Christmas Easter Food & Wine Health & Science Hellenic Leaders Honorary Issues Literature & Culture Tourism Wealthiest Greeks Weddings Archive GR EditionUS Edition Newspaper Stands Sign in Subscribe Sunday, January 15, 2017 | Week's Paper | NY 30 F | Athens 44 F | EUR → USD 1.07 Community Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events NY Region Funerals Memorials Greece Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science Sports Community Greece Cyprus International USA Cyprus Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science FOOD & TRAVEL Food Wine & Spirits Travel Classifieds Opinions Editorial Columnists Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Viewpoints Agora Letter to the Editor Special Issues 50 Greek Restaurants Christmas Easter Food & Wine Health & Science Hellenic Leaders Honorary Issues Literature & Culture Tourism Wealthiest Greeks Weddings Archive Home Whats New Orlando Mourns Deaths of Two Law Enforcement Officers Whats New Orlando Mourns Deaths of Two Law Enforcement Officers By Associated Press - January 10, 2017 0 76 Share on Facebook Tweet on Twitter Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search in Orlando. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) ORLANDO, Fla. — Orlando’s law enforcement community is mourning the fatal shooting of an Orlando Police Department sergeant who was killed as she approached a fugitive outside a Wal-Mart store and an Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputy who died in a traffic accident more than two hours later while responding to a manhunt for the suspect in the officer’s slaying. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, was killed outside a Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando early Jan. 9, and Orange County Sheriff’s Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for 41-year-old Markeith Loyd. Another Orlando police officer was involved in a crash while responding to the shooting but had only minor injuries. Authorities said Loyd previously was a suspect in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. A massive manhunt involving hundreds of officers was conducted all day as they searched for Loyd in dozens of homes, displacing some residents of a northwest Orlando apartment complex and tying up traffic. “He should be considered armed and dangerous,” Police Chief John Mina said. Later in the day, the chief said, “It doesn’t matter where he is. We will track him down to the ends of the Earth.” Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said deputies had been searching unsuccessfully for Loyd for several weeks since the fatal shooting of his ex-girlfriend and believe he was receiving help from someone. Mina lauded Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the force as a committed officer and a hero who gave her life to the community she loves. The Orlando Police Department said in a tweet that Clayton always had a smile and a high five for every child she came across. Clayton had grown up in the Orlando area and was active in programs that mentored young people. “She was always the first to step up and help kids,” Mina said. Clayton was a supervisor for a patrol division in the neighborhood where she was shot, and she previously had worked in investigations and as a school resource officer, Deputy Chief Orlando Rolon said. “She made a point, even outside her working hours, to do things for youth and do things for the community,” Rolon said. She was married and had a college-aged son. Police released a video of Clayton’s body being taken out of the hospital to a waiting van in a flag-covered stretcher. A line of officers saluted as the stretcher was wheeled out. The apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt and shooting in northwest Orlando was nowhere near Orlando’s tourism corridor in the southern part of the metro area. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared a day of mourning in the city. While at the Wal-Mart, Clayton was tipped off by someone that Loyd was in the area. When she approached him, he fired multiple shots at Clayton, who was wearing body armor, Mina said. Clayton returned fire but didn’t hit him, he said. Sheriff’s officials said a deputy spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle. The suspect pulled into a nearby apartment complex and then fired at a deputy, striking the deputy’s SUV twice. The deputy wasn’t harmed, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle, drove away and then abandoned the vehicle not far away, according to the sheriff’s office. The Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputy was killed more than two hours after the shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Demings described the 35-year-old Lewis as “a gentle giant,” and the Sheriff’s office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. (MIKE SCHNEIDER) Previous articleCristiano Ronaldo wins FIFA best player award for 4th time Next articleAngelina Jolie, Brad Pitt Reach Private Divorce Pact Deal Associated Press RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR Whats New Erdogan Says Deal or Not, Turkish Troops on Cyprus “Forever,” Greece Upset Whats New As Inaugural Looms, Trump Clashes With Civil Rights Leader Whats New NY Cops Shoot, Kill Man Threatening Mom With Screwdriver NO COMMENTS LEAVE A REPLY Cancel reply Popular Posts Popular Today Week Month All Fr. Luke Melackrinos Suspended from St. Paul’s Cathedral in Hempstead Turkey Detains Nine Colonels On Cyprus For Ties to US Cleric Gulen TNH's 50 Richest Greek-Americans 2014 List - Net Worth & More Kardamyli: Agamemnon’s Gift to Achilles and the Muses’ Gift to Us Obama Not Going Away Quietly, Ending With Full-Court Press Week’s Paper Special Issues About us Contact us Subscriptions Community Associations Church General News Arts & Literature History & Science Events Greece Politics Economy General News Arts & Literature History & Science Sports Community Greece Cyprus International USA Cyprus Politics Economy General news Arts & Literature History & Science Classifieds Opinions Columnists Editorial Guest Columnists Letter from Athens Letter to the Editor Agora Terms and Conditions Privacy Policy Advertise Job @ TNH © Copyright 2015-16 - The National Herald, Inc
YOURERIE 24° Erie Clear Sponsored By YOURERIE 24° Erie Clear Sections News Weather Sections News Local News Midnight Mass National News whYErie? On Our Air Made In AmERIca! Newsmakers Pay It Forward Video-Center Business News Entertainment News Flight Tracker Politics Weird News Ag News NWPA's Hidden History Weather Weather Pinpoint Doppler Lake Forecast SkyCam Weather Alerts Picture Perfect Weather Closings And Delays Map Center 7 Day Forecast Interactive Radar Forecast Pollen Almanac Ski Report Sports Local Sports Sports James Conner's Journey Big Game Play of the Night Athlete of the Week BayHawks SeaWolves Otters Friday Night Lights NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA Golf Auto Racing The Mike Tomlin Show Outdoor Sports Pittsburgh Steelers Graham Bensinger Cleveland Browns Sports Guide Locations Nittany Nation Community Your Events See It, Shoot It, Send It Cards for Troops Contests Life Works Flu Shot Movies Get Connected & Volunteer NoTXTNWPA Note Worthy Games Erie Alternative Health Obituaries Project Roadblock Lifestyle Health Resource Center Your Wellness Network Digital Life Health News Lottery Movies About Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contact Us Stay Connected Advertise With Us Work for Us JET 50th Anniversary Closed Captioning Alerts Marketplace Ask the Professionals Business Directory Autos Coupons & Deals Free Classifieds YourErie 2Go 2017 YourErie.com Golf Pass Kings and Wings Labatt Blue Starter Pass Thrifty Thursday News Weather Community Business Directory Video Center Contests TV Schedule Don't Miss Site Relevance Date Search Site Relevance Date Search News Local News Midnight Mass National News whYErie? On Our Air Made In AmERIca! Newsmakers Pay It Forward Video-Center Business News Entertainment News Flight Tracker Politics Weird News Ag News NWPA's Hidden History Weather Weather Pinpoint Doppler Lake Forecast SkyCam Weather Alerts Picture Perfect Weather Closings And Delays Map Center 7 Day Forecast Interactive Radar Forecast Pollen Almanac Ski Report Sports Local Sports Sports James Conner's Journey Big Game Play of the Night Athlete of the Week BayHawks SeaWolves Otters Friday Night Lights NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAA Golf Auto Racing The Mike Tomlin Show Outdoor Sports Pittsburgh Steelers Graham Bensinger Cleveland Browns Sports Guide Locations Nittany Nation Community Your Events See It, Shoot It, Send It Cards for Troops Contests Life Works Flu Shot Movies Get Connected & Volunteer NoTXTNWPA Note Worthy Games Erie Alternative Health Obituaries Project Roadblock Lifestyle Health Resource Center Your Wellness Network Digital Life Health News Lottery Movies About Us Meet the Team TV Schedule Contact Us Stay Connected Advertise With Us Work for Us JET 50th Anniversary Closed Captioning Alerts Marketplace Ask the Professionals Business Directory Autos Coupons & Deals Free Classifieds YourErie 2Go 2017 YourErie.com Golf Pass Kings and Wings Labatt Blue Starter Pass Thrifty Thursday Orlando: Manhunt for suspected cop killer expands; reward now $100,000 Sgt. Debra Clayton shot outside Walmart By HOLLY YAN AND NICK VALENCIA , CNN Published 01/10 2017 04:02PM Updated 01/10 2017 04:48AM Master Sgt. Debra Clayton's death marks the first gun-related police fatality of 2017 in the United States. Clayton, 42, was shot to death. ORLANDO (CNN) The massive search for a man suspected of killing his pregnant girlfriend and gunning down an Orlando police officer has expanded beyond Florida, police said Tuesday. Markeith Loyd has been on the run since Monday morning when police say he killed Master Sgt. Debra Clayton as she tried to confront the murder suspect outside a Walmart. The manhunt for Loyd has already led to several injuries and the death of Orange County Sheriff's Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis, who died in a motorcycle crash while searching for him. As hundreds of law enforcement officers scramble to find a man called "armed and extremely dangerous," here are the latest developments: Reward raised to $100,000 Authorities increased the reward for information leading to Loyd's arrest to $100,000, Orlando police Chief John Mina said Tuesday. "The Orlando Police Department, the Orange County Sheriff's Office, the FBI, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, homeland security, the U.S. marshals -- everyone is working to capture him," he said earlier. "We believe that people who know where he is will want that money," he said. Suspect said he wanted to be on 'America's Most Wanted' Two weeks before Loyd was accused of killing his pregnant girlfriend, Sade Dixon, he posted a message on Facebook: "Goals!!!! To be on Americas most wanted". On Monday morning, Clayton received word that Loyd was near a local Walmart. She tried to confront him. "As soon as she said, 'Stop,' he basically opened fire on her," Mina said. A witness outside the Walmart described a similar scene. "I was walking down the sidewalk, right past the officer, and I heard her tell him to stop, or whatever, and he shot her," witness James Herman told CNN affiliate WFTV-TV in Orlando. "He shot her down." Fund established for officer's family Clayton was the mother of a college-age son, and Orlando police said many people have been asking how they can help. Already, however, some people have tried to profit from the officer's death. "Unfortunately, after tragic events like this, there are evil people out there who are looking to take advantage of our community, and there have already been two fake GoFundMe accounts," Mina said. He urged anyone wanting to donate to visit the verified GoFundMe page for Clayton's family. Clayton was a first responder to Pulse massacre Clayton's death was the latest blow for the Orlando Police Department, which is still reeling from the June massacre at the Pulse nightclub that left 49 people dead. "Unfortunately we still have officers that are struggling with the Pulse tragedy," the police chief said. "It's been a tough seven or eight months for us." Clayton responded moments after the mass shooting at the club, police spokeswoman Michelle Guido said. "Like many of other officers here, she was a first responder that had to go to Pulse in the early morning hours to assist," Mina said. The pursuit After the shooting, Loyd fled in a car and fired shots at another officer, police said. That officer was not seriously injured. The suspect then abandoned the first vehicle and carjacked another one. He ditched that second vehicle shortly afterward and ran into an apartment complex, Mina said. It's unclear where he is now. But a "be on the lookout" alert has been sent nationwide, which is standard procedure with Florida murder suspects, said Guido, the police spokeswoman. "I believe there have been people out there helping him all along," Mina said. "If we find out about those people, we will criminally charge them." He said Loyd would be charged with first-degree murder of a law enforcement officer and attempted murder of the officer at whom he fired. Colleagues mourn deaths of longtime officers Two departments must now hunt for the suspect while grieving the deaths of their colleagues. Clayton, the Orlando police master sergeant, was married and the mother of a college-age son. "I've known Debra for 17 years. She was extremely committed to our youth and the community," the police chief said. "She did so many different projects in the community. She organized several marches against violence by herself." Lewis, the sheriff's deputy killed in the crash, was also known as "Big Norm," friends said. "'Big Norm' was known as much for his infectious ear-to-ear smile as he was his 6-foot-3, nearly 300-pound towering frame," Orlando attorney Brian Sandor said. "His smile and laugh took over any room he was in." Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said his department is grappling with the loss. But "while we're processing our own emotional feelings," he said, "we still have a job to do." Attorney general nominee refers to Orlando During his confirmation hearing Tuesday on Capitol Hill, the US attorney general nominee, Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama, spoke about the dual tragedies that happened on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day. "Sadly, on that day, we lost two of our brave officers," Sessions said. He said Clayton and Lewis "dedicated their lives to keeping their communities safe, and we should remember their service and keep them and their families in our prayers." Copyright 2017 Cable News Network/Turner Broadcasting System, Inc. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. More Stories These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined 100-bolivar notes get extension as Venezuela crisis continues Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies Don't Miss YourErie.com Golf Pass Bianchi Honda SkyCam Contests Ask the Professionals Your Wellness Network Connect with YourErie Community Calendar Latest News Local National Local National Man hospitalized after shooting on Cherry st. Surveillance video captures Parade street homicide Gymnastics event pumps money into Erie Youngsville Suffers Worst Flood Since 1913 State Police Give Free Car Safety Assistance These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined 100-bolivar notes get extension as Venezuela crisis continues Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies Bahrain executes 3 men convicted in bombing that killed police 28 escape in deadly prison break, officials say Video Center Local News Local News Mountain Weather Forecast 1/15/17 Sunday PM Lakeshore Weather Forecast 1/15/17 Sunday PM Inland Weather Forecast 1/15/17 Sunday PM YourErie on Facebook YourErie on Twitter Jet PinPoint Weather on Facebook YourErie2Go iPhone App YourErie2Go Android App Up Next These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined Meet the Team Download Apps Alerts TV Schedule Nexstar Broadcasting Group Inc. © 1998 - YourErie.com | Nexstar Broadcasting, Inc. | All Rights Reserved. Terms of Use Privacy Policy About Our Ads EEO Report WJET FCC Public File WFXP FCC Public File Nexstar CC Certification
Top Local Stories Sunday night becoming partly cloudy, stays chilly News Costs to fix sinkhole estimated at $78 million or more News Saturday night very cold again with clearing skies News Metro Detroit weather forecast: Missing a really big one Weather Metro Detroit forecast: Feeling like winter, again, Friday with sunshine Weather Metro Detroit weather: Temperatures drop below freezing Weather Metro Detroit weather forecast: Thunder and ice weren't nice! Weather In VW case, US takes aim at employees, not just corporation Automotive Freezing rain advisory in effect for parts of SE Michigan Weather Metro Detroit forecast: Rain and mid-50s to start with temps dropping fast Weather Metro Detroit weather: Temperatures rise into low 50s Weather EPA official: Improvement seen in Flint's water system Flint Water Crisis National Orlando: Manhunt for suspected cop killer expands; reward now $100,000 Sgt. Debra Clayton shot outside Walmart By HOLLY YAN AND NICK VALENCIA , CNN Posted: 4:26 AM, January 10, 2017 Updated: 3:02 PM, January 10, 2017 Orlando Police Department via CNN More National Headlines Orlando police officer killed; sheriff's deputy dies during manhunt Orlando tragedy: Two officers remembered ORLANDO (CNN) - The massive search for a man suspected of killing his pregnant girlfriend and gunning down an Orlando police officer has expanded beyond Florida, police said Tuesday. Markeith Loyd has been on the run since Monday morning when police say he killed Master Sgt. Debra Clayton as she tried to confront the murder suspect outside a Walmart. The manhunt for Loyd has already led to several injuries and the death of Orange County Sheriff's Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis, who died in a motorcycle crash while searching for him. As hundreds of law enforcement officers scramble to find a man called "armed and extremely dangerous," here are the latest developments: Reward raised to $100,000 Authorities increased the reward for information leading to Loyd's arrest to $100,000, Orlando police Chief John Mina said Tuesday. "The Orlando Police Department, the Orange County Sheriff's Office, the FBI, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, homeland security, the U.S. marshals -- everyone is working to capture him," he said earlier. "We believe that people who know where he is will want that money," he said. Suspect said he wanted to be on 'America's Most Wanted' Two weeks before Loyd was accused of killing his pregnant girlfriend, Sade Dixon, he posted a message on Facebook: "Goals!!!! To be on Americas most wanted". On Monday morning, Clayton received word that Loyd was near a local Walmart. She tried to confront him. "As soon as she said, 'Stop,' he basically opened fire on her," Mina said. A witness outside the Walmart described a similar scene. "I was walking down the sidewalk, right past the officer, and I heard her tell him to stop, or whatever, and he shot her," witness James Herman told CNN affiliate WFTV-TV in Orlando. "He shot her down." Fund established for officer's family Clayton was the mother of a college-age son, and Orlando police said many people have been asking how they can help. Already, however, some people have tried to profit from the officer's death. "Unfortunately, after tragic events like this, there are evil people out there who are looking to take advantage of our community, and there have already been two fake GoFundMe accounts," Mina said. He urged anyone wanting to donate to visit the verified GoFundMe page for Clayton's family. Clayton was a first responder to Pulse massacre Clayton's death was the latest blow for the Orlando Police Department, which is still reeling from the June massacre at the Pulse nightclub that left 49 people dead. "Unfortunately we still have officers that are struggling with the Pulse tragedy," the police chief said. "It's been a tough seven or eight months for us." Clayton responded moments after the mass shooting at the club, police spokeswoman Michelle Guido said. "Like many of other officers here, she was a first responder that had to go to Pulse in the early morning hours to assist," Mina said. The pursuit After the shooting, Loyd fled in a car and fired shots at another officer, police said. That officer was not seriously injured. The suspect then abandoned the first vehicle and carjacked another one. He ditched that second vehicle shortly afterward and ran into an apartment complex, Mina said. It's unclear where he is now. But a "be on the lookout" alert has been sent nationwide, which is standard procedure with Florida murder suspects, said Guido, the police spokeswoman. "I believe there have been people out there helping him all along," Mina said. "If we find out about those people, we will criminally charge them." He said Loyd would be charged with first-degree murder of a law enforcement officer and attempted murder of the officer at whom he fired. Colleagues mourn deaths of longtime officers Two departments must now hunt for the suspect while grieving the deaths of their colleagues. Clayton, the Orlando police master sergeant, was married and the mother of a college-age son. "I've known Debra for 17 years. She was extremely committed to our youth and the community," the police chief said. "She did so many different projects in the community. She organized several marches against violence by herself." Lewis, the sheriff's deputy killed in the crash, was also known as "Big Norm," friends said. "'Big Norm' was known as much for his infectious ear-to-ear smile as he was his 6-foot-3, nearly 300-pound towering frame," Orlando attorney Brian Sandor said. "His smile and laugh took over any room he was in." Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said his department is grappling with the loss. But "while we're processing our own emotional feelings," he said, "we still have a job to do." Attorney general nominee refers to Orlando During his confirmation hearing Tuesday on Capitol Hill, the US attorney general nominee, Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama, spoke about the dual tragedies that happened on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day. "Sadly, on that day, we lost two of our brave officers," Sessions said. He said Clayton and Lewis "dedicated their lives to keeping their communities safe, and we should remember their service and keep them and their families in our prayers." Copyright 2017 by CNN NewSource. All rights reserved. This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten or redistributed. Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Contact Us Subscribe Careers with Us Newsletters Advertise with Us Terms of Use Archives Digital edition FAQ Submissions Greenwich fire officials plead for rehab of aged Byram station Greenwichite, UConn sophomore dives into a gold medal Things to do in and around Greenwich Greenwich YW hosts anti-hate discussion News Regional National World Politics Were you SEEN? Opinion Science and Technology Election The Dish: Ken Tuccio spotted at The Blind Rhino Norma Bartol: Kudos to the Preservation Trust and PBS Bob Horton: Malloy administration against funding for New Lebanon High school roundup: Greenwich girls basketball team wins Holiday Sports Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Other High School UConn GA hockey edged by Hotchkiss on late goal Harkins leads Greenwich past Ludlowe Greenwich boys hold on to beat McMahon GHS girls basketball team downs McMahon for 6th-straight win Business Markets Real Estate Top Workplaces Town rules can hold up Greenwich business openings, owners say Withers attorney analyzes New York antiquities scandal New Year, New Career: From MTV to hit small-town children’s Property Rounds: Young adults struggle to move away from home Entertainment Movies Music Arts Television Comics Horoscope Games Events 100 years of King Features Syndicate ‘India’ on view in Bridgeport from renowned National Geo Greenwich Choral Society: Schubert’s Mass set with Symphony Rock musical for kids covers history of American presidency Living Health Home and Garden Family Religion Travel Food Celebrations Celebrate Summer Okra recalled for possible glass ‘Ten Restaurants that Changed America,’ by Paul Freedman, Golden Globe winning composer Justin Paul reflects on his Greenwich native finds art in abandoned materials Obituaries Blogs Classifieds Jobs Homes Rentals Cars MenuSections http://www.greenwichtime.com/news/crime/article/Orlando-mourns-deaths-of-2-law-enforcement-10846778.php Reward raised for capture of suspect in officer killing Mike Schneider and Terrance Harris, Associated Press Updated 3:24 am, Wednesday, January 11, 2017 Photo: Stephen M. Dowell, AP Image 1of/9 Caption Close Image 1 of 9 Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) less Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted ... more Photo: Stephen M. Dowell, AP Image 2 of 9 Friends and colleagues console each other after the body of an unidentified OCSO deputy was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed while responding to the fatal shooting of an Orlando Police officer in Orlando, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) less Friends and colleagues console each other after the body of an unidentified OCSO deputy was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed while responding to the fatal shooting of ... more Photo: Joe Burbank, AP Image 3 of 9 Florida Highway Patrol Troopers secure the scene after Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was struck and killed by a vehicle in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in the crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) less Florida Highway Patrol Troopers secure the scene after Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was struck and killed by a vehicle in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police ... more Photo: Red Huber, AP Image 4 of 9 Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) less Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted ... more Photo: Stephen M. Dowell, AP Image 5 of 9 Orange County sheriff deputies salute as the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in the line of duty in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) less Orange County sheriff deputies salute as the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in the line ... more Photo: Joe Burbank, AP Image 6 of 9 Friends and colleagues console each other following the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in the line of duty in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) less Friends and colleagues console each other following the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in ... more Photo: Joe Burbank, AP Image 7 of 9 Law enforcement officers search an apartment complex for a suspect near where a police officer was shot and killed, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Law enforcement officers search an apartment complex for a suspect near where a police officer was shot and killed, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Photo: John Raoux, AP Image 8 of 9 Law enforcement officers search an area for a suspect near where a police officer was shot and killed, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Law enforcement officers search an area for a suspect near where a police officer was shot and killed, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Photo: John Raoux, AP Image 9 of 9 Reward raised for capture of suspect in officer killing 1 / 9 Back to Gallery ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Authorities raised to $100,000 the reward for information leading to the arrest of a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police sergeant on Tuesday as he eluded hundreds of officers on the second day of a massive manhunt. Authorities advised that arrest warrants were being prepared for people who may have helped 41-year-old Markeith Loyd evade deputies in the past month as they searched for him for questioning in the slaying of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot Monday morning after she approached Loyd in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando. Many of her colleagues immediately joined the pursuit; among them was a sheriff's deputy who died when he was thrown from his motorcycle in an accident. More than 300 tips from the public have been made, said Barb Bergin, executive director of Crimeline, the tip-line service which is offering the reward, originally set for $60,000. "We have never burned or harmed a tipster. They are kept anonymous," Bergin said in a plea for more tips. "We will not identify you. We just need to know where he is so no one else is hurt." Graphiq Orange County Sheriff's Office deputies in metro Orlando had been looking for Loyd since his ex-girlfriend was killed. "Certainly it's upsetting he was out and about and killed Debra Clayton, our first homicide in the city of Orlando this year, one of the officers protecting our community," said Mina. Orlando Police confirmed that Clayton was one of the officers who responded to the shooting at Pulse nightclub in which 49 patrons were killed. Last June's massacre in Orlando was the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Clayton, who was married and has a college-aged son, also was known for her mentoring of young people and her involvement in the community in which she had grown up. In the Wal-Mart parking lot Tuesday morning, shoppers laid more than two dozen bouquets of flowers, teddy bears and candles in a makeshift memorial. Some shoppers, like Hal Shore, stopped to say a prayer or take a photo. "It's important that the country is aware that there is a war against police officers," said Shore, a cabinet maker. An apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt Monday afternoon didn't appear to have any police searches going on Tuesday morning. Some front doors were boarded up from being kicked in Monday because residents weren't home when authorities came knocking. Graphiq "I'm confident he is gone," said Ida Seck, a resident who had worked with Clayton in her job as a security officer at Universal Orlando Resort. "For things like this to happen, yeah I'm scared for safety and my son's safety but really there is nothing you can do." Court documents show Loyd's criminal record goes back two decades. He was arrested in 1996 on a murder charge that was later dropped. Loyd was arrested for battery on an officer in 1998 and sentenced to more than four years in prison. While behind bars, he pleaded guilty to cocaine possession from a prior case and was transferred to federal prison before being released in July 2014, according to federal records. More recently, his wife whom he is in the process of divorcing, had filed a request for a temporary injunction against him in 2015, and he followed with a similar request against her three days later. Both requests were eventually dismissed in court. He also had paternity suits from three different women filed against him. His Facebook profile had videos of him working out at a gym and hanging out at a nightclub. He said in a November post, "Goals!!!! To be on Americas (sic) most wanted," followed by a series of laughing-with-tears emojis. An Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy was killed more than two hours after Monday's shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings described the 35-year-old Norman Lewis as "a gentle giant," and the sheriff's office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. Graphiq Funerals were planned for Lewis for Friday and Clayton for Saturday. Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW LG K7 Android 4G Smartphone for Walmart for $50 + free... WalmartPosted 9 hr 51 min ago SHOP NOW Air Hogs Star Wars RC Advanced TIE Fighter for $33 + pickup at... WalmartPosted 1 day 9 hr ago SHOP NOW Custom Canvas Prints at Personalization Mall: 50% off + $5 off... Personalization MallPosted 1 day 9 hr ago SHOP NOW Mongoose Men's 29" Hex Fitness Bike for $89 + free shipping WalmartPosted 1 day 11 hr ago View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions About Our Ads Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Contact Us FAQ Today's eEdition Feedback Submissions Connect Newsletter Sign-Up Facebook Twitter Google+ Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Media Services Connecticut, LLC
Orlando: Manhunt for suspected cop killer expands; reward now $100,000 - Erie News Now: News, Weather & Sports | WICU 12 & WSEE Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Video Gallery Prep Champs Get Apps Text Alerts Inauguration Viewing Schedule NFL PlayOff Schedule LIVE Nat'l News Radar NewsNow MeTV Football CNN Video Money Radar NewsNow NBC LIVE Nat'l News CNN Video CBS National/World Inauguration Viewing Schedule The Insider Real Estate Election Get Apps School closings Korea Veterans Radar Web Cams Traffic/Airport Get Apps School closings See It, Shoot It Text Alerts Web Cams - Local Roads Buoy Data Prep Champs NFL PlayOff Schedule Text Alerts Football Pro Football Challenge Nascar Schedule NFL Football Watch NBC Sports LIVE Golf Fashion Friday WICU TV Guide What's On NBC MeTV Watch CBS Food Winey Wednesday Pro Football Challenge WSEE TV Listings NBC Mr. Food Contest Wine Radar Giving You The Business Pump Pricer School closings MeTV See It, Shoot It The Insider Football Text Alerts Across the Country Korea Veterans Local business Real Estate Transfers Wine Real Estate Closings Obituaries Great Deals! FAQ Digital Advertising Get Apps Wine News Team Contact Us Feedback Suggestions Jobs EEO Report Caribbean Main Entertainment Money Home/Family Health Food Pets Tech Travel Beauty & Style Auto VideoBytes Press Releases Orlando: Manhunt for suspected cop killer expands; reward now $100,000 Posted: Tuesday, January 10, 2017 4:32 AM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 10, 2017 4:32 PM EST An Orlando police officer was killed Monday, January 9, 2017 and a manhunt is under way for the gunman who shot her, the Orlando Police Department said. An Orlando police officer Master Sargent Debra Clayton was killed Monday, January 9, 2017 and a manhunt is under way for the gunman who shot her, the Orlando Police Department said. An Orlando police officer Master Sargent Debra Clayton was killed Monday, January 9, 2017 and a manhunt is under way for the gunman who shot her, the Orlando Police Department said. A $60-thousand-dollar reward is being offered for information for Markeith Loyd, the suspected shooter in the death of the Orlando Police Department officer Master Sargent Debra Clayton on Monday, January 9, 2017, according to a tweet from the Orlando... A $60-thousand-dollar reward is being offered for information for Markeith Loyd, the suspected shooter in the death of the Orlando Police Department officer Master Sargent Debra Clayton on Monday, January 9, 2017, according to a tweet from the Orlando... By Holly Yan and Nick Valencia CNN ORLANDO (CNN) -- The massive search for a man suspected of killing his pregnant girlfriend and gunning down an Orlando police officer has expanded beyond Florida, police said Tuesday. Markeith Loyd has been on the run since Monday morning when police say he killed Master Sgt. Debra Clayton as she tried to confront the murder suspect outside a Walmart. The manhunt for Loyd has already led to several injuries and the death of Orange County Sheriff's Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis, who died in a motorcycle crash while searching for him. As hundreds of law enforcement officers scramble to find a man called "armed and extremely dangerous," here are the latest developments: Reward raised to $100,000 Authorities increased the reward for information leading to Loyd's arrest to $100,000, Orlando police Chief John Mina said Tuesday. "The Orlando Police Department, the Orange County Sheriff's Office, the FBI, the Florida Department of Law Enforcement, homeland security, the U.S. marshals -- everyone is working to capture him," he said earlier. "We believe that people who know where he is will want that money," he said. Suspect said he wanted to be on 'America's Most Wanted' Two weeks before Loyd was accused of killing his pregnant girlfriend, Sade Dixon, he posted a message on Facebook: "Goals!!!! To be on Americas most wanted". On Monday morning, Clayton received word that Loyd was near a local Walmart. She tried to confront him. "As soon as she said, 'Stop,' he basically opened fire on her," Mina said. A witness outside the Walmart described a similar scene. "I was walking down the sidewalk, right past the officer, and I heard her tell him to stop, or whatever, and he shot her," witness James Herman told CNN affiliate WFTV-TV in Orlando. "He shot her down." Fund established for officer's family Clayton was the mother of a college-age son, and Orlando police said many people have been asking how they can help. Already, however, some people have tried to profit from the officer's death. "Unfortunately, after tragic events like this, there are evil people out there who are looking to take advantage of our community, and there have already been two fake GoFundMe accounts," Mina said. He urged anyone wanting to donate to visit the verified GoFundMe page for Clayton's family. Clayton was a first responder to Pulse massacre Clayton's death was the latest blow for the Orlando Police Department, which is still reeling from the June massacre at the Pulse nightclub that left 49 people dead. "Unfortunately we still have officers that are struggling with the Pulse tragedy," the police chief said. "It's been a tough seven or eight months for us." Clayton responded moments after the mass shooting at the club, police spokeswoman Michelle Guido said. "Like many of other officers here, she was a first responder that had to go to Pulse in the early morning hours to assist," Mina said. The pursuit After the shooting, Loyd fled in a car and fired shots at another officer, police said. That officer was not seriously injured. The suspect then abandoned the first vehicle and carjacked another one. He ditched that second vehicle shortly afterward and ran into an apartment complex, Mina said. It's unclear where he is now. But a "be on the lookout" alert has been sent nationwide, which is standard procedure with Florida murder suspects, said Guido, the police spokeswoman. "I believe there have been people out there helping him all along," Mina said. "If we find out about those people, we will criminally charge them." He said Loyd would be charged with first-degree murder of a law enforcement officer and attempted murder of the officer at whom he fired. Colleagues mourn deaths of longtime officers Two departments must now hunt for the suspect while grieving the deaths of their colleagues. Clayton, the Orlando police master sergeant, was married and the mother of a college-age son. "I've known Debra for 17 years. She was extremely committed to our youth and the community," the police chief said. "She did so many different projects in the community. She organized several marches against violence by herself." Lewis, the sheriff's deputy killed in the crash, was also known as "Big Norm," friends said. "'Big Norm' was known as much for his infectious ear-to-ear smile as he was his 6-foot-3, nearly 300-pound towering frame," Orlando attorney Brian Sandor said. "His smile and laugh took over any room he was in." Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said his department is grappling with the loss. But "while we're processing our own emotional feelings," he said, "we still have a job to do." Attorney general nominee refers to Orlando During his confirmation hearing Tuesday on Capitol Hill, the US attorney general nominee, Sen. Jeff Sessions of Alabama, spoke about the dual tragedies that happened on National Law Enforcement Appreciation Day. "Sadly, on that day, we lost two of our brave officers," Sessions said. He said Clayton and Lewis "dedicated their lives to keeping their communities safe, and we should remember their service and keep them and their families in our prayers." CNN's Nick Valencia reported from Orlando, and CNN's Holly Yan reported and wrote from Atlanta. CNN's Madison Park, AnneClaire Stapleton, Robert Ray, Ralph Ellis and Kate Conerly contributed to this report. TM & © 2017 Cable News Network, Inc., a Time Warner Company. All rights reserved. 3514 State St. Erie, PA 16508 Newsroom: (814) 454-8812 Business offices: (814) 454-5201 WICU FCC Filing WSEE FCC Filing Sections: Home Weather Sports Video Calendar Finance WICU TV Listings WSEE TV Listings Health Contact Us FAQ Services: Advertise Submit a Story Submit an Event Send Your Feedback Manage Your Account Free Emails    Forecast    Daily Headlines    News    Breaking News Wine Festivals Share: Share Stories Submit your stories to our site! Share Photos Share your photos in our community galleries RSS Feeds Mobile: WICU12/WSEE News App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App Local Weather App Free Android App Free iPhone App Free iPad App All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WICU. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy and Terms of Service.                    WICU/WSEE - 3514 State Street Erie, PA 16508 - (814) 454-5201 - info@wicu12.com
Sports Listen Menu Pay & Benefits Workforce Tech Management Acquisition Defense Congress Causey Pay & Benefits News Pay Benefits Retirement TSP Shows Your Turn For Your Benefit Expert Insights Workforce News OPM Cyber Breach OPM Hiring/Retention SES Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions News Facilities/Fleet Workforce Rights/Governance Unions Shows FEDtalk Fed Access Tech News Cybersecurity Cloud Computing Mobility Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government News Big Data Open Data/Transparency Digital Government Shows Ask the CIO Federal Executive Forum Federal Tech Talk Expert Insights Management News OMB Budget Sequestration Agency Oversight SES People News Agency Oversight SES People Shows Agency of the Month Business of Government Hour Expert Insights Women of Washington Acquisition News Contracts/Awards Acquisition Policy Industry/Associations Shows Amtower Off-Center Off the Shelf Ready To Prime What’s Working in Washington Defense News Army Air Force Navy Marine Corps DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry News DISA Other DoD Agencies Defense Industry Shows On DoD Pentagon Solutions Expert Insights Congress News Legislation Hearings/Oversight Budget Sequestration Causey News Federal Report Causey Awards Shows Your Turn Trending: DoD•Veterans Affairs•HUD•Tom Temin•Mike Causey•Multimedia Gallery Headlines Get Email Alerts Government News Previous Story Daugaard: Amazon to begin collecting taxes in South Dakota Next Story US warns of unusual cybersecurity flaw in heart devices Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Reward raised for capture… Reward raised for capture of suspect in officer killing By MIKE SCHNEIDER January 10, 2017 7:05 pm Share ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Authorities raised to $100,000 the reward for information leading to the arrest of a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police sergeant on Tuesday as he eluded hundreds of officers on the second day of a massive manhunt. Authorities advised that arrest warrants were being prepared for people who may have helped 41-year-old Markeith Loyd evade deputies in the past month as they searched for him for questioning in the slaying of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot Monday morning after she approached Loyd in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando. Many of her colleagues immediately joined the pursuit; among them was a sheriff’s deputy who died when he was thrown from his motorcycle in an accident. OPM offers guidance for feds who telework from home with children, dependents More than 300 tips from the public have been made, said Barb Bergin, executive director of Crimeline, the tip-line service which is offering the reward, originally set for $60,000. Advertisement “We have never burned or harmed a tipster. They are kept anonymous,” Bergin said in a plea for more tips. “We will not identify you. We just need to know where he is so no one else is hurt.” Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputies in metro Orlando had been looking for Loyd since his ex-girlfriend was killed. “Certainly it’s upsetting he was out and about and killed Debra Clayton, our first homicide in the city of Orlando this year, one of the officers protecting our community,” said Mina. Orlando Police confirmed that Clayton was one of the officers who responded to the shooting at Pulse nightclub in which 49 patrons were killed. Last June’s massacre in Orlando was the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Clayton, who was married and has a college-aged son, also was known for her mentoring of young people and her involvement in the community in which she had grown up. In the Wal-Mart parking lot Tuesday morning, shoppers laid more than two dozen bouquets of flowers, teddy bears and candles in a makeshift memorial. Some shoppers, like Hal Shore, stopped to say a prayer or take a photo. “It’s important that the country is aware that there is a war against police officers,” said Shore, a cabinet maker. An apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt Monday afternoon didn’t appear to have any police searches going on Tuesday morning. Some front doors were boarded up from being kicked in Monday because residents weren’t home when authorities came knocking. “I’m confident he is gone,” said Ida Seck, a resident who had worked with Clayton in her job as a security officer at Universal Orlando Resort. “For things like this to happen, yeah I’m scared for safety and my son’s safety but really there is nothing you can do.” Court documents show Loyd’s criminal record goes back two decades. He was arrested in 1996 on a murder charge that was later dropped. Loyd was arrested for battery on an officer in 1998 and sentenced to more than four years in prison. While behind bars, he pleaded guilty to cocaine possession from a prior case and was transferred to federal prison before being released in July 2014, according to federal records. More recently, his wife whom he is in the process of divorcing, had filed a request for a temporary injunction against him in 2015, and he followed with a similar request against her three days later. Both requests were eventually dismissed in court. He also had paternity suits from three different women filed against him. His Facebook profile had videos of him working out at a gym and hanging out at a nightclub. He said in a November post, “Goals!!!! To be on Americas (sic) most wanted,” followed by a series of laughing-with-tears emojis. An Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputy was killed more than two hours after Monday’s shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings described the 35-year-old Norman Lewis as “a gentle giant,” and the sheriff’s office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. Funerals were planned for Lewis for Friday and Clayton for Saturday. Topics: Government News U.S. News Leave A Comment Home » The Associated Press » Government News » Reward raised for capture… Partners FEDERAL INSIGHTS The Associated Press Government News U.S. News Business News World News Technology News Entertainment News Sports News Fed Photo of the Day Photos of the amazing, moving, important and amusing things happening in the federal community. Today In History 1966: LBJ appoints first African-American Cabinet member A daily update of important moments in the history of the U.S. government. Recommended Widespread congressional support for Mattis as Defense secretary suddenly devolves along partisan lines Top Story Federal pay freeze likely under new Congress Commentary Chaffetz calls for scrutiny of ethics watchdog for Trump tweets Hearings/Oversight How Fort Myer handles thousands of service members for the inauguration Defense Small Business Administration to help find jobs for Peace Corps volunteers Hiring/Retention Government News Previous Story Daugaard: Amazon to begin collecting taxes in South Dakota Next Story US warns of unusual cybersecurity flaw in heart devices Email Alerts RSS Feeds News Team Careers Contact Us About Us WTOP Federal Marketing Insights Hubbard Radio Podcast DC Advertise Partners & Events Press Releases Media Kit Radio Shows Sports Copyright © 2016 by Federal News Radio. All rights reserved. Terms of Use Copyright/Usage Policy DMCA Notice Privacy Policy Comment Policy EEO Report FCC Online Public Inspection File
Subscribe Sign In Home Contact SFGate Classifieds About SFGate About SFGate FAQ SFGate Newsletters SFGate Staff Careers Site Index Hearst About The Chronicle About The Chronicle The Chronicle Staff Become a Subscriber Manage Your Subscription Customer Service Careers e-edition Back Copies Chronicle in Education Corrections Advertise with Us More on Advertising More on Advertising Place a Classified Ad About Our Ads Public Notices Local Business Directory Place an Obituary Gate List Store Privacy policy Privacy policy Ad Choices Chronicle Archives Terms of Use Newsletters Get news alerts SFGate Customer support Get VIP access with SF Chronicle Membership Get SFGate newsletters for the latest from the Bay Check out the Top 100 Bay Area restaurants Local Bay Area & State News Traffic Weather Crime Earthquakes Obituaries Video Kevin Starr, historian and former state librarian, dead at 76 S.F. rally to save Obamacare draws Joan Baez, political leaders 2 tossed out of GoCar in wreck in SF’s Mission District CIA chief rips Trump over Russia News Education Nation World Politics Cannabis Sponsored: CA Clean Energy Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat Contra Costa County deputy arrested for firing gun at party AP PHOTOS: Editor selections from the past week in Asia PBS: No 'red flag' on funding under Trump, but it's early Sports 49ers Raiders Giants A's Warriors Sports Blogs Sports Calendar NFL MLB NBA College Preps Golf Outdoors Warriors’ Curry seems to be back on track since loss to Cavs 49ers interview Tom Cable — plum candidates still busy Report: Ex-49ers coach Kelly interviewed with Jaguars It’s official: Justin Wilcox is Cal’s next football coach Business Scotland Business Opportunities Technology Mortgage Rates Home Guides Public Notices Sponsored Content The Tech Chronicles VisionSF Jobs Buzzfeed dubs Whataburger better than In-N-Out, Shake Shack For young entrepreneurs, college debts can snuff out startup Aerospace firms start recruiting in prekindergarten Air India’s women-only row; Lyft’s big loss; driverless in A&E The Daily Dish Snow Movies Music & Nightlife Performance Art Blogs Events TV Horoscope Comics Crosswords & Puzzles Reno-Tahoe Things To Do Julia Cho’s ‘Aubergine’ wins 2017 Glickman Award The latest from Dear Abby Live Nation acquires major stake in BottleRock festival ‘Patriots Day’ skillfully shoehorns tragedy into formula Food Restaurants Wine Top 100 Restaurants Chronicle Wine Competition Reservations Beer News Inside Scoop SF Healthy Eating Michael Bauer's Blog The Riddler opens in Hayes Valley Announcing the Chronicle's 2017 wine competition winners 10 ideas for where to put the French Laundry’s temporary Cafe St. Jorge gets new owners on Mission Street Living Home & Garden Style Parties Lust LGBT Mommy Files & Parenting Houzz Outdoors Health Blogs Education Sponsored Schools, Camps & Activities Cannabis Underwater towns of Northern California Top 10 home decor trends for 2017 Our favorite Instagram photos of the week - Jan. 14th Travel Monterey-Carmel Weekend Getaways Wine Country Napa Reno-Tahoe Hawaii Mexico Snow Chris McGinnis' Travel Tips Rick Steves: Wandering backstreets of Montmartre Travel Troubleshooter: Amtrak wheelchair-accessible room not safe One Day, One Place: Paddling through heart of Dublin Lower East Side reaching higher as destination Real Estate New Homes Open Homes Luxury Rentals Mortgage Rates Commercial Place an ad Home Guides Home Sales On the Block Blog Hot Property: ‘Simply perfect’ contemporary awaits in Russian Hill Gothic Tudor formerly owned by Nicolas Cage asks $12 Hot Property: Full-floor penthouse inside Haight Ashbury Is this supercool Oakland pad an incredible bargain? Cars Dealers Click and Clack Car Blog My Ride Al's Road to the Big Game Sell Your Car Dreams of a red sports car come true Faraday Future claims Tesla-beating supercar Sporty hatchback joins Honda Civic family 1998 Ford Mustang GT Jobs Job Events Advertise Salary Wizard Get To Work Are thank-you letters enough? Keep these job search habits in 2017 Choose appropiate gifts for job seekers Hurry up and wait Classifieds Chronicle Latest columns Michael Bauer Leah Garchik Bruce Jenkins Esther Mobley Ann Killion Otis R. Taylor Jr. Thomas Lee Matier & Ross Heather Knight Kathleen Pender Scott Ostler Special Report: Forgotten Survivors of AIDS Rising reality: Managing rising sea levels Beyond Homelessness: Tackling SF's epidemic Michael Bauer's Top 100 Restaurants MenuSections http://www.sfgate.com/news/crime/article/Orlando-mourns-deaths-of-2-law-enforcement-10846778.php Reward raised for capture of suspect in officer killing Mike Schneider and Terrance Harris, Associated Press Updated 12:24 am, Wednesday, January 11, 2017 Photo: Stephen M. Dowell, AP Image 1of/9 Caption Close Image 1 of 9 Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) less Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted ... more Photo: Stephen M. Dowell, AP Image 2 of 9 Friends and colleagues console each other after the body of an unidentified OCSO deputy was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed while responding to the fatal shooting of an Orlando Police officer in Orlando, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) less Friends and colleagues console each other after the body of an unidentified OCSO deputy was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed while responding to the fatal shooting of ... more Photo: Joe Burbank, AP Image 3 of 9 Florida Highway Patrol Troopers secure the scene after Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was struck and killed by a vehicle in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in the crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) less Florida Highway Patrol Troopers secure the scene after Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was struck and killed by a vehicle in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police ... more Photo: Red Huber, AP Image 4 of 9 Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) less Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted ... more Photo: Stephen M. Dowell, AP Image 5 of 9 Orange County sheriff deputies salute as the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in the line of duty in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) less Orange County sheriff deputies salute as the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in the line ... more Photo: Joe Burbank, AP Image 6 of 9 Friends and colleagues console each other following the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in the line of duty in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) less Friends and colleagues console each other following the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in ... more Photo: Joe Burbank, AP Image 7 of 9 Law enforcement officers search an apartment complex for a suspect near where a police officer was shot and killed, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Law enforcement officers search an apartment complex for a suspect near where a police officer was shot and killed, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Photo: John Raoux, AP Image 8 of 9 Law enforcement officers search an area for a suspect near where a police officer was shot and killed, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Law enforcement officers search an area for a suspect near where a police officer was shot and killed, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Photo: John Raoux, AP Image 9 of 9 Reward raised for capture of suspect in officer killing 1 / 9 Back to Gallery ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Authorities raised to $100,000 the reward for information leading to the arrest of a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police sergeant on Tuesday as he eluded hundreds of officers on the second day of a massive manhunt. Authorities advised that arrest warrants were being prepared for people who may have helped 41-year-old Markeith Loyd evade deputies in the past month as they searched for him for questioning in the slaying of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot Monday morning after she approached Loyd in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando. Many of her colleagues immediately joined the pursuit; among them was a sheriff's deputy who died when he was thrown from his motorcycle in an accident. More than 300 tips from the public have been made, said Barb Bergin, executive director of Crimeline, the tip-line service which is offering the reward, originally set for $60,000. "We have never burned or harmed a tipster. They are kept anonymous," Bergin said in a plea for more tips. "We will not identify you. We just need to know where he is so no one else is hurt." Graphiq Orange County Sheriff's Office deputies in metro Orlando had been looking for Loyd since his ex-girlfriend was killed. "Certainly it's upsetting he was out and about and killed Debra Clayton, our first homicide in the city of Orlando this year, one of the officers protecting our community," said Mina. Orlando Police confirmed that Clayton was one of the officers who responded to the shooting at Pulse nightclub in which 49 patrons were killed. Last June's massacre in Orlando was the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Clayton, who was married and has a college-aged son, also was known for her mentoring of young people and her involvement in the community in which she had grown up. In the Wal-Mart parking lot Tuesday morning, shoppers laid more than two dozen bouquets of flowers, teddy bears and candles in a makeshift memorial. Some shoppers, like Hal Shore, stopped to say a prayer or take a photo. "It's important that the country is aware that there is a war against police officers," said Shore, a cabinet maker. An apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt Monday afternoon didn't appear to have any police searches going on Tuesday morning. Some front doors were boarded up from being kicked in Monday because residents weren't home when authorities came knocking. Graphiq "I'm confident he is gone," said Ida Seck, a resident who had worked with Clayton in her job as a security officer at Universal Orlando Resort. "For things like this to happen, yeah I'm scared for safety and my son's safety but really there is nothing you can do." Court documents show Loyd's criminal record goes back two decades. He was arrested in 1996 on a murder charge that was later dropped. Loyd was arrested for battery on an officer in 1998 and sentenced to more than four years in prison. While behind bars, he pleaded guilty to cocaine possession from a prior case and was transferred to federal prison before being released in July 2014, according to federal records. More recently, his wife whom he is in the process of divorcing, had filed a request for a temporary injunction against him in 2015, and he followed with a similar request against her three days later. Both requests were eventually dismissed in court. He also had paternity suits from three different women filed against him. His Facebook profile had videos of him working out at a gym and hanging out at a nightclub. He said in a November post, "Goals!!!! To be on Americas (sic) most wanted," followed by a series of laughing-with-tears emojis. An Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy was killed more than two hours after Monday's shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings described the 35-year-old Norman Lewis as "a gentle giant," and the sheriff's office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. Graphiq Funerals were planned for Lewis for Friday and Clayton for Saturday. Latest from the SFGATE homepage: Click below for the top news from around the Bay Area and beyond. Sign up for our newsletters to be the first to learn about breaking news and more. Go to 'Sign In' and 'Manage Profile' at the top of the page. LATEST NEWS 49ers ripped for interviewing ex-Raiders head coach Bikers for Trump will form 'wall of meat' to protect inauguration Former deputy arrested in Sacramento house shooting SF rally to save Obamacare draws almost 2,000 Former California librarian Kevin Starr dies at 76 Local teacher found guilty of child molestation, could get life Author responds to Steve Harvey’s Asian men joke Woman climbs out of crashed car, survives night in tree Buzzfeed picks this burger over In-N-Out, Shake Shack Fast food chains the Bay Area doesn't have (but needs) Does Texas burger chain live up to the hype? In-N-Out's reclusive heiress reveals shocking personal details Two tossed out of GoCar in SF Mission wreck Woman climbs out of crashed car, survives night in tree Hunters claiming to be shot by Mexicans shot each other Facebook will filter 'fake news' in Germany Photography festival coming to San Francisco Foo Fighters, Tom Petty to headline BottleRock 2017 TODAY'S TOP PICKS The best-selling artist born in each state Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump over tweets, Russia Underwater towns of Northern California SFGATE'S BEST DEALS Sponsored Get 66% off these waterproof bags to keep your things dry in... Save half off this commuter-friendly bag to carry your... Most Popular 1 Fake news? That didn't stop Sid Miller from spreading it 2 Outgoing CIA chief rips into Trump on Russia threat 3 Richmond teacher faces life in prison after being found guilty... 4 Noisy Air Force transport jets startle Marin County residents 5 ‘SNL': Watch Golden Showers Ruin Alec Baldwin’s Trump’s... 6 American Apparel to close all of its stores 7 Video shows police tackling and beating a black man suspected... 8 Before-and-after photos show California storm's insane impact... 9 49ers interview Tom Cable — plum candidates still busy 10 2 tossed out of GoCar in wreck in SF’s Mission District LATEST NEWS 49ers ripped for interviewing ex-Raiders head coach Bikers for Trump will form 'wall of meat' to protect inauguration Former deputy arrested in Sacramento house shooting SF rally to save Obamacare draws almost 2,000 Former California librarian Kevin Starr dies at 76 Local teacher found guilty of child molestation, could get life Author responds to Steve Harvey’s Asian men joke Woman climbs out of crashed car, survives night in tree THE CHRONICLE'S VISIONSF Inspiring Leadership with Purpose Learn about visionary Bay Area business leaders who strive to make the world a better place. View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Our Company Careers Advertising Ad Choices Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Customer Service Newsroom Contacts Connect Sign up for Email Alerts Facebook Twitter Pinterest Google Instagram Subscribe SFChronicle.com App e-edition The Chronicle Archives Subscription Offers Store Subscriber Services Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Communications, Inc.
Newsroom Advertise News Alerts Weather School Closings (WJAC) My Account Search for: Select Home News Local News Top Stories National News International News Opinions Features Business News Election Marcellus Shale Health News Partner News Sports Local Sports National Sports PSU Sports News Spikes Obituaries Crime A & E Events Taste of Home Contest Classifieds Shop Weekly Circulars Grocery Coupons Gift Cards & More Half Off Deals Celebrations Celebrations Submission Clearfield-Lawrence Consolidation Home / News / National News / Orlando shooting: Police search for suspect after female officer is killed Orlando shooting: Police search for suspect after female officer is killed Posted on Tuesday, January 10, 2017 by CNN in National News A massive manhunt continued Tuesday after an Orlando police officer was shot and killed, and another officer died in a traffic accident as he helped search for the gunman. The suspect, identified at Markeith Loyd, is considered “armed and extremely dangerous.” Hundreds of law enforcement officers have been hunting for him since Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, was shot outside a Walmart on Monday. On Monday morning, Clayton had received word that Loyd, who is a suspect in the killing of his pregnant girlfriend, was near a local Walmart. She chased after him and was fatally shot. The suspect fled the scene, triggering an intense manhunt that included door-to-door searches in apartment complexes. Dozens of schools were placed on lockdown until Monday afternoon. Hours later, another officer died while taking part in the manhunt when his motorcycle collided with another vehicle. He was identified as Orange County Sheriff’s Deputy First Class Norman Lewis. With two officers dead and a suspect at large, police have vowed to find Loyd. They are offering up to $60,000 in reward for information leading to his arrest. “I’m confident we will find him,” said Orlando Police Chief John Mina. “It doesn’t matter where he is. We will track him down to the ends of the Earth to find him.” The pursuit After the shooting, Loyd fled in a vehicle and fired shots at another officer, police said. That officer was not seriously injured. The suspect then abandoned the first vehicle and carjacked another one. He ditched that second vehicle shortly after and ran into an apartment complex, Mina said. Residents were urged to stay inside. Mina said officers searched “dozens of apartments and residences.” “I believe there have been people out there helping him all along,” he said. “If we find out about those people we will criminally charge them.” He said Loyd would be charged with first-degree murder of a law enforcement officer and attempted murder of the officer he fired at. Many officers in the area joined the effort to find Loyd. Among them was Deputy Norman Lewis with the Orange County Sheriff’s, who died in a crash as he was on his motorcycle. “A motorist turned in front of him,” Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said. “Based on eyewitness testimony, he had a green light, he was not traveling at any (high) rate of speed.” Lewis had worked 11 years with the sheriff’s department. “To lose two law enforcement officers on this Law Enforcement Officer Appreciation Day is indeed a tragedy,” the sheriff said. The department is mourning Lewis, but there is also a suspect on the loose. “While we’re processing our own emotional feelings, we still have a job to do,” Demings said. ‘He shot her down’ The shooting happened early Monday morning after Clayton had received word that Loyd was in the area near a local Walmart. She radioed at 7:17 a.m. to say she was trying to contact a murder suspect. Loyd was wanted in the December 13 fatal shooting of Sade Dixon, 24, his pregnant girlfriend, CNN affiliate WFTV reported. Clayton tried to stop Loyd and briefly chased the suspect on foot, said the Orlando police chief. “As soon as she said stop, he basically opened fire on her,” Mina said. A witness outside the Walmart described a similar scene. “I was walking down the sidewalk, right past the officer, and I heard her tell him to stop, or whatever, and he shot her,” witness James Herman told CNN affiliate WFTV. “He shot her down.” The gunman continued shooting behind him as he was running from the scene, Herman said. He also said the man wore a security shirt, but Mina said the suspect was not a security guard. Clayton returned fire but investigators don’t think she struck the gunman, Mina said. Colleagues mourn death of veteran officer Mina said his department is grieving the death of Clayton, a 17-year veteran. “I’ve known Debra for 17 years. She was extremely committed to our youth and the community. She did so many different projects in the community. “She organized several marches against violence by herself,” the police chief said. Clayton was married and the mother of a college-age son. Clayton’s death marks the first fatal shooting of a law enforcement officer in the United States in 2017, said Steve Groeninger of the National Law Enforcement Officers Memorial Fund. Clayton and Lewis are the second and third on-duty law enforcement officer to die in 2017. 5 things for Tuesday, January 10, 2017: Orlando manhunt, Jeff Sessions, Donald Trump Clemson shocks Alabama to win first national title in 35 years Related Posts Creflo Dollar: The devil is trying to discredit me over jet campaign Super Bowl 2016: Are you ready for football’s biggest game? SeaWorld says current generation of killer whales at parks will be its last Are fish falling from the sky in Fairbanks? Leave a Reply Cancel reply You must be logged in to post a comment. Jobs from Indeed What: Where: jobs by gantdaily.com Carambola © 2014 GantDaily.com. All rights reserved. About | Contact | Privacy Policy | Terms & Cond Top
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad Reward raised for capture of suspect in officer killing By Associated Press Published: 19:07 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 19:07 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — Authorities raised to $100,000 the reward for information leading to the arrest of a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police sergeant on Tuesday as he eluded hundreds of officers on the second day of a massive manhunt. Authorities advised that arrest warrants were being prepared for people who may have helped 41-year-old Markeith Loyd evade deputies in the past month as they searched for him for questioning in the slaying of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot Monday morning after she approached Loyd in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando. Many of her colleagues immediately joined the pursuit; among them was a sheriff's deputy who died when he was thrown from his motorcycle in an accident. Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) More than 300 tips from the public have been made, said Barb Bergin, executive director of Crimeline, the tip-line service which is offering the reward, originally set for $60,000. "We have never burned or harmed a tipster. They are kept anonymous," Bergin said in a plea for more tips. "We will not identify you. We just need to know where he is so no one else is hurt." Orange County Sheriff's Office deputies in metro Orlando had been looking for Loyd since his ex-girlfriend was killed. "Certainly it's upsetting he was out and about and killed Debra Clayton, our first homicide in the city of Orlando this year, one of the officers protecting our community," said Mina. Orlando Police confirmed that Clayton was one of the officers who responded to the shooting at Pulse nightclub in which 49 patrons were killed. Last June's massacre in Orlando was the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Clayton, who was married and has a college-aged son, also was known for her mentoring of young people and her involvement in the community in which she had grown up. In the Wal-Mart parking lot Tuesday morning, shoppers laid more than two dozen bouquets of flowers, teddy bears and candles in a makeshift memorial. Some shoppers, like Hal Shore, stopped to say a prayer or take a photo. "It's important that the country is aware that there is a war against police officers," said Shore, a cabinet maker. An apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt Monday afternoon didn't appear to have any police searches going on Tuesday morning. Some front doors were boarded up from being kicked in Monday because residents weren't home when authorities came knocking. "I'm confident he is gone," said Ida Seck, a resident who had worked with Clayton in her job as a security officer at Universal Orlando Resort. "For things like this to happen, yeah I'm scared for safety and my son's safety but really there is nothing you can do." Court documents show Loyd's criminal record goes back two decades. He was arrested in 1996 on a murder charge that was later dropped. Loyd was arrested for battery on an officer in 1998 and sentenced to more than four years in prison. While behind bars, he pleaded guilty to cocaine possession from a prior case and was transferred to federal prison before being released in July 2014, according to federal records. More recently, his wife whom he is in the process of divorcing, had filed a request for a temporary injunction against him in 2015, and he followed with a similar request against her three days later. Both requests were eventually dismissed in court. He also had paternity suits from three different women filed against him. His Facebook profile had videos of him working out at a gym and hanging out at a nightclub. He said in a November post, "Goals!!!! To be on Americas (sic) most wanted," followed by a series of laughing-with-tears emojis. An Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy was killed more than two hours after Monday's shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings described the 35-year-old Norman Lewis as "a gentle giant," and the sheriff's office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. Funerals were planned for Lewis for Friday and Clayton for Saturday. Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Friends and colleagues console each other after the body of an unidentified OCSO deputy was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed while responding to the fatal shooting of an Orlando Police officer in Orlando, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Florida Highway Patrol Troopers secure the scene after Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was struck and killed by a vehicle in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in the crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Orange County sheriff deputies salute as the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in the line of duty in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Friends and colleagues console each other following the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in the line of duty in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Law enforcement officers search an apartment complex for a suspect near where a police officer was shot and killed, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Law enforcement officers search an area for a suspect near where a police officer was shot and killed, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
News Deals Cell Phone Plans Apps & Games Reviews The Best Forums more Giveaways Features How To Android Development About Contact Advertise Newsletter VRSource SoundGuys TabTimes Charged Trending Pixel XL OnePlus 3T Huawei Mate 9 Honor Magic Galaxy S7 edge Hey there, We have a new app! The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse everywhere. Our new app contains all the top Android news, reviews, app & games and the best deals just for you. Now with Disqus profile integration. Get it on Android Authority newsletter The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Our main newsletter is the Android Weekly which is sent every Sunday and contains all the top Android news, reviews and features from the past week. The best way to stay connected to the Android pulse. Android Weekly Breaking News Alerts Trending Articles Review Alerts Deals Alerts View previous campaigns 100% Privacy, No Spam Policy: We value privacy and your email address will be 100% secure. We hate spam just like you do and will never send you too much email, nor will we ever share your information with anyone. Buy now! Name: Subject: Message: Avoid long checkout lines with the new Walmart Scan & Go app for Android Apps & Games Newsby Mitja Rutnik6 days ago 15 444 40 Long checkout lines in stores are one of the most annoying parts of shopping. Especially for people who are a bit impatient by nature. Retailers are trying different things to make the checkout process faster, but not all of them work as planned. Walmart is one of the retailers trying to fix this problem. The company has recently released its Scan & Go Android app that promises to speed up the shopping process. How does it work, you ask? When you’re shopping in a Walmart store, simply open the app and scan the barcode of each product before you place it in your shopping cart. As you shop, you’ll see the running total of the items in your cart. Once you’ve scanned all the products, simply pay the bill in the app and show the receipt that appears on your phone to the exit greeter on the way out. See also: 10 best shopping apps for Android March 10, 2016 By using the app, you really do save quite a bit of time when shopping at Walmart, especially if the store is crowded. Keep in mind that there is more work involved than usual, as you have to scan all the products yourself. It looks like Walmart is currently testing the app to see how it works in real life scenarios. That’s probably one of the reasons why you can only use it in one store for now, which is located in Rogers, Arkansas. Hopefully, you’ll eventually be able to use the app in other Walmart stores across the country as well. If you want to try out the Walmart Scan & Go app, simply click the button below and visit the Google Play Store to download it to your device. Download the Walmart Scan & Go app Apps & Games News Walmart, Walmart Scan & Go Walmart, Walmart Scan & Go  Google Play Store Mitja Rutnik Deals 88% Unblock All: Lifetime Subscription $313 $39 88% PureVPN: Lifetime Subscription $597 $69 80% Brain.fm: Lifetime Subscription $199.99 $39 Pay What You Want: Learn to Code 2017 Bundle $1,573.00 $35 Show 15 comments The Best   Best Android phones androidauthority   Best Fitness Trackers androidauthority   Best Android Watches androidauthority   Best Bluetooth Speaker soundguys   Best Wireless Bluetooth Earbuds soundguys   Best Headphones of 2016 soundguys Sunday Giveaway   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 7 hours ago23 comments Subscribe to Our Weekly Newsletter SUBSCRIBE The field is required Please enter a valid email address Latest News   Moto Z and Moto Z Droid Android 7.0 kernel source code ready for tinkering 1 hour ago   LG G6 promised to be safer from explosions and overheating 4 hours ago   Which Fitbit is right for you? (January 2017) 6 hours ago   Must read: top 10 Android stories 7 hours ago   Google Pixel XL International Giveaway! 7 hours ago Latest Reviews   HTC announces the mid-range HTC U Play 4 days ago   HTC U Ultra hands-on: a major change for HTC 4 days ago 7.8  HTC Bolt review: the better data speed might not be worth it 5 days ago Android Authority APP Get it on About Contact Advertise Newsletter Your source for all things Android! About Contact Advertise Newsletter © 2017 Android Authority | All Rights Reserved.
CLOSE Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Magazines Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory E-Edition Weather Subscribe Contact Us Free Time Local Directory Magazines Buy Photos Local All Local Local News Local Sports Local Features Magazines Local Opinion Columns Editorials Letters Weather Events Nuptials Engagements Weddings Anniversaries Obituaries On the Record Church Directory News Local State Indiana Other states National Business Entertainment International Living Science & Technology Sports Local Sports All Sports Classifieds Classifieds Front Page Place an Ad Top Jobs Monster Jobs Call an Expert Sheriff Sales Contact Us About Us Advertise Submissions Subscribe Subscribe E-Edition Read the E-Edition Subscribe Forgot / Reset Password Manage your account Apple E-Edition App Android E-Edition App Archives Local Directory On the Record Police, Fire – January 10 By Staff Reports - 1/9/17 6:55 PM Franklin Property-damage accidents 11 a.m. Saturday — U.S. 31 and Westview Drive. 5:26 a.m. Saturday — State Road 44 and U.S. 31. 12:07 p.m. Friday — U.S. 31 and Oakville Boulevard. 7:45 a.m. Friday — State Road 44E., at Interstate 65. Criminal mischief 1000 block of Hurricane Road: An officer observed at 4:24 p.m. Friday that a newspaper box and mailbox were knocked down with tire tracks leading to the items. 900 block of Creekwood Lane: A man reported at 1:45 a.m. Sunday that someone threw eggs on his vehicle. Thefts 2300 block of Cedarmill Drive: A man reported at 4:13 p.m. Friday that someone stole his Christmas lights. Walmart Tire and Lube, 2125 U.S. 31 North: An employee reported at 12:07 p.m. Sunday that a cargo van pulled up to outside tires and stole them. 2800 block of U.S. 31 North: A woman reported at 12:38 p.m. Sunday that someone stole her identification card and her and a relative’s social security card. Greenwood Criminal mischief 400 block of E. Pearl Street: Police responded at 11:58 p.m. Saturday to a report of criminal mischief. Battery 700 block of S. Madison Avenue: Police responded at 7:15 a.m. Saturday to a report of battery. Thefts Four Seasons, 1140 N. State Road 135: Police responded at 8:43 a.m. Friday to a report of theft from a vehicle. Walmart, 1133 N. Emerson Avenue: Police responded at 10:49 a.m. Friday to a report of theft. Walmart, 1133 N. Emerson Avenue: Police responded at 1:18 a.m. Monday to a report of theft. 2200 block of Summer Breeze Way: Police responded at 7:45 a.m. Monday to a report of theft. Johnson County Criminal mischief 1000 block of S. Old U.S. 31, Franklin: A woman reported at 9:43 a.m. Saturday that someone slashed the tires on her vehicle. 4600 block of Running Brook Terrace, Greenwood: A man reported at 11:58 a.m. Sunday that someone threw eggs in his vehicle. Property-damage accident 6:33 p.m. Saturday — County Road 110N and County Road 300E, Greenwood. Anthony Davis, 18, Indianapolis and Jay C. Boring, 45, Franklin. Boring reported knee/lower leg/foot pain. Jail bookings The following people recently were arrested and booked into the Johnson County Jail: Antonio T. Campbell, 35, 6040 Carpenter Ave., Chicago, Illinois; arrested on a charge of driving without ever receiving a license; held on $1,000 bond. Sarah I. De Leon Paredes, 19, 3214 Baltimore Ave., Indianapolis; arrested on a charge of driving without ever receiving a license; released on $250 bond. Joshua P. Davis, 26, 1109 E. Edgewood Ave., Indianapolis; arrested on an out of county warrant; held without bond. Shayna Marie Reanne Gray, 24, 498 S. Main St., Franklin; arrested on a charge of driving while suspended with a previous conviction; released on $1,000 bond. Amanda Rae Glover, 33, 5351 U.S. 31 South, Room 15; arrested on a charge of resisting an officer and out of county warrants; held without bond. Tyler Jon Alexander Bartnovsky, 24, 1285 U.S. 31 South, Franklin; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; released on $688 bond. Keith Bernard McCoy, 42, 6736 Earlswood Drive, Indianapolis; arrested on a charge of driving while suspended with a previous conviction; held on $1,000 bond. Brittany N. Calvin, 26, 6303 Kings Canyon Drive, Indianapolis; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; held without bond. Lamar Andre Vinson, 37, homeless, Indianapolis; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; held on $168 bond. Brayden W. Irvin, 19, 5417 Burcham Way, Indianapolis; arrested on a warrant for failure to appear in court; held on $500 bond. Sarah Denise Dennis, 33, 2602 N. Olney St., Indianapolis; arrested on a charge of violation of probation; held without bond. Ronald W. Harvey, 38, 2652 Grand Fir Drive, Greenwood; arrested on charges of domestic battery and driving while suspended with a previous conviction; held on $1,250 bond. Perry Nathaniel Warfield, 40, 13 Watson Drive, Trafalgar; arrested on a charge of possession of a controlled substance; held on $2,000 bond. The following person recently was arrested on a charge of driving while intoxicated and booked into jail: Gregory P. Killion, 46, 6215 McFarland Road, Indianapolis; released on $1,200 bond. STAY CONNECTED 11,564FansLike 3,566FollowersFollow ABOUT USNobody covers Johnson county and the surrounding areas like Daily Journal. Contact us: editorial@dailyjournal.net FOLLOW US © All content copyright Daily Journal, a publication of AIM Media Indiana unless otherwise noted.
Temp: 66° NEWS Seen On 13 Brevard Flagler Lake Marion Orange Osceola Seminole Sumter Volusia State National Health Space Español WEATHER StormTracker 13 Radar Weather Photos Forecast Marine Travel Sky 13 Cameras Tropical Hurricane Center Weather Experts Blog TRAFFIC Traffic News Gas Tracker Traffic Inbox Traffic Cams I-4 Ultimate SPORTS TV Schedule Scores & Schedules High School In the Community College Pro Outdoors Contact Sports Video ON THE TOWN Entertainment News Food and Dining Travel Attractions COMMUNITY Special Events Community Calendar Education Project Weather Everyday Hero Good News POLITICS Florida Decides Political Connections Inauguration D.C. Digest BUSINESS Your Job Your Transportation Technology Consumer Wise Economy Extra on the Web CES 2017 LOTTO VIDEO NEWS TRENDING: Ringling Bros. to close | Coverage on law enforcement deaths | Polk Co. house fire TAKE NEWS 13 WITH YOU: Get our news and weather on the road with the News 13+ app WATCH LIVE: Lewis' funeral, 2:30 p.m. Sunday Orlando officer dead, Orange deputy dies amid shooting manhunt By News 13 Team Coverage, Last Updated: Tuesday, January 10, 2017, 8:51 AM EST Video Stories WATCH: Law enforcement news conference on shooting WATCH: News 13 reporters at the scene WATCH: Sheriff Jerry Demings on manhunt WATCH: Chief John Mina, Mayor Buddy Dyer on suspect search An Orlando Police officer was shot and killed during the search for a homicide suspect early Monday, and a motorcycle deputy who was struck by a van during the manhunt has also died. The manhunt continues for Markeith Loyd, who was also being sought in connection to the December shooting death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Orlando Police said. Although there is a decreased police presence at a Rosemont-area apartment complex, SWAT and other law enforcement officers are still going apartment to apartment, as they have through much of the day. Officers were seen boarding up one of the apartments Monday evening. A crime scene van also pulled up.  A reward of up to $60,000 is being offered for information leading to Loyd's arrest. Call Crimeline at 1-800-423-TIPS (8477). Callers can remain anonymous. Orlando Police officer shot, killed [Jump to ▼] Orange deputy involved in manhunt dies after crash [Jump to ▼] INTERACTIVE: The search for an Orlando police officer's killer [Jump to ▼] Markeith Loyd is wanted in connection to shooting Loyd also sought in December shooting of pregnant ex-girlfriend Nearly 2 dozen schools locked down | [Jump to schools ▼] Roads shut down for manhunt | [Jump to road closures ▼] LIVE UPDATES: Our reporters at the scene RELATED: Orlando Police chief: Slain officer Debra Clayton is a hero Orange County Deputy Norm Lewis called 'a hero, a gentle giant' Orange County school bus drivers used training during lock down The latest On Tuesday morning, the police department tweeted a link to an official GoFundMe page for the fallen officer and her patrol vehicle was put in a place of honor in front of the Orlando Police Department Headquarters. Master Sergeant Debra Clayton's patrol vehicle will remain outside of OPD HQ for now. pic.twitter.com/bNR1BdBnqs — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 10, 2017 Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was shot at the Wal-Mart at 3101 West Princeton St. on Monday morning. She was taken to Orlando Regional Medical Center, where she died, Orlando Police said. The Orlando Police Department family is heartbroken today. One of our own was taken in the line of duty. There are no words. pic.twitter.com/M48o1nnr4h — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 9, 2017 At a Monday afternoon, news conference, Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said several hundred law enforcement officials are looking for Loyd and urged him turn himself in. The search is centered on Brookside Apartments on Cinderlane Parkway in Orlando, where people and vehicles continue to be turned away around the area as the manhunt goes on. Orlando Police teams have searched hundreds of apartments at the complex, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. SWAT team members are at the scene — we will not reveal any of their tactical locations for their safety. Officers were seen boarding up one of the apartments Monday evening. "We're not going anywhere. If we don't have this individual by nightfall, we're not going anywhere," Demings said. "We will work with anyone to bring him to justice... Otherwise, this is going to be a very risky operation for all of us." Earlier Monday — which also marked Law Enforcement Appreciation Day — Orlando Police Chief John Mina praised Clayton, 42, a 17-year veteran of the force. "Debra Clayton is a hero and she gave her life protecting the community that she loves. She will be deeply missed," Mina said. "We are giving everything her husband needs... She is married with children," he said. City Commissioner of District 5 Regina Hill expressed horror and grief over the death of Clayton, whom Hill said was her liaison with the police department. "Oh God!!!! Please pray for my OPD Liaison, She's been shot down in Pine Hills," she posted about Clayton. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared a day of mourning in the City of Orlando following the deaths in the line of duty of Clayton and the deputy. Gov. Rick Scott, who was in town for unrelated events, attended Monday's news conference. Loyd, 41, was already being sought by Orange County deputies in connection with the December shooting death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, 24, who was shot dead at her home. Her brother, Ronald Steward, was also shot and hospitalized. Loyd has had several drug, battery and robbery charges against him. In the some of the cases, he was found guilty; others have been dismissed. Orlando Police said Clayton was trying to contact a murder suspect at the Wal-Mart just after 7 a.m. Monday when she was shot. She returned fire, according to Mina, but Loyd was not thought to be struck. After the shooting of Clayton at the Wal-Mart, an Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy spotted Loyd fleeing in a vehicle at North Lane and Pine Hills Drive. When Loyd pulled into a nearby apartment complex, he allegedly shot at the deputy and also struck his unmarked Sheriff's Office vehicle twice, officials said.  Pine Hills resident Jamie Keen was taking her two children to school and says she saw the whole thing. I was literally right behind the officer's car,” she explained. If he would have missed that car he could have definitely could have hit our vehicle or some of us in the car." The deputy was unharmed. Loyd then carjacked a vehicle and fled again, Orlando Police said. He reportedly abandoned that vehicle near the intersection of Rosemont and Cinderlane Parkway, where the manhunt was centered. Keen says enough is enough. "Stop the gun violence to be honest, this is out of control,” Keen said. "etween our youths and our kids and I have two young, young boys. This is not something I wanted them to see." Several hours into the manhunt, Crimeline raised the reward for information leading to the arrest of Loyd to $60,000. Call Crimeline at 1-800-423-TIPS (8477). Callers can remain anonymous. Gov. Rick Scott, who attended Monday morning's news conference, issued this statement: “I am heartbroken and angered to hear of the shooting and death of Master Sgt. Debra Clayton this morning. I am also saddened by the death of an Orange County Sheriff’s Deputy who tragically lost his life in a vehicle accident while responding to this morning’s shooting. My wife Ann and I join Floridians across the state in praying for these officers and their families during this unimaginable time. "I proclaimed this week as First Responder Appreciation week, and on the first day of it today, this tragic shooting serves as a sobering reminder of how important it is for each one of us to take every opportunity to thank these heroes for their service and sacrifice.” Officials described Loyd as armed and dangerous and warned the public not to approach him but to call 911. “It doesn’t matter where he goes, we will track him down to the end of the earth," Mina said Monday. “We’re bringing this dirt bag to justice and he’s going to jail." The Walmart was closed through much of the day, reopening in the afternoon. The story is making counselors available for associates, as needed. Walmart released this statement Monday: "We're heartbroken by the Orlando police officer's and Orange County deputy's passing. Our thoughts and prayers are with their families and with both departments for their losses." The last time an Orlando Police officer was killed in the line of duty was Oct. 4, 2007, according to Orlando Police, when Officer Al Gordon was gunned down in a robbery near an ATM at Silver Star and North Hiawassee roads. &amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;amp;nbsp; Orange County deputy dies, another hurt Meanwhile, an Orange County motorcycle deputy involved in the manhunt collided with a minivan on Balboa Drive and Pine Hills Road and was taken to ORMC in critical condition, according to troopers. Deputy Norman Lewis, 35, from Orlando, died at ORMC, according to FHP Sgt. Kim Montes and the Sheriff's Office. The minivan, driven by 78-year-old Billie Jarrard of Clermont, pulled directly into the deputy's path, and charges are pending against the minivan's driver, Montes said. Sean Manuel, a witness to the Balboa Drive crash, said he and some men were passing by at about 9:30 a.m. when the motor deputy approached. He said they pulled over their vehicle to let Lewis pass, but just minutes later, they saw him lying in the road. That's when they jumped out to try to help. "He didn't say anything; he was mostly unconscious," Manuel said. "He then came back and squeezed my hand, but his hand was already getting cold." At the news conference Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings praised Lewis, whose identity was not released until late Monday. "We also lost a hero today," Demings said. "In my 36-year career, this has been one of the toughest days. ... To lose two law enforcement officers on Law Enforcement Appreciation Day is a tragedy." Troopers are investigating the crash, including whether Loyd could face any charges in Lewis' death. Just 20 minutes after the fatal deputy crash on Balboa Drive, a second motor deputy responding to the first deputy's crash was himself injured in a crash, troopers said. According to the FHP, a 2006 Chevrolet Impala driven by Jerry Lewis Brown, 36, of Orlando made a U-turn in the path of Deputy Nelson Borjas's motorcycle on Pine Hills Road just north of Balboa Drive. Brown was arrested on charges of driving with a suspended license. Borjas was taken to ORMC with minor injuries. A third motorcycle officer, from Orlando Police, was injured in yet a separate crash. That officer had minor injuries and is expected to be OK, Mina said. Road closures Several major roadways were shut down near rush hour as law enforcement officers search for the man wanted in connection to the police officer shooting. Cinderlane Parkway from Lake Orlando Parkway to Orange Blossom Trail was still closed Monday afternoon, where a massive apartment complex search for the suspect continues. Orange Blossom Trail northbound and Pine Hills Road near Balboa Drive were closed earlier for investigations but have reopened. Follow News 13 traffic reporter Ryan Harper on Twitter for the most up-to-date information on road closures. Schools locked down 3 p.m. update: Lockdowns have been lifted at all Orange County public schools. For private and charter schools, check with your school administration. Numerous schools near the Wal-Mart were placed on lockdown because of law enforcement activity. Students and staff are safe, Orange County Public Schools spokeswoman Lorena Hitchcock said. Those schools, both public, private and charter, were: Evans High School Pine Hills Elementary School Meadowbrook Middle School Positive Pathways Orange Center Rolling Hills Elementary School Rosemont Elementary Princeton House Charter School Aspire Academy Paragon Private School Pinewood Elementary School Innovations Kids Community College Lucious & Emma Nixon Academy Nap Ford Community School Oasis Orlando Science Charter School UCP Pine Hills Dream Big Preschool Academy St. Andrew Catholic School Resurrection Catholic Preschool Robinswood Middle School Gateway School Pine Hills Elementary School Lockhart Middle School Lockhart Elementary School Acceleration Academy West Orange Virtual School Lake Silver Elementary Esteem Academy Oak Hill Elementary School Latest News: Orange County Deputies investigate house in Apopka Funeral held for Orange County Deputy Norman Lewis Investigation ongoing after pedestrian death Funeral held for Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton 17-year-old boy shot, killed in Orange County, officials say Chick-fil-A near UCF honors fallen Orange County Deputy Norman Lewis Video: Police escort fallen Orlando officer's funeral procession MLK Parade map: Orlando road closures, parade route John Morgan still on the fence about FL Gov. 2018 run StormTracker 13 Radar Learn more  |  BHTV for iOS  |  BHTV for Android  |  BHTV for Kindle Fire  |  PC/Laptop Get the News 13+ App Download the News 13+ app for the latest News, Weather and Real Time Traffic at your fingertips. LIVE interactive Stormtracker 13 radar Custom Safety Net storm alerts LIVE interactive Real Time Traffic Upload pictures to News 13 from the app Community Calendar Find out what's happening in your neighborhood and submit your event now! All Events Brevard County Flagler County Lake County Marion County Orange County Osceola County Seminole County Sumter County Volusia County Breaking News Alerts Get instant Breaking News, Weather & Traffic alerts delivered directly to your cell phone or email with News 13 NOW. It's easy to sign up! &amp;amp;amp;nbsp; Nominate an Everyday Hero Every Monday, News 13 salutes an Everyday Hero making a positive difference in Central Florida. Do you know someone who should be an Everyday Hero? Let us know! Project Weather Weather can be mysterious, exciting and sometimes dangerous. That's why News 13 created Project Weather to help provide kids with the information they need to stay safe. Project Weather is made up of interactive educational resources to help prepare students for the future. News 13 Partners Stay In Touch Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to our Feeds Service Tools Breaking News Alerts Severe Weather Alerts News 13 App Center News 13 Watch Live Spectrum Email Make Us Your Home Page Marketplace Advertise with Us Your Neighborhood Partners Bay News 9 Spectrum Sports Charter Communications InfoMás Orlando Business Journal CNN.com About Us Contact Us Jobs Our People Awards Crime Guidelines Studio Tour Seen on 13 Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. ©2017 Charter Communications. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Bright House Networks' parent, Charter Communications Operating, LLC.
WSOC Charlotte LIVE http://www.wsoctv.com/cmg-main-theme/css WSOC Charlotte SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your wsoc profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 12388525 Home 12388579 News National & World News Report Breaking News Vote 2016 WSOC-TV apps Recalls 12388531 Weather Interactive Radar 5-Day Forecast Hour by Hour Forecast Video Sign Up! Closing Alerts Viewer Weather Pics Current Closings Report Closings WSOC-TV Weather Apps Closings Instructions 12388633 Traffic NC Traffic Cameras SC Traffic Cameras Gas Prices Flight Tracker 12388669 Sports Big 22 Charlotte Hornets NASCAR HSFB Scoreboard High School Football Carolina Panthers 12388795 9 Investigates Action 9 Whistleblower 9 Chopper 9 Skyzoom 12388717 Video WSOC-TV Live Live Breaking News 465970643 Coats For Kids Family Focus 9 School Tools 12388819 Entertainment GoCarolinas Contests 12388873 More About Us Contact Us TV64 Toyota of North Charlotte The Daily Two Advertise With Us Closed Captioning What's On Channel 9 What's On TV64 Privacy Policy Visitor Agreement Meet The Staff Talent Request Form More BREAKING NEWS Suspected gunman still on run as manhunt continues in Orlando officer's shooting death by: WFTV.com Updated: Jan 10, 2017 - 7:05 AM Twtter PINE HILLS, Fla. - A massive manhunt was still underway Tuesday morning for an “armed and dangerous” man accused of shooting and killing an Orlando, Florida, police master sergeant. >> Read more trending stories Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, died Monday morning at Orlando Regional Medical Center after Markeith Loyd shot her three times outside a Pine Hills-area Walmart, police said. “We’re not going anywhere. If we don’t have this individual by nightfall, we are not going anywhere,” said Orlando police Chief John Mina. That sentiment still rang true as the search reached its 11th hour. Authorities are offering a $60,000 reward for information on the whereabouts of Loyd.  "We're going to bring this dirtbag to justice and he's going to jail," Mina said. If you know the location of Markeith Loyd reward is up to $60,000. Please call @CrimelineFL pic.twitter.com/hHrf8bMDWt — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 9, 2017 Dozens of police vehicles descended on the area around the intersection of Pine Hills Road and North Lane, just south of Royal Oaks and Pineview apartments. "We have searched dozens of apartments and residences in an effort to find the suspect and bring him in. We have deployed numerous officers and detectives who specialize in looking for suspects who try and avoid capture. We are using every resource possible to find him and arrest him," Mina said. But by nightfall, only a few police cruisers remained outside a lone apartment in a complex that had been swarming with SWAT team members looking for Loyd. Mina said law enforcement believes that Loyd has been receiving help to stay hidden from officers.  Law enforcement officials warned that anyone helping Loyd hide could face serious charges.  © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter Suspected gunman still on run as manhunt continues in Orlando officer's… Trump cancels MLK Day visit to National African American Museum John Lewis on Donald Trump: 'Almost impossible for me to work with him' USDA issues new rule to protect horses from abusive practice of ‘soring' Teen abducted at birth shares song about alleged kidnapper News Local News National/World News Video Traffic WSOC-TV Weather Weather Storm Tracker HD Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About WSOC - TV What's on WSOC - TV Closed Captioning WSOC - TV EEOC Statement WSOC - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WSOC - TV Public File WAXN - TV EEOC Statement WAXN - TV Public File Contact / Program Director WAXN - TV Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
News Florida News Orlando police still hunting for man who killed officer Caption Family, friends, and community celebrate the life of Debra Clayton Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Caption Family, friends, and community celebrate the life of Debra Clayton Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Caption Man arrested on charges of aiding suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. Caption First appearance of Jameis Slaughter and Lakensha Smith-Loyd Loyd's niece Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend Jameis Slaughter are each facing a charge of accessory to first-degree murder, records show. Loyd's niece Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend Jameis Slaughter are each facing a charge of accessory to first-degree murder, records show. Caption Niece of Markeith Loyd arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Lakensha Loyd, niece of Markeith Loyd. was arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Lakensha Loyd, niece of Markeith Loyd. was arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Caption Orlando mourns slain officers in candlelight vigil Bishop Kelvin Cobaris and Orlando commissioner Regina Hill lead a vigil  to honor the Orlando Police officer killed by an assailant at a Pine Hills Walmart, and an Orange deputy who was killed while responding to the OPD fatality, Tuesday, January 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Bishop Kelvin Cobaris and Orlando commissioner Regina Hill lead a vigil  to honor the Orlando Police officer killed by an assailant at a Pine Hills Walmart, and an Orange deputy who was killed while responding to the OPD fatality, Tuesday, January 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Rene Stutzman and Stephanie Allen Contact Reporters Privacy Policy Hundreds of law enforcement officers are searching overnight for a fugitive who is accused of killing a cop at dawn on Monday when she tried to chase him down at a Wal-Mart and arrest him. A second law-enforcement official died in a crash just hours later as officers and deputies scrambled to find the murder suspect.  By Monday evening, officers largely abandoned the apartment complex in northwest Orlando that was the focus of their search for much of the day, and Markeith Loyd, 41, was still at large. "We are going to bring this dirtbag to justice, and he's going to jail," Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Loyd has been wanted for murder since his pregnant ex-girlfriend was shot at her front door on Dec. 13. He has a long criminal history and on Nov. 30 wrote on his Facebook page: "Goals!!!! To be on Americas most wanted." Markeith Loyd Orange County Sheriff's Office Markeith Loyd Markeith Loyd (Orange County Sheriff's Office) The manhunt prompted the lockdown of more than a dozen schools and snarled traffic for hours. “If you don’t have to be out, don’t be out,” Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs said Monday morning. A $60,000 reward was offered for information leading to Loyd’s capture, and both Orlando police and the Sheriff's Office described him as armed and dangerous. The violence started about 7:15 a.m. at the Wal-Mart at John Young Parkway and Princeton Street, when someone spotted Loyd, knew he was wanted for murder and told Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, who also happened to be at the store. She was on the job, in uniform and wearing body armor, Mina said. She called dispatch, then started chasing after Loyd. OPD officer shot and killed; deputy dies in crash Orlando Police Department Debra Clayton Debra Clayton (Orlando Police Department) She yelled for him to “stop” but instead the felon opened fire. She shot back but didn’t hit him, Mina said.  Backup officers who arrived 28 seconds later tried to save Clayton with CPR, according to the city, but she was pronounced dead at 7:40 a.m. at Orlando Regional Medical Center. A short distance from the Wal-Mart, a captain at the Orange County Sheriff's Office spotted Loyd near Pine Hills Road and North Lane, according to that department. Loyd pulled into an apartment complex and fired at least once at the deputy, who was in an unmarked SUV. The bullet missed him but hit his SUV. The suspect then carjacked a vehicle and fled. He abandoned that vehicle near Cinderlane Parkway, officials said. A massive manhunt for Loyd resulted in two motorcycle crashes by Orange County deputies, one fatal.        Deputy Norman Lewis, 35, an 11-year Sheriff’s Office veteran and former football player at the University of Central Florida, was killed 2-1/2 hours after the shooting. He was traveling south on Pine Hills Road on his motorcycle when he was struck by a van turning left onto Balboa Drive, the Florida Highway Patrol said. “We’re sad on this day for many reasons," Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said at a morning news conference at the hospital. "In my 36-year career, this is possibly one of the toughest days for me." The driver of the van, Billie Jarrard of Clermont, could possibly face charges in the crash, troopers said. No one answered the phone Monday at Jarrard’s home. Records show he is a 78-year-old recent widower with no criminal history in Florida.  Ten minutes after Lewis’ crash, another deputy was involved in a wreck that sent him to the hospital. It happened just 200 yards down Pine Hills Road. Orange County Deputy Nelson Borjas, 46, had minor injuries and is expected to recover.  Officer called a hero Clayton is the first Orlando officer killed in the line of duty in a decade. The last was Al Gordon, who was shot during a robbery Oct. 4, 2007, the agency reported. Clayton, who is survived by a husband and college-age son, was one of the first officers to respond to the mass shooting at the Pulse nightclub in June that left 49 people dead and scores injured. PICTURE GALLERY: An Orlando police officer was shot on Princeton Street, just west of John Young Parkway. An Orange County deputy died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for the suspect. Mina called her a hero. “She gave her life for the community she loves." TaQueria Jones, a Wal-Mart cashier, said Clayton checked out at her register minutes before the shooting. “We talked about family, we talked about God," Jones said.  While the suspect was still at large, the cashier and others planted flowers in a spot just feet from where Clayton was killed. “I’m going to be out here every day to straighten them up. Every day," Jones vowed. Lewis, who had been with the Sheriff's Office since March 2005, was a member of the motors/DUI unit. Both Lewis and Clayton had degrees from the University of Central Florida. “They are heroes and Knights forever," UCF President John Hitt said. Deputies had been on the lookout for Loyd for weeks because of a murder warrant: He's accused of murdering his pregnant 24-year-old ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, on Dec. 13 and wounding her 26-year-old brother, Ronald Steward. They were shot at an Orange County home on Long Peak Drive. Caption Family, friends, and community celebrate the life of Debra Clayton Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Caption Family, friends, and community celebrate the life of Debra Clayton Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Caption Man arrested on charges of aiding suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. Caption First appearance of Jameis Slaughter and Lakensha Smith-Loyd Loyd's niece Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend Jameis Slaughter are each facing a charge of accessory to first-degree murder, records show. Loyd's niece Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend Jameis Slaughter are each facing a charge of accessory to first-degree murder, records show. Caption Niece of Markeith Loyd arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Lakensha Loyd, niece of Markeith Loyd. was arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Lakensha Loyd, niece of Markeith Loyd. was arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Caption Orlando mourns slain officers in candlelight vigil Bishop Kelvin Cobaris and Orlando commissioner Regina Hill lead a vigil  to honor the Orlando Police officer killed by an assailant at a Pine Hills Walmart, and an Orange deputy who was killed while responding to the OPD fatality, Tuesday, January 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Bishop Kelvin Cobaris and Orlando commissioner Regina Hill lead a vigil  to honor the Orlando Police officer killed by an assailant at a Pine Hills Walmart, and an Orange deputy who was killed while responding to the OPD fatality, Tuesday, January 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Loyd has a long criminal record and served 10 years in prison and five years on probation for conspiracy with intent to distribute cocaine, according to federal court records.  "To lose two law enforcement officers on this Law Enforcement Appreciation Day is indeed a tragedy,” Demings said. ... “It's a reminder that law enforcement officers put their lives on the line every single day to protect all of us." Gov. Rick Scott was in Orlando on Monday for a business meeting, but that was canceled and he joined Mina, Demings and other local officials at a morning news conference. "It breaks my heart that one of them was already senselessly killed this morning,” Scott said. Apartments focus of search On Monday, officers searched dozens of apartments, single-family homes and vehicles in the Rosemont neighborhood. Much of the search focused on the Eagle Reserve apartment complex.  An Orlando SWAT team as well as armored vehicles and a helicopter came and went twice to the complex on Cinderlane Parkway, where Loyd was last spotted by law enforcement Monday morning after the shooting. They pulled out for the second time about 6 p.m., but only after leaving some residents barred from their homes or from getting to work for several hours. Lupe Garcia and her 9-year-old son, Migul Hidalgo, were stuck outside their home for most of the day. Garcia walked to drop him off at school and came back to find her home surrounded in crime scene tape with dozens of officers holding long guns. "It's scary," she said before she was let back into the complex. After she picked her son up, they waited with dozens of others outside the complex. Migul said as he and his mom were waiting, an Orange County deputy flagged him down and asked if he was hungry. The deputy pulled out a chocolate protein bar and gave it to the boy. Jeff Weiner, David Harris, Steve Lemongello, Paige Wilson, Red Huber, Caitlin Dineen, Christal Hayes and Scott Maxwell contributed to this report. rstutzman@orlandosentinel.com, sallen@orlandosentinel.com Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Crime Homicide Law Enforcement Markeith Loyd Debra Clayton Orange County Sheriff's Office Teresa Jacobs Slain Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was 'an angel,' friend says Deputy Norman Lewis: Ex-UCF football player killed in Orlando manhunt In some neighborhoods, fear of talking to police All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 73°
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News Orlando police still hunting for man who killed officer Caption Family, friends, and community celebrate the life of Debra Clayton Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Caption Family, friends, and community celebrate the life of Debra Clayton Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Caption Man arrested on charges of aiding suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. Caption First appearance of Jameis Slaughter and Lakensha Smith-Loyd Loyd's niece Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend Jameis Slaughter are each facing a charge of accessory to first-degree murder, records show. Loyd's niece Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend Jameis Slaughter are each facing a charge of accessory to first-degree murder, records show. Caption Niece of Markeith Loyd arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Lakensha Loyd, niece of Markeith Loyd. was arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Lakensha Loyd, niece of Markeith Loyd. was arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Caption Orlando mourns slain officers in candlelight vigil Bishop Kelvin Cobaris and Orlando commissioner Regina Hill lead a vigil  to honor the Orlando Police officer killed by an assailant at a Pine Hills Walmart, and an Orange deputy who was killed while responding to the OPD fatality, Tuesday, January 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Bishop Kelvin Cobaris and Orlando commissioner Regina Hill lead a vigil  to honor the Orlando Police officer killed by an assailant at a Pine Hills Walmart, and an Orange deputy who was killed while responding to the OPD fatality, Tuesday, January 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Rene Stutzman and Stephanie Allen Contact Reporters Privacy Policy Hundreds of law enforcement officers are searching overnight for a fugitive who is accused of killing a cop at dawn on Monday when she tried to chase him down at a Wal-Mart and arrest him. A second law-enforcement official died in a crash just hours later as officers and deputies scrambled to find the murder suspect.  By Monday evening, officers largely abandoned the apartment complex in northwest Orlando that was the focus of their search for much of the day, and Markeith Loyd, 41, was still at large. "We are going to bring this dirtbag to justice, and he's going to jail," Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Loyd has been wanted for murder since his pregnant ex-girlfriend was shot at her front door on Dec. 13. He has a long criminal history and on Nov. 30 wrote on his Facebook page: "Goals!!!! To be on Americas most wanted." Markeith Loyd Orange County Sheriff's Office Markeith Loyd Markeith Loyd (Orange County Sheriff's Office) The manhunt prompted the lockdown of more than a dozen schools and snarled traffic for hours. “If you don’t have to be out, don’t be out,” Orange County Mayor Teresa Jacobs said Monday morning. A $60,000 reward was offered for information leading to Loyd’s capture, and both Orlando police and the Sheriff's Office described him as armed and dangerous. The violence started about 7:15 a.m. at the Wal-Mart at John Young Parkway and Princeton Street, when someone spotted Loyd, knew he was wanted for murder and told Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, who also happened to be at the store. She was on the job, in uniform and wearing body armor, Mina said. She called dispatch, then started chasing after Loyd. OPD officer shot and killed; deputy dies in crash Orlando Police Department Debra Clayton Debra Clayton (Orlando Police Department) She yelled for him to “stop” but instead the felon opened fire. She shot back but didn’t hit him, Mina said.  Backup officers who arrived 28 seconds later tried to save Clayton with CPR, according to the city, but she was pronounced dead at 7:40 a.m. at Orlando Regional Medical Center. A short distance from the Wal-Mart, a captain at the Orange County Sheriff's Office spotted Loyd near Pine Hills Road and North Lane, according to that department. Loyd pulled into an apartment complex and fired at least once at the deputy, who was in an unmarked SUV. The bullet missed him but hit his SUV. The suspect then carjacked a vehicle and fled. He abandoned that vehicle near Cinderlane Parkway, officials said. A massive manhunt for Loyd resulted in two motorcycle crashes by Orange County deputies, one fatal.        Deputy Norman Lewis, 35, an 11-year Sheriff’s Office veteran and former football player at the University of Central Florida, was killed 2-1/2 hours after the shooting. He was traveling south on Pine Hills Road on his motorcycle when he was struck by a van turning left onto Balboa Drive, the Florida Highway Patrol said. “We’re sad on this day for many reasons," Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said at a morning news conference at the hospital. "In my 36-year career, this is possibly one of the toughest days for me." The driver of the van, Billie Jarrard of Clermont, could possibly face charges in the crash, troopers said. No one answered the phone Monday at Jarrard’s home. Records show he is a 78-year-old recent widower with no criminal history in Florida.  Ten minutes after Lewis’ crash, another deputy was involved in a wreck that sent him to the hospital. It happened just 200 yards down Pine Hills Road. Orange County Deputy Nelson Borjas, 46, had minor injuries and is expected to recover.  Officer called a hero Clayton is the first Orlando officer killed in the line of duty in a decade. The last was Al Gordon, who was shot during a robbery Oct. 4, 2007, the agency reported. Clayton, who is survived by a husband and college-age son, was one of the first officers to respond to the mass shooting at the Pulse nightclub in June that left 49 people dead and scores injured. PICTURE GALLERY: An Orlando police officer was shot on Princeton Street, just west of John Young Parkway. An Orange County deputy died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for the suspect. Mina called her a hero. “She gave her life for the community she loves." TaQueria Jones, a Wal-Mart cashier, said Clayton checked out at her register minutes before the shooting. “We talked about family, we talked about God," Jones said.  While the suspect was still at large, the cashier and others planted flowers in a spot just feet from where Clayton was killed. “I’m going to be out here every day to straighten them up. Every day," Jones vowed. Lewis, who had been with the Sheriff's Office since March 2005, was a member of the motors/DUI unit. Both Lewis and Clayton had degrees from the University of Central Florida. “They are heroes and Knights forever," UCF President John Hitt said. Deputies had been on the lookout for Loyd for weeks because of a murder warrant: He's accused of murdering his pregnant 24-year-old ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, on Dec. 13 and wounding her 26-year-old brother, Ronald Steward. They were shot at an Orange County home on Long Peak Drive. Caption Family, friends, and community celebrate the life of Debra Clayton Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Caption Family, friends, and community celebrate the life of Debra Clayton Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Caption Man arrested on charges of aiding suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. Caption First appearance of Jameis Slaughter and Lakensha Smith-Loyd Loyd's niece Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend Jameis Slaughter are each facing a charge of accessory to first-degree murder, records show. Loyd's niece Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend Jameis Slaughter are each facing a charge of accessory to first-degree murder, records show. Caption Niece of Markeith Loyd arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Lakensha Loyd, niece of Markeith Loyd. was arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Lakensha Loyd, niece of Markeith Loyd. was arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Caption Orlando mourns slain officers in candlelight vigil Bishop Kelvin Cobaris and Orlando commissioner Regina Hill lead a vigil  to honor the Orlando Police officer killed by an assailant at a Pine Hills Walmart, and an Orange deputy who was killed while responding to the OPD fatality, Tuesday, January 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Bishop Kelvin Cobaris and Orlando commissioner Regina Hill lead a vigil  to honor the Orlando Police officer killed by an assailant at a Pine Hills Walmart, and an Orange deputy who was killed while responding to the OPD fatality, Tuesday, January 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Loyd has a long criminal record and served 10 years in prison and five years on probation for conspiracy with intent to distribute cocaine, according to federal court records.  "To lose two law enforcement officers on this Law Enforcement Appreciation Day is indeed a tragedy,” Demings said. ... “It's a reminder that law enforcement officers put their lives on the line every single day to protect all of us." Gov. Rick Scott was in Orlando on Monday for a business meeting, but that was canceled and he joined Mina, Demings and other local officials at a morning news conference. "It breaks my heart that one of them was already senselessly killed this morning,” Scott said. Apartments focus of search On Monday, officers searched dozens of apartments, single-family homes and vehicles in the Rosemont neighborhood. Much of the search focused on the Eagle Reserve apartment complex.  An Orlando SWAT team as well as armored vehicles and a helicopter came and went twice to the complex on Cinderlane Parkway, where Loyd was last spotted by law enforcement Monday morning after the shooting. They pulled out for the second time about 6 p.m., but only after leaving some residents barred from their homes or from getting to work for several hours. Lupe Garcia and her 9-year-old son, Migul Hidalgo, were stuck outside their home for most of the day. Garcia walked to drop him off at school and came back to find her home surrounded in crime scene tape with dozens of officers holding long guns. "It's scary," she said before she was let back into the complex. After she picked her son up, they waited with dozens of others outside the complex. Migul said as he and his mom were waiting, an Orange County deputy flagged him down and asked if he was hungry. The deputy pulled out a chocolate protein bar and gave it to the boy. Jeff Weiner, David Harris, Steve Lemongello, Paige Wilson, Red Huber, Caitlin Dineen, Christal Hayes and Scott Maxwell contributed to this report. rstutzman@orlandosentinel.com, sallen@orlandosentinel.com Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Crime Homicide Law Enforcement Markeith Loyd Debra Clayton Orange County Sheriff's Office Teresa Jacobs Slain Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was 'an angel,' friend says Deputy Norman Lewis: Ex-UCF football player killed in Orlando manhunt In some neighborhoods, fear of talking to police All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 65°
Home News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International Elections On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Tides HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Parenting Pop Quiz Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Tuesday’s Taste Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests Work for Us WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com 40° F Overcast Hi: 46° F Lo: 39° F Forecast Radar Weather Blog Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local News Crime Virginia North Carolina Military National Strange News International Elections On Your Side Photo Galleries Links in the News Entertainment News Obituaries Live Streaming Latest Headlines 1 dead, 1 hurt in shooting on Truxton Avenue in Portsmouth Updated: 1 min ago Police are investigating a double shooting in the 200 block of Truxton Avenue, Saturday evening. Former pro wrestler Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 7:23 pm Representatives say Snuka died “due to complications from his ongoing medical problems” but did not state what they were specifically. PETA and residents react to Ringling Brothers closing circus Updated: 38 mins ago Attorney General Lynch: ‘We have always pushed forward’ 7:00 pm Man hit by vehicle at Azalea Garden and Virginia Beach Boulevard 6:49 pm Weather Weather Alerts Almanac Boating Forecast Closings Closings Login Current Conditions Forecast Hurricane Radar Satellite Weather Blogs Webcams Download Weather App Current Conditions 40° F Overcast Feels Like: 35° F Wind: ENE 7 Humidity: 77% Dewpoint: 33° F Sunrise: 7:16 AM Sunset: 5:12 PM Hampton Roads Weather Forecast Radar Sponsored by: Traffic Traffic Cams Traffic Hot Spots Tolls Gas Prices Investigations #TakeItBack Reports Sports Sports Admirals Football NCAA Friday Night Flights Local College Basketball NASCAR NFL ODU Football Redskins Tides Latest Headlines High-scoring Falcons to host Packers in NFC title game Updated: 12 mins ago ATLANTA (AP) — Matt Ryan and the high-scoring Falcons offense will have one more game in the Georgia Dome after all. The Falcons will host t… SMU pulls away from Tulane in second half, 80-64 Updated: 12 mins ago NEW ORLEANS (AP) — Semi Ojeleye scored 21 points and Jarrey Foster added 19 more to lead SMU to an 80-64 win over Tulane on Sunday night. Be… Okogie, Stephens help Georgia Tech beat NC State 86-76 Updated: 12 mins ago Clutch Rodgers leads Packers past rallying Cowboys, 34-31 Updated: 13 mins ago Women’s Top 25 Fared 8:11 pm HR Show HR Show Contests Cooking Counting Kindness Entertainment Financial Fitness HR Sports Star I Am HR Legal Matters Live Music Friday Movie Reviews Parenting Pop Quiz Reck on the Road Retail Therapy Tuesday’s Taste Latest Headlines IAHR: Dr. Rod Evans, PhD. January 12, 2017 If you have set fitness goal for the New Year, Dr. Rod Evans says don’t forget about toning your grey matter, too! Audience: 33rd Annual Community Leaders’ Breakfast January 12, 2017 Catching up with the Urban League of Hampton Roads. Lifestyle Expert With Tips For a Beautiful 2017 January 12, 2017 Get the Scoop on the 2017 Hampton Roads International Auto Show January 11, 2017 Get a Look at What Makes Toyota Safety Sense January 11, 2017 Experts More About Us Advertise with Us Contact Us Staff Bios Community Calendar Contests Work for Us WAVY Archives Mobile Apps Email Alerts Text Alerts Report It TV Schedule Face of FOX 43 hrScene.com Search for: Search the site 40° F Overcast Hi: 46° F Lo: 39° F Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community Heather Pelat Published: January 9, 2017, 2:14 pm Updated: January 11, 2017, 8:40 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the Orlando Police Department was killed in the line of duty on January 9, 2017 (Photo courtesy: OPD) ORLANDO, Fla. (MEDIA GENERAL) — A police officer shot and killed Monday morning in Orlando was a married mother who died protecting the community she loved, according to the Orlando Police Department’s chief of police, John Mina. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton passed away about an hour after she was shot outside a Walmart in a northwest neighborhood of the city. Chief Mina said Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the force, was extremely committed to Orlando’s youth. She had a “smile and a high-five for every kid she came across,” a tweet by the department stated. They later posted a picture of a smiling Clayton standing with two young boys with the caption “THIS is how we know and remember Sergeant Debra Clayton.” THIS is how we know and remember Sergeant Debra Clayton. She always had a smile for kids and always took a moment to interact w/community. pic.twitter.com/8zL46iyUe6 — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 9, 2017 Chief Mina said Clayton also organized several marches against violence by herself. “Debra Clayon is a hero,” he declared. “She gave her life protecting the community that she loves. She will be deeply missed.” Master Sgt. Clayton was deeply committed to the community and to police work. pic.twitter.com/BBelv7Et1V — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 9, 2017 The suspect in the shooting has been identified as Markeith Loyd. At the time of Clayton’s murder, Loyd, 41, was a suspect in the December murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. A second law enforcement officer, a deputy with the Orange County Sheriff’s Office, also died Monday. Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, an 11-year veteran, was killed in a motorcycle crash while pursing Loyd. Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared a day of mourning in the city, asking that the community stand united in support of officers’ families. On this sad day, I ask that our community stands united in support of the families of the fallen officer and deputy https://t.co/OF4rMnKOwZ — Mayor Buddy Dyer (@orlandomayor) January 9, 2017 Orlando police officer shooting View as list View as gallery Open Gallery Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Markeith Loyd, 41, is wanted for the shooting death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, left, was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Law enforcement officials stand near the entrance to a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) A law enforcement vehicle drives near a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say an officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, an 11-year-veteran, died in a motorcycle crash while pursing murder suspect Markeith Loyd on Jan. 9, 2017 (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer calls for an official day of mourning following the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings speaks to the media during a news conference announcing the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. One of his deputies was killed in a motorcycle crash while pursuing the suspect. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orlando police officer shooting x Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Markeith Loyd, 41, is wanted for the shooting death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, left, was gunned down in the line of duty on Jan. 9, 2017. (Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Law enforcement officials stand near the entrance to a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) A law enforcement vehicle drives near a Walmart where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say an officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Orlando police say the officer who was shot while on duty has died; a manhunt is underway for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orange County Sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, an 11-year-veteran, died in a motorcycle crash while pursing murder suspect Markeith Loyd on Jan. 9, 2017 (Twitter/Orange County Sheriff's Office) Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer calls for an official day of mourning following the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.) Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings speaks to the media during a news conference announcing the death of Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Jan. 9, 2017. One of his deputies was killed in a motorcycle crash while pursuing the suspect. (Twitter/Orlando Police Dept.)                     Latest Galleries Chesapeake house fire Advance America Robbery Knotts Island House Fire Chesapeake House Fire Norfolk PD Homicide Investigation Norfolk PD Homicide Investigation Norfolk Electrical Issue Norfolk Electrical Issue Portsmouth Death Investigation Snow Buddies The Associated Press contributed to this story. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Posts Manhunt underway for suspect in killing of Orlando officer Funeral held for Orlando sergeant gunned down Slain Orlando officer responded to Pulse nightclub massacre 2016 in review: Tragic stories that made headlines Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WAVY.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WAVY-TV © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Traffic Sports Experts HR Show More Advertise Advertise with Us Legal Privacy Policy Terms of Use FCC Public File EEO Report Children’s TV Report WVBT EEO Report Children’s TV Report FCC Public File Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Stay Connected WAVY Weather App WAVY News App Email Alerts Text Alerts ReportIt Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
Home Markets Companies Opinion Politics Technology Specials PF Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll North East West South Election News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 Home Today's Paper Latest News Economy Finance Current Affairs International Management The Strategist Weekend Data Stories Chat Markets News Stocks Commodities IPOs Mutual Funds Mutual Fund Tools Derivatives BS Fund Manager Companies News Results Auto Engineering Financials Infra IT Oil & Gas Telecom Services All Sectors Opinion Editorial Comment Columnists Financial X-Ray Business Law & Tax Lunch Poll Politics North East West South Election Technology News Mobiles & Tablets Apps People Computers Specials Weekend Digital Consumer PE/VC Brand World SME Start-ups Defence B2B Connect Power & Energy Sponsored Content PF News Features Investments Loans & Credit Cards Tax Insurance Financial Tools Portfolio My Page Budget 2017 BS APPS iPad iPhone Android Wap BS PRODUCTS Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books Today's Paper Economy & Industry BS SPECIALS B2B Connect Power & Energy SME BS E-Paper Hi, Change Password Subscribe Sign out Change Password Manage My Account Sign out SIGN IN Subscribe               TRENDING ON BS #Demonetisation #TataVsMistry #GST #Budget2017 News Stock Quote Authors  News    Stock Quote    Authors You are here: Home » International » News » Companies Why Trump tariffs on Mexican cars might not work Business Standard Walmart plans new round of job cuts Retailer to eliminate nearly 1,000 jobs before the end of January Sarah Nassauer | WSJ  January 12, 2017 Last Updated at 02:13 IST email this article Message: Recipients' Email: Type address separated by commas Your Email: Enter the characters shown in the image. Send me a copy:   http://mybs.in/2UScV81 Many of the cuts will affect Walmart’s human-resources department. (Photo: Reuters) ALSO READ Walmart doubles stake in JD.com Macy's may lay off 10,000 employees owing to sales dip Walmart keen to retail processed food in India Walmart sourcing non-Egyptian cotton products: Welspun From StanChart to AskMe: All major India job cuts in recent months Walmart Stores Inc is preparing to cut nearly 1,000 corporate jobs before the end of the month, according to an executive familiar with the situation, as the world's biggest retailer works to cut costs and shift its focus to e-commerce. It plans to eliminate the jobs before the end of its fiscal year on Jan 31, the person said. The cuts will fall broadly but are expected to focus on Walmart's US operations, including the human resources department, as well as the technology and e-commerce divisions. The plans mark one of Walmart's largest rounds of corporate job cuts as it works to preserve profits while making the company more efficient and responsive to fast-changing consumer behaviours. "We are always looking for ways to operate more efficiently and effectively," said Walmart spokesman Greg Hitt. "While we continually look at our corporate structure, we have not made any announcements." Many of the cuts will affect Walmart's human resources department, a large team that some senior executives believe should be leaner or whose duties could be handled by outside consultants, say other people familiar with the plans. Walmart's chief information officer, Karenann Terrell, will leave the company on Feb 24, Chief Executive Doug McMillon said in a memo to staff Tuesday. The company didn't name a successor or Ms Terrell's future plans. In late 2015 Walmart laid off hundreds of workers at its Bentonville, Ark, headquarters. In September, it cut about 7,000 back-office jobs in its stores, automating some tasks by adding cash recyclers that count money. "We need to manage expenses even better, which includes changing how we do work inside the company," Mr McMillon said during an investor presentation in October. Walmart has predicted that per-share adjusted earnings in fiscal 2018 will be flat compared with fiscal 2017, then fall at the low end of its 2019 target of 5% to 10% growth. Other retailers have recently moved to slash jobs and close stores as they battle sluggish sales and try to save money to invest in their e-commerce efforts. Last week, Macy's Inc said it would close stores, cutting 10,000 jobs and streamlining operations. Walmart closed more than 150 US stores last January, then in October said new-store openings would slow, but hasn't announced plans for another round of large-scale closures. In late 2015, Walmart hired Jacqui Canney, an executive who had spent decades with Accenture Ltd, to lead its human resources department. Some employees in the department have been told to find other jobs internally or externally by the end of the month, said one of the people familiar with the situation. Walmart employees roughly 18,000 Bentonville-based staff. But the series of reductions show how the retailer is working to maintain profits at a time of change in the industry. Walmart has spent heavily over the past two years to fend off Amazon.com Inc and smaller, fast-growing discounters like Aldi. In the investor presentation last fall, executives said Walmart would steer more of its $11 billion in annual budget toward boosting e-commerce sales, technology used in stores and on customer services. In September, Walmart spent $3.3 billion to purchase Jet.com Inc, an unprofitable e-commerce start-up. "We have a plan to win with customers and drive growth. We will be disciplined with our cost and capital as we do it," said Mr McMillon during the presentation. Read More On Walmart | Job Cuts | Retail | Bs World | Doug Mcmillon | Us | Macy's Inc PREVIOUS STORY NEXT STORY RECOMMENDED FOR YOU Advertisements New to the stock market? Take your FirstStep Make Your Premium Payment Easier. Know more Plan now with just Rs.3000 p.m. Know more Learn the Art of Investing through Sharekhan Open Free Demat A/c with low brokerage fee Yet to open a Sharekhan Account? Walmart plans new round of job cuts Retailer to eliminate nearly 1,000 jobs before the end of January Retailer to eliminate nearly 1,000 jobs before the end of January Walmart Stores Inc is preparing to cut nearly 1,000 corporate jobs before the end of the month, according to an executive familiar with the situation, as the world's biggest retailer works to cut costs and shift its focus to e-commerce. It plans to eliminate the jobs before the end of its fiscal year on Jan 31, the person said. The cuts will fall broadly but are expected to focus on Walmart's US operations, including the human resources department, as well as the technology and e-commerce divisions. The plans mark one of Walmart's largest rounds of corporate job cuts as it works to preserve profits while making the company more efficient and responsive to fast-changing consumer behaviours. "We are always looking for ways to operate more efficiently and effectively," said Walmart spokesman Greg Hitt. "While we continually look at our corporate structure, we have not made any announcements." Many of the cuts will affect Walmart's human resources department, a large team that some senior executives believe should be leaner or whose duties could be handled by outside consultants, say other people familiar with the plans. Walmart's chief information officer, Karenann Terrell, will leave the company on Feb 24, Chief Executive Doug McMillon said in a memo to staff Tuesday. The company didn't name a successor or Ms Terrell's future plans. In late 2015 Walmart laid off hundreds of workers at its Bentonville, Ark, headquarters. In September, it cut about 7,000 back-office jobs in its stores, automating some tasks by adding cash recyclers that count money. "We need to manage expenses even better, which includes changing how we do work inside the company," Mr McMillon said during an investor presentation in October. Walmart has predicted that per-share adjusted earnings in fiscal 2018 will be flat compared with fiscal 2017, then fall at the low end of its 2019 target of 5% to 10% growth. Other retailers have recently moved to slash jobs and close stores as they battle sluggish sales and try to save money to invest in their e-commerce efforts. Last week, Macy's Inc said it would close stores, cutting 10,000 jobs and streamlining operations. Walmart closed more than 150 US stores last January, then in October said new-store openings would slow, but hasn't announced plans for another round of large-scale closures. In late 2015, Walmart hired Jacqui Canney, an executive who had spent decades with Accenture Ltd, to lead its human resources department. Some employees in the department have been told to find other jobs internally or externally by the end of the month, said one of the people familiar with the situation. Walmart employees roughly 18,000 Bentonville-based staff. But the series of reductions show how the retailer is working to maintain profits at a time of change in the industry. Walmart has spent heavily over the past two years to fend off Amazon.com Inc and smaller, fast-growing discounters like Aldi. In the investor presentation last fall, executives said Walmart would steer more of its $11 billion in annual budget toward boosting e-commerce sales, technology used in stores and on customer services. In September, Walmart spent $3.3 billion to purchase Jet.com Inc, an unprofitable e-commerce start-up. "We have a plan to win with customers and drive growth. We will be disciplined with our cost and capital as we do it," said Mr McMillon during the presentation. Sarah Nassauer | WSJ Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 Walmart plans new round of job cuts Retailer to eliminate nearly 1,000 jobs before the end of January Walmart Stores Inc is preparing to cut nearly 1,000 corporate jobs before the end of the month, according to an executive familiar with the situation, as the world's biggest retailer works to cut costs and shift its focus to e-commerce. It plans to eliminate the jobs before the end of its fiscal year on Jan 31, the person said. The cuts will fall broadly but are expected to focus on Walmart's US operations, including the human resources department, as well as the technology and e-commerce divisions. The plans mark one of Walmart's largest rounds of corporate job cuts as it works to preserve profits while making the company more efficient and responsive to fast-changing consumer behaviours. "We are always looking for ways to operate more efficiently and effectively," said Walmart spokesman Greg Hitt. "While we continually look at our corporate structure, we have not made any announcements." Many of the cuts will affect Walmart's human resources department, a large team that some senior executives believe should be leaner or whose duties could be handled by outside consultants, say other people familiar with the plans. Walmart's chief information officer, Karenann Terrell, will leave the company on Feb 24, Chief Executive Doug McMillon said in a memo to staff Tuesday. The company didn't name a successor or Ms Terrell's future plans. In late 2015 Walmart laid off hundreds of workers at its Bentonville, Ark, headquarters. In September, it cut about 7,000 back-office jobs in its stores, automating some tasks by adding cash recyclers that count money. "We need to manage expenses even better, which includes changing how we do work inside the company," Mr McMillon said during an investor presentation in October. Walmart has predicted that per-share adjusted earnings in fiscal 2018 will be flat compared with fiscal 2017, then fall at the low end of its 2019 target of 5% to 10% growth. Other retailers have recently moved to slash jobs and close stores as they battle sluggish sales and try to save money to invest in their e-commerce efforts. Last week, Macy's Inc said it would close stores, cutting 10,000 jobs and streamlining operations. Walmart closed more than 150 US stores last January, then in October said new-store openings would slow, but hasn't announced plans for another round of large-scale closures. In late 2015, Walmart hired Jacqui Canney, an executive who had spent decades with Accenture Ltd, to lead its human resources department. Some employees in the department have been told to find other jobs internally or externally by the end of the month, said one of the people familiar with the situation. Walmart employees roughly 18,000 Bentonville-based staff. But the series of reductions show how the retailer is working to maintain profits at a time of change in the industry. Walmart has spent heavily over the past two years to fend off Amazon.com Inc and smaller, fast-growing discounters like Aldi. In the investor presentation last fall, executives said Walmart would steer more of its $11 billion in annual budget toward boosting e-commerce sales, technology used in stores and on customer services. In September, Walmart spent $3.3 billion to purchase Jet.com Inc, an unprofitable e-commerce start-up. "We have a plan to win with customers and drive growth. We will be disciplined with our cost and capital as we do it," said Mr McMillon during the presentation. Sarah Nassauer | WSJ Business Standard http://bsmedia.business-standard.com/_media/bs/wap/images/bs_logo_amp.png 177 22 MORE ON MARKETS: Quick Links Stock Market Live Portfolio Commodity Market Upcoming IPO Personal Finance Stock Market News Derivatives Mutual Funds Gold Price Sensex Browse STOCK Companies A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 Browse Mutual Funds A B C D E F G H I J K L M N O P Q R S T U V W X Y Z Index Stocks ACC Adani Ports Ambuja Cem. Asian Paints Aurobindo Pharma Axis Bank B H E L B P C L Bajaj Auto Bank of Baroda Bharti Airtel Bharti Infra. Bosch Cipla Coal India Dr Reddy's Labs Eicher Motors GAIL (India) Grasim Inds H D F C HCL Technologies HDFC Bank Hero Motocorp Hind. Unilever Hindalco Inds. ICICI Bank Idea Cellular IndusInd Bank Infosys ITC Kotak Mah. Bank Larsen & Toubro Lupin M & M Maruri Suzuki NTPC O N G C Power Grid Corpn Reliance Inds. St Bk of India Sun Pharma. Inds. Tata Motors Tata Motors-DVR Tata Power Co. Tata Steel TCS Tech Mahindra UltraTech Cement Ltd Wipro Yes Bank Zee Entertainment Copyrights © 2017 Business Standard Private Ltd. All rights reserved. From BS Website Home Companies Markets Opinion Politics Technology Specials Personal Finance Budget Latest News Today's Paper RBI Policy General News General Videos General Photo Gallery Events Authors About us About Us Code of Conduct Terms & Conditions Cookie Policy Disclaimer Investor Communication Support & Contact Partner with Us Careers Advertise with Us Contact Us Feedback Browser Support Sitemap Subscribe E-Paper BS Magazines Portfolio Tracker BS Products Smart Investor BS Hindi BS Motoring BS Books B2B Connect iPhone iPad android wap BS Banking Round Table 2016 BS Fund Cafe 2016 Budget 2017 Budget 2017 Budget News Budget Connect with BS Facebook Google+ Linkedin Twitter Youtube RSS Upgrade To Premium Services Welcome User Business Standard is happy to inform you of the launch of "Business Standard Premium Services" As a premium subscriber you get an across device unfettered access to a range of services which include: Access Exclusive content - articles, features & opinion pieces Weekly Industry/Genre specific newsletters - Choose multiple industries/genres Access to 17 plus years of content archives Set Stock price alerts for your portfolio and watch list and get them delivered to your e-mail box End of day news alerts on 5 companies (via email) NEW: Get seamless access to WSJ.com at a great price. No additional sign-up required.   Premium Services In Partnership with   Dear Guest,   Welcome to the premium services of Business Standard brought to you courtesy FIS. Kindly visit the Manage my subscription page to discover the benefits of this programme. Enjoy Reading! Team Business Standard  
Skip to main content The Motley Fool Fool.com Fool.co.uk Fool.com.au Fool.ca Fool.sg Fool.de Hi, Fool! Premium Advice Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login MENU Latest Stock Picks News Investing News Fool Podcasts Guides How to Invest Retirement Personal Finance Motley Fool Answers Options Trading Find a Broker Compare IRA Accounts ETF - Exchange Traded Funds Community Discussion Boards CAPS More About Help My Fool My Fool My Profile My Watchlist My Scorecard My Boards My CAPS My Reports My Subscriptions My Settings Premium Advice My Services None Other Services None Help Fool Answers Contact Us Login Search Search: Why Kornit Digital, Workday, and Atwood Oceanics Jumped Today These stocks helped lead the market higher. Find out why. Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Jan 11, 2017 at 5:01PM The stock market climbed Wednesday, with all three major market benchmarks finishing on the plus side. The Dow rose back to within 50 points of the 20,000 mark, and although negative comments from President-elect Donald Trump about drug pricing during his press conference caused poor performance in that sector, the general mood among investors remained positive as earnings season approaches. Also, good news on several fronts helped lift individual stocks, and Kornit Digital (NASDAQ:KRNT), Workday (NYSE:WDAY), and Atwood Oceanics (NYSE:ATW) were among the best performers on the day. Below, we'll look more closely at these stocks to tell you why they did so well. Image source: Kornit Digital. Kornit makes a deal with Amazon Kornit Digital soared 20% after the Israeli company said it had signed an agreement with online retail giant Amazon.com (NASDAQ:AMZN). Under the deal, the digital textile printing technology company will deliver what it called "a large number" of its on-demand production systems to Amazon in order to back up the new Merch by Amazon initiative. Kornit CEO Gabi Seligsohn was excited about the agreement, arguing that the deal shows how Kornit "is at the forefront of the digital direct-to-garment market." Amazon will also receive warrants that give it the right to buy more than 2.9 million shares of Kornit stock at just over $13 per share, and today's move earned Amazon several million dollars just from the warrants alone. Workday celebrates on Wal-Mart news Workday shares finished up 10% in the wake of news that the HR cloud-computing specialist had signed up Wal-Mart (NYSE:WMT) as a customer for its software platform. The SEC filing that Workday submitted explained that Wal-Mart had purchased subscriptions to its Workday Human Capital Management, Recruiting, Learning, and Planning services. Yet even though investors were generally pleased with the move, Workday didn't take the opportunity to update its financial guidance for the current of coming fiscal year. Nevertheless, many believe the Wal-Mart agreement could be a game-changer for Workday, and at the very least, it will ease any concerns that competitors were leaving Workday behind. Atwood bounces back Finally, Atwood Oceanics gained 8%. The offshore drilling company recovered all the ground it had lost in recent days, with yesterday's completion of a secondary stock offering that involved the sale of 13.5 million shares at $12.20 per share. Atwood shares seemed to respond favorably to the lack of selling pressure following the offering, and after several days of poor performance from the energy markets, oil prices finally bounced higher today as well, finishing up about 2.5% to close near $53 per barrel. Looking forward, investors are more optimistic about the prospects for Atwood and its peers as crude rebounds from rock-bottom levels over the past couple of years. If the trend continues, Atwood should have further to run in the future. Dan Caplinger has no position in any stocks mentioned. The Motley Fool owns shares of and recommends Amazon.com, Atwood Oceanics, and Workday. The Motley Fool has a disclosure policy. Author Dan Caplinger (TMFGalagan) Dan Caplinger has been a contract writer for the Motley Fool since 2006. As the Fool's Director of Investment Planning, Dan oversees much of the personal-finance and investment-planning content published daily on Fool.com. With a background as an estate-planning attorney and independent financial consultant, Dan's articles are based on more than 20 years of experience from all angles of the financial world. Follow @DanCaplinger Article Info Jan 11, 2017 at 5:01PM Technology and Telecom Stocks Wal-Mart Stores NYSE:WMT $67.13 down $0.84 (-1.24%) Amazon.com NASDAQ:AMZN $817.14 up $3.50 (0.43%) Workday NYSE:WDAY $80.89 up $0.77 (0.96%) Atwood Oceanics NYSE:ATW $13.85 down $0.20 (-1.42%) Kornit Digital NASDAQ:KRNT $17.70 up $0.75 (4.42%) Read More Alexa Could Be Amazon's "Fourth Pillar" Amazon.com Has Officially Begun Drone Delivery 3 Stocks Worth Stuffing in Holiday Stockings This Year Amazon.com's Next Product Could Be a Game-Changer Amazon Is Building the Fourth Pillar of Its Business Prev 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 Next Compare Brokers Terms of Use Privacy Policy Accessibility Policy Copyright, Trademark and Patent Information Terms and Conditions © 1995 - 2017 The Motley Fool. All rights reserved. Current themotleyfool Why Kornit Digital, Workday, and Atwood Oceanics Jumped Today #stocks $WMT, $AMZN, $WDAY, $ATW, $KRNT
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Technology Technology Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity The Pulse @ 1 Market Shares of tech company Workday pop almost 10% after Wal-Mart deal Anita Balakrishnan | @MsABalakrishnan Wednesday, 11 Jan 2017 | 6:08 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES Brendan McDermid | Reuters Workday Inc. Chairman, co-founder and Co-CEO Aneel Bhusri (left) and co-founder and Co-CEO Dave Duffield (center) applaud their company's first trade with NYSE-Euronext CEO Duncan Niederauer (center right) and traders after the IPO on the floor of the New York Stock Exchange on Oct. 12, 2012. Tech company Workday saw shares rise nearly 10 percent on Wednesday, after the announcement that Wal-Mart had purchased a subscription to its human resources platform. Trading of shares of Workday's stock were halted earlier on the New York Stock Exchange, pending release of material news. Shares of the enterprise software company were up more than 8.5 percent before the halt, after William Blair's Justin Furby wrote that the company had "recently signed an HR deal with one of the world's largest employers, with over 2 million employees globally." The California-based technology company said it would not update its fourth-quarter or fiscal-year financial guidance based on the announcement, according to an SEC filing. Over the past year, the company has also secured clients like Panera Bread. The contract comes just a day after a Wall Street Journal report that Wal-Mart is preparing to cut nearly 1,000 corporate jobs. Workday sells cloud-based applications for finance and human resources, such as programs for expenses, payroll and benefits management. While Workday programs have a reputation as being easy to use among its multinational customers, it faces growing competition from companies like Oracle and SAP, Nomura analyst Frederick Grieb wrote last month. The company had also seen big customers hesitate to make deals over the past year, CEO Aneel Bhusri said in a December earnings conference call. "I'd say there were a handful of large multinationals, a couple in the financial services space that are trying to figure out what Brexit means and now what our presidential election means to them," Bhusri said, according to a FactSet transcript. "And they just said, hey, we're going to hold off on making a final decision." Anita BalakrishnanNews Associate Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WDAY --- Binge 'Walking Dead' a megahit, thanks in part to white-knuckled binge-watchers By: Marc Gilbert, senior producer, CNBC Walking Dead producer: The phenomenon is no accident    Walking Dead producer: The show isn’t about zombies    Terminator writer sounds alarm on AI    Walking Dead producer: VR makes me nauseous   
SUBSCRIBE NOWto get home delivery News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Icon Humidity Precip. Winds Open settings Settings Enter City, State or Zip Cancel Set Close settingsFull Forecast Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA More News Sports Life Money Tech Travel Opinion Weather Crosswords Washington Video Stocks Apps Best-Selling Books Classifieds College Corrections Interactives Newsletters Photo Galleries Portfolio Tracker Scores Newsstand Audio Investigations Policing the USA Lightpost Search Firefly Hi Already a subscriber?Sign In Subscribe to USA TODAYSubscribe Now Already a print edition subscriber, but don't have a login?Activate your digital access. Manage your account settings.My Account Log Out Get the newsLog In or Subscribe to skip Sign in with FacebookSign in with GoogleSign in FAQ TOP TRENDING x Share 620 67 Share This Story! Let friends in your social network know what you are reading about FacebookEmailTwitterGoogle+LinkedInPinterest Walmart layoffs just the latest cuts in retail industry Walmart’s plan to cut its ranks is the latest ripple in a wave of job cuts Post to Facebook Walmart layoffs just the latest cuts in retail industry Walmart’s plan to cut its ranks is the latest ripple in a wave of job cuts   Check out this story on USATODAY.com: http://usat.ly/2jwazcv {# #} CancelSend Sent! A link has been sent to your friend's email address. Posted! A link has been posted to your Facebook feed. 6 Join the Nation's Conversation To find out more about Facebook commenting please read the Conversation Guidelines and FAQs Walmart layoffs just the latest cuts in retail industry Charisse Jones , USA TODAY Published 2:14 p.m. ET Jan. 11, 2017 | Updated 6:58 p.m. ET Jan. 11, 2017 Skip in Skip x Embed x Share Walmart is cutting 1,000 jobs, largely in its human resources department. Newslook Walmart will lay off roughly 1,000 employees at its corporate Bentonville, Ark., headquarters in January. (Photo: SAUL LOEB, AFP/Getty Images) Walmart’s plan to lay off of hundreds of employees is the latest ripple in a wave of job cuts and store closures that are roiling the retail industry. The world’s largest retailer is cutting roughly 1,000 jobs at its corporate headquarters in Bentonville, Ark., later this month, according to a person familiar with the matter who was not authorized to speak about it. In a statement, Walmart spokesman Greg Hitt did not confirm the job cuts. “We are always looking for ways to operate more efficiently and effectively,'' he said. "While we continually look at our corporate structure, we have not made any announcements.  Like any organization, we make decisions based upon what’s best for our business and the customers we serve.” Unlike some other chains, Walmart has been on solid ground financially. In its most recent quarterly results, for the third quarter that ended Oct. 31, Walmart reported overall revenue of $118.2 billion, a slight uptick of 0.7% as compared to that three month period in the previous year. Sales at U.S. stores open at least 12 months rose 1.2% vs. the previous year. But net income was $3 billion, down 8.2% from that same three-month period a year earlier. In making its cuts, Walmart joins the many traditional retailers that are shutting stores and shedding employees to bolster their bottom lines or simply to survive in an environment in which consumers are increasingly bypassing stores and shopping with Amazon and other online retailers instead. The Limited has closed all of its stores in the U.S., though it maintains its online site.  Macy’s announced last week that it will shutter 68 locations. Sears announced a day later that it is closing 150 stores and selling its signature Craftsman tool brand in a bid to survive. Online retailing giant Amazon has been a particular thorn in the side of traditional chains that make most of their revenue through in-store sales. But big box giants like Walmart and Home Depot have also helped usurp once-dominant brands, like Sears. . Walmart has been taking  aggressive steps to hold onto and expand its vast market share, upgrading its grocery offerings, making its stores more efficient, and boosting its e-commerce presence. Last year, it purchased Jet.com for $3 billion, an acquisition that could help the chain draw more higher-income, online customers. Walmart shares closed at $68.63, up 30 cents or 0.4% Wednesday. 620 CONNECTTWEET 67 LINKEDIN 6 COMMENTEMAILMORE Read or Share this story: http://usat.ly/2jwazcv NEVER MISS OUT Managing Your Money Master your money with the latest business and investment news, articles and tips from financial experts each Friday. Privacy Notice THANKS FOR SIGNING UP FOR THE Managing Your Money NEWSLETTER We're sorry. something went wrong. Please try again soon, or contact Customer Service at 1-800-872-0001Sign up for more Newsletters
GoSearch 5NEWS TV Schedule Search Contact Us Fort Smith/Fayetteville News | 5newsonline KFSM 5NEWS Menu News Sports Health Traffic On-Air Contests Events Weather Ft. Smith 48° Low 48° High 52° Fayetteville 52° Low 49° High 55° Bentonville 46° Low 46° High 54° See complete forecast Report: Walmart To Cut Nearly 1,000 Jobs By End Of Month Posted 10:59 am, January 11, 2017, by Shawnya Meyers Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email × Report: Walmart To Cut Nearly 1,000 Jobs By End Of Month BENTONVILLE (KFSM) — Walmart Stores Inc. will be eliminating almost 1,000 jobs by the end of the month, according to a Wall Street Journal report. The job cuts will be scattered, but are expected to concentrate on operations in the United States, the Journal reported after talking to an executive. Departments facing cuts include human resources and the technology and e-commerce divisions. However, a Walmart representative said the company has not made any announcements about upcoming restructuring affecting its 1.5 million US associates. The company released the following statement: “As we’ve previously shared, we are always looking for ways to operate more efficiently and effectively. While we continually look at our corporate structure, we have not made any announcements.  Like any organization, we make decisions based upon what’s best for our business and the customers we serve.” More than 150 US Walmart Stores closed last January, following a round of layoffs in October 2015. Doug McMillon, Walmart CEO,  said the cuts were made to create a more agile company to fit customer demand. During a meeting with Walmart investors in Oct. 2016, McMillon said the company must manage expenses better moving forward, including changing the company’s internal work structure. “We must grow this company for Walmart to have a future, but we need to do it in an efficient way,” McMillon said during the October meeting. “It’s not a growth at all cost mindset. We need to manage expenses even better, which includes changing how we do work inside the company. We’ve got to manage capital strategically.”     Filed in: News Suggest a correction × Suggest A Correction Your name Your email Report a typo or grammatical error Cancel Share this: Facebook Twitter Google Pinterest LinkedIn Email Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. 1 Comment Jessica McCauley Change your point system for absences and quit using a third party that breaks the law of Leave of absence! A woman in labor shouldn’t have to deal with a third company because she went into labor early! Emergency room Directives for patients should not be denied and result in the firing of employees on a 4-6 point system. Heaven forbid anyone in your company gets sick and have to deal with Sedgwick!!! January 11, 2017 at 3:12 pm Reply Report comment High Five See the positive news of the day! Popular 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule Oklahoma Man Ordered To Pay Child Support Despite Not Being Father Police: Robbery Suspect Fired Shots A Elderly Man Outside Fort Smith Restaurant Graphic: Oklahoma Parents Arrested In ‘Worst Case Of Child Abuse’ Nurses Say They’ve Ever Seen Abducted 6-Year-Old Girl Found Alive, Chained To A Tree Latest News 2016-17 Arkansas Basketball Schedule 3,391 Firearms Discovered In Carry-On Bags In 2016, TSA Says WWE Legend Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka Dies At Age 73, Days After Charges Dropped Sebastian County Deputy Arrested On Suspicion Of Domestic Battery UPDATE: Fort Smith Police Make Multiple Arrests In Shooting Death News Target Removes Scary Clown Masks From Stores News Ford Cancels Mexico Plant; Will Create 700 U.S. Jobs In ‘Vote Of Confidence’ In Trump News Companies, Fearing Salmonella, Recall Powdered Milk Products News Aloe Vera Gel Might Not Actually Include Any Aloe News Trump Strikes Agreement To Save 1,000 Factory Jobs Destined For Mexico News Amazon, Walmart Urged To Stop Selling “Spying” Doll News Twitter Kills Off Vine App, Cuts 9 Percent Of Staff  News The ‘Surprising’ Way Food Ads Sway Preschoolers’ Snacking Habits News Mother Gives Birth In Walmart Checkout Line – After Paying For Merchandise News Local Small Businesses Reaching New Heights News Secret Santa Pays Off $46K In Layaway At Pennsylvania Walmart News Amazon Says It Will Create 100,000 Jobs Across The U.S. News Fort Smith Clearinghouse Experiencing Holiday Setbacks Mobile Apps Android App Android Weather App iPhone & iPad App iPhone Weather App Facebook Twitter About & Contact screenertv Screener Untitled-2Covers KFSM Online Public File • KXNW Online Public File • Terms of Service • Privacy Policy • 318 North 13th Street Fort Smith, AR 72901 • Copyright © 2017, KFSM • A Tribune Broadcasting Station • Powered by WordPress.com VIP × Email Alerts Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
null
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Fast-Food Workers Are Now In High Demand Jayson Derrick , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 11, 2017 2:53pm   Comments Share: Related WEN 15 Biggest Mid-Day Losers For Friday Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades For January 6, 2017 Related WMT Technical Alert: Wal-Mart Stores Lower Watch These 5 Huge Put Purchases In Friday Trade Eight High-Quality Dividend Payers To Explore (Seeking Alpha) It may seem hard to believe at first, but fast-food workers with years of experience are in high demand. According to a Bloomberg report, the restaurant sector is engaged in a "full-on food fight" over workers. In fact, the scarcity of qualified workers is resulting in candidates being paid above the minimum wage — without the help of government lawmakers. For example, Eddie Rodriguez, who oversees 177 Wendys Co (NASDAQ: WEN) locations across three states, boosted the hourly pay by nearly one dollar to an average of $9.05, according to Bloomberg. In addition, employees are offered flexible schedules and a referral bonus of $250 to employees who found prospects. Even with the perks, Rodriguez can't keep up with demand during peak traffic at restaurants. Lower Unemployment, Higher Turnovers = Higher Demand The report further noted that while the unemployment rate in the United States sits near a nine-year low at 4.7 percent, the annual turnover for restaurant workers in September soared to 113 percent, marking the highest level ever since People Report began tracking the data in 1995. This makes sense when considering that demand for low-skill workers isn't unique to restaurants. Restaurants need to remain competitive with retail chains such as Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT), which raised the wages of more than one million employees to at least $10 an hour. "It's a hot job market," Michael Harms, the executive director of operations at Dallas-based TDn2K, People Report's parent told Bloomberg. "Every employee, whether they're 17 years old or 40 years old, has options." Posted-In: Fast Food minimum wage People ReportRestaurants Top Stories Economics Media General Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (WEN + WMT) Technical Alert: Wal-Mart Stores Lower Watch These 5 Huge Put Purchases In Friday Trade How Wal-Mart Contract Will Boost Workday Revenue Analysts Mixed On Impact Of Workday's Deal With Wal-Mart Workday Signs Big HR Deal With Wal-Mart Wal-Mart CEO Issues 3 Predictions For The Future Of Retail View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on WEN Trending Recent 1 MYOS, SGMO: 18 Stocks Moving In Friday's Pre-Market Session 2 GLBS, DRYS: Shippers On A Run Again Amid No News 3 INCY, DMTX: 7 Biotech Catalysts Remaining In January 4 MBLY, SSNI: Benzinga's Top Upgrades, Downgrades... 5 PNC, FRC: Keep an Eye on These 7 Stocks fo... 6 TBIO, SSNI: 12 Biggest Mid-Day Gai... 7 SPY: Lessons To Learn Fr... 1 DXCM, PODD: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose Monitoring With... 2 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show They're Wil... 3 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Billion Election-Tr... 4 OAK, IBM: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubber Necking 5 NTDOY, NTODY: How Nintendo's Last 4 Gaming Consoles... 6 AAPL: Gene Munster Shares His Expectations Fo... 7 NAKD, JPM: Mid-Afternoon Market Update: D... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products What Would It Mean If The AT&T-Time Warner Deal Were To Fall Apart? Freeport-McMoRan, Martin Marietta And Steel's Strength In The Trump Rally
Home News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic 2016 Holiday Season Holiday Funtacular Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners 53° F Overcast Hi: 57° F Lo: 48° F Today’s Weather Radar Forecast Closings 4 Weather Alerts Menu Skip to content   Home News News Local Tennessee CrimeTracker Positively Tennessee National International Entertainment Music City TV Politics Traffic 2016 Holiday Season Holiday Funtacular Photo Galleries As Seen On 2 Featured: Fort Lauderdale airport shooting Sevier County wildfires Latest Headlines Tragedy becomes hope through a gift of life Updated: 11 mins ago A wife’s worst nightmare came true for a young Michigan mother when she learned her husband was killed in a hit-and-run crash. State to consider new sites for National Register of Historic Places 6:57 pm If these properties meet the requirements, their nominations will be sent for final approval to the National Register of Historic Places in … Clarksville police launch investigation after shots fired at cars, home 6:36 pm SC teen abducted as a Florida newborn meets birth parents Updated: 31 mins ago VIDEO: Rehearsal held for Trump inauguration 5:45 pm Video Live Take 2 Hollywood Today Live Weather Weather Weather Alerts Current Conditions Forecast Radar Interactive Radar Closings & Delays Live Cameras Fisherman’s Forecast Satellite SatRad Current Conditions 53° F Overcast Feels Like: 53° F Wind: NE 5 Humidity: 83% Dewpoint: 48° F Sunrise: 6:56 AM Sunset: 4:55 PM Nashville Weather Forecast Day Planner Radar Currently Sponsored by: Sports Sports Tennessee Titans Nashville Predators Nashville Sounds Joe Biddle College High School Prep Blitz Latest Headlines Lady Vols not alone this season in honoring Pat Summitt Updated: 43 mins ago Harvard, Kentucky, Vermont and Division II program Metropolitan State of Denver are among the women’s basketball teams that have joined Tenn… JOE BIDDLE: Vols Bone buried Vandy January 14, 2017 Both teams came into this game with 8-8 records. Zach Cunningham declares for NFL draft January 14, 2017 Tennessee, Vanderbilt basketball looking to bounce back January 14, 2017 Preds acquire Cody McLeod in exchange for Felix Girard January 13, 2017 Perfect Health Perfect Home Community Lottery Educator of the Week Pet of the Week This Week with Bob Mueller Neil’s Dining Dash News 2 StormTracker Shoutout Music City TV MeTV Soldier Greetings More Contact Us Meet Our Team News 2 Apps Email Alerts School Closing Text Alerts iReport 2 Television Schedule Contests This Weeks Deals Our History Advertise With Us Jobs at WKRN Distribution Partners Search for: Search the site 53° F Overcast Hi: 57° F Lo: 48° F Police accuse 2 of helping fugitive before Orlando officer’s killing The Associated Press Published: January 11, 2017, 1:03 pm Updated: January 11, 2017, 3:26 pm Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Courtesy: Orlando Police Department ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — The niece and supervisor of a murder suspect were arrested for allegedly helping him evade capture before the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer. Online court records show that 27-year-old Lakensha Smith-Loyd was arrested on a charge of accessory Wednesday, a day after the fugitive’s supervisor at a fried chicken restaurant, Zarghee Mayan, was arrested on the same charge. An arrest affidavit for Mayan said that Smith-Loyd collected money from him to give to her uncle, 41-year-old Markeith Loyd, just days after the slaying of his ex-girlfriend. Mayan is accused of supplying restaurant food to his former co-worker, driving him around and offering him money, despite knowing he was wanted in the slaying his pregnant ex-girlfriend, the affidavit said. “Mayan did so with the intent that Markeith Demangzlo Loyd avoid or escape detection, arrest, trial or punishment,” the arrest affidavit said. Mayan told authorities his most recent encounter with Loyd was last Saturday, two days before Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Mayan said he noticed that Loyd was armed and wearing body armor when they embraced, according to his arrest affidavit. A wreath and flowers surround Orlando police shooting victim, officer Debra Clayton’s patrol car, in front of police headquarters, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. Clayton was killed Monday, and a manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) During another encounter, right after Loyd’s ex-girlfriend was killed in mid-December, Mayan said Loyd came into the restaurant with a gun, pointed at Mayan and said, “‘Drive me or I will kill you, I just did something real bad,'” the affidavit said. Mayan said he drove Loyd to several locations, including the home of Loyd’s estranged wife, where Loyd told him to knock on the door. Mayan said he only walked to the door without knocking because he was afraid Lloyd would shoot her, according to the affidavit, which noted that Mayan told conflicting stories about his encounters with Loyd. The 41-year-old ex-convict has been the focus of a massive manhunt involving hundreds of officers and deputies since Monday’s shooting. More than 500 tips have come in from the public, which authorities believe may be particularly important, since others may be helping him hide. Orlando Police Chief John Mina has warned that anyone helping Loyd will be prosecuted. “They will be put behind bars and brought to justice as well,” Mina said. Crimeline is offering a $100,000 reward for information leading to Loyd’s arrest. “If you know where he is at and you call us 3 o’clock in the morning, 3 o’clock in the afternoon, we will have people prepared to dispatch and go capture him,” said Barb Bergin, executive director of the local Crimeline. Mayan, 33, was arrested Tuesday by Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputies on a charge of accessory after the fact. Jail records show no bond had been set, and court records showed no name of a defense attorney listed for him. Police Chief John Mina said federal, state and local authorities were taking part in the manhunt. Mina wouldn’t give details about search tactics but he said law enforcement agencies in Florida and around the nation are on alert. “There are many things going on behind the scenes that our community is not aware of and that we are not at liberty to discuss,” Mina said. After Clayton was shot, many of her colleagues immediately joined the pursuit; among them was a sheriff’s Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, who died when he was thrown from his motorcycle in an accident. Funerals were planned for Lewis for Friday and Clayton for Saturday. Share this: Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) More Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) Click to send this to your Kindle device (Opens in new window) Related Posts Slain Orlando sergeant remembered for serving her community Manhunt underway for suspect in killing of Orlando officer Police: Man posted on wife’s Facebook to cover up killing Cold weather check leads police to runaway staying with registered sex offender Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Advertisement Trending on WKRN.com Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement WKRN.com All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 Young Broadcasting of Nashville LLC A Media General Company. Powered by WordPress.com VIP Sections News Weather Video Sports Traffic Community Station Twitter Facebook Contact Us Advertise History Jobs at WKRN Closings & Delays Contests Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy FCC Public File EEO Report Closed Captioning Certification Children’s Programming Closed Captioning Media General Distribution Partners Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Post to Cancel Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.
Benzinga Benzinga Pro Marketfy Financial Data & APIs Fintech Awards Membership is Free What are you waiting for? Sign up now! Username: Username available! Username taken! Email: Email available! Email taken! Password: Leave blank: OR Free Account Login Click here to access your premium account Username or email: Password: OR Forgot password?' Looking for ? CLICK HERE Contribute Login Sign up Benzinga - Feed Your Mind. Home Best of Benzinga Careers About Contact Us Partners Benzinga Fintech Awards News Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Markets Pre-Market After Hours Movers Forex Commodities Options Binary Options Bonds Futures Global Economics Previews Reviews Small-Cap Ratings Analyst Color Downgrades Upgrades Initiations Price Target Ideas Long Ideas Short Ideas Technicals From The Press Jim Cramer Rumors ETFs Tech Start-Ups Fintech Personal Finance Premium Products My Watchlist Earnings Guidance Dividends M&A Buybacks Legal Interviews Management Retail Sales Offerings IPOs Insider Trades Biotech/FDA Market Overview Tickers Articles Keywords Search by keyword...googlecse Workday Signs Big HR Deal With Wal-Mart Manikandan Raman , Benzinga Staff Writer   {{following ? "Following" : "Follow"}} January 11, 2017 1:51pm   Comments Share: Related How Wal-Mart Contract Will Boost Workday Revenue Analysts Mixed On Impact Of Workday's Deal With Wal-Mart Related WMT Technical Alert: Wal-Mart Stores Lower Watch These 5 Huge Put Purchases In Friday Trade The Benefits of Boring: Investing in Parcel Delivery (GuruFocus) Workday Inc (NYSE: WDAY) has bagged a contract with Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. (NYSE: WMT) under which the retail giant will subscribe to Workday’s Human Capital Management, Recruiting, Learning and Planning solutions. In a regulatory filing, Workday also revealed it's not updating its financial guidance for the fourth quarter of the current fiscal year ending January 31, 2017 or for the fiscal year ending January 31, 2018. Earlier Wednesday, Benzinga reported on a William Blair note which said Workday recently signed a big human resources deal with one of the world’s biggest retailers, with over 2 million employees globally. “Though we are not privy to the size of the contract, it would represent by far the largest company Workday has ever signed—more than five times larger (on a headcount basis) than any of its existing HR customers,” analyst Justin Furby wrote. Furby said Workday trumped SAP SE (ADR) (NYSE: SAP) in getting the contract and the retailer will pursue a phased deployment of Workday over the next three to four years that would drive billings significantly. “[W]hen fully scaled, we believe a deal of this size could represent $30 million or more of annual subscription revenue (though it is very difficult to get a sense of true contract terms),” Furby highlighted. After being halted for a couple of hours, Workday traded recently at $79.96, up 7.5 percent. Posted-In: News Contracts Movers Best of Benzinga © 2017 Benzinga.com. Benzinga does not provide investment advice. All rights reserved.   Related Articles (WMT + WDAY) Technical Alert: Wal-Mart Stores Lower Watch These 5 Huge Put Purchases In Friday Trade How Wal-Mart Contract Will Boost Workday Revenue Analysts Mixed On Impact Of Workday's Deal With Wal-Mart Fast-Food Workers Are Now In High Demand Workday's Quarter Might Be Turning Out Better Than Expected View Comments and Join the Discussion! View the discussion thread. Sign up for email alerts on WDAY Trending Recent 1 PODD, DXCM: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucose Monitoring With... 2 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show They're Wil... 3 GOOGL, NFLX: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 4 SPX, SPY: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 1 NFLX, AMZN: The Program For Trading Like A Hedge Fund 2 SPX, SPY: How Animal Spirits Will Affect The Market In 2017 3 MDT, DXCM: DexCom Jumps 25% As It Becomes Only Continuous Glucos... 4 AAPL: Apple's AirPod Success: Headphone Users Show... 5 SPY: Lessons To Learn From George Soros' $1 Bi... 6 OAK, IBM: Greek Philosophy, Tough Guys, And Rubb... 7 NTDOY, NTODY: How Nintendo's Last 4... View upcoming Earnings, Ratings, Dividend and Economic Calendars. Benzinga Benzinga is a fast-growing, dynamic and innovative financial media outlet that empowers investors with high-quality, unique content. Popular Channels Analyst Ratings Be Your Own Boss ETFs Economics Forex Hot News Options Press Releases Start-ups Tech Tools & Features Affiliate Program Premarket Prep Feeds News Widget Real Time Feed Sitemap Submit News Tips About Benzinga About Us Licensing and APIs Apps (iOS and Android) Fintech Awards Blog In the News Careers Contact Us Disclaimer Privacy Policy Syndication Terms and Conditions Benzinga Partners 1 (877) 440-9464 (ZING) © Copyright Benzinga Benzinga - Feed Your Mind News Markets Ratings Ideas Tech Small-Cap Personal Finance Premium Products What We Know About 'The Facebook Journalism Project' Lululemon Stands Out At Retail's Biggest Conference
Tech CES 2017 Apple Science Cars Celebrity Movies Business Super Bowl Ads     The Best Super Bowl TV Deals 2017 Posted: Jan 11 2017, 11:27am CST | by Luigi Lugmayr, Updated: Jan 11 2017, 8:52pm CST, in News | Super Bowl   This story may contain affiliate links. Photo Credit: Getty Images   The Super Bowl is the perfect excuse to buy a new TV. Here are the best Super Bowl TV deals. Super Bowl 51 is less than a month away. The Big Game takes place on Feb. 5 and will be broadcasted on Fox. To fully enjoy the Super Bowl 2017 a big screen TV is the way to go. Consumers who have not scored a new TV during Black Friday can now expect to find deep discounts from major consumer electronics retailers. Look out for Super Bowl 2017 TV deals on Amazon.com, Best Buy and Walmart. Don't Miss: Latest Science and Medical Discoveries Is a 4K TV necessary to watch the Super Bowl LI? Super Bowl 50 was filmed with 8K cameras as a test. 4K cameras are already the standard equipment to film the Super Bowl. If the Super Bowl 2017 will be broadcasted in 4K anywhere is not known yet. 4K live broadcast are still rare. DirecTV has one 4K channel that broadcasts 4K content all day. The technology is here to stream 4K video. Netflix, Amazon, Hulu and Youtube offer 4K streaming. Fox could theoretically stream the Super Bowl 2017 in 4K online. While it is not clear if the Super Bowl will be available in 4K, it is advisable in 2017 to get a 4K UHD TV. The 4K revolution has taken place in the Holiday shopping season. Now it is just a question about going low-end 4K or high-end 4K featuring HDR support. Best Buy has launched the Super Bowl 2017 TV sale online at bestbuy.com in the first days of January. Special Super Bowl 2017 TV deals include a $1,699.99 65-inch Samsung 4K SUHD Smart TV and $599.99 60-inch Sony 1080p TV. Walmart wants you to get "Bowl Ready" with their Super Bowl TV deals. Find all offers on walmart.com. The 50-inch VIZIO E50x-E1 SmartCast 4K Ultra HD, Smart, LED Home Theater Display is on sale for $398. Amazon offers special Big Game deals on two projectors. The Optoma HD142X 1080p 3000 Lumens 3D DLP Home Theater Projector is on sale for $549.99 and the Optoma HD27 1080p 3D DLP Home Theater Projector sells for $599.36. Our top Super Bowl 2017 TV pick is the $1,797.99 65-inch Samsung UN65KS8000 65-Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV. The Samsung KS8000 supports HDR 1000 and was one of the most popular 4K TVs during the Holiday season. Find more Super Bowl TV deals listed below. Best Super Bowl 2017 TV Deals $448 55-inch TCL 55FS3750 55" 1080p Roku Smart LED TV $1,797.99 65" Samsung UN65KS8000 65-Inch 4K Ultra HD Smart LED TV $1,997 55" LG OLED55B6P 4K Ultra HD Smart OLED TV $2,198 Sony XBR65X930D 65-Inch 4K Ultra HD 3D Smart TV $2,797.99 75" Samsung UN75JU7100 4K Ultra HD 3D Smart LED TV Find the current TV deals on this page on amazon.com. Find out who is advertising at the Big Game in the Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertiser list. Brands reportedly pay more than $5 million for a 30 second spot in the Super Bowl 2017 broadcast on Fox. The Super Bowl 2017 will take place in the NRG Stadium in Houston on Sunday, Feb. 5, 2017. It is Fox's turn to broadcast the Super Bowl 2017. Pepsi is again the sponsor of the Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. The full official title of the show between the first and second halftime is pretty long winded: Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show. In October the NFL already announced the Super Bowl LI half-time show performer. Lady Gaga will perform the Super Bowl 2017 Halftime Show. The Pepsi Zero Sugar Super Bowl LI Halftime Show is the most-watched musical event of the year. More than 116.5 million viewers in the U.S. watched last year's show. Super Bowl LI and Halftime Show will be broadcast by FOX Sports from NRG Stadium in Houston. Super Bowl LI marks Pepsi's fifth year as title sponsor of the Super Bowl Halftime Show and 15th year as an NFL partner.  Find out everything to know about the Super Bowl LI in the Super Bowl 2017 Facts. I4U News will again like in previous years provide full coverage of the Super Bowl 51 ads. Take a look at the best Super Bowl ads from last year. Read the latest Super Bowl 2017 News. Comments The Author Luigi Lugmayr Luigi Lugmayr (Google+) is the founding chief Editor of I4U News and brings over 15 years experience in the technology field to the ever evolving and exciting world of gadgets. He started I4U News back in 2000 and evolved it into vibrant technology magazine. Luigi can be contacted directly at ml@i4u.com.     Advertisement Comments Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. comments powered by Disqus Share this Story Follow Us Read the Latest from I4U News The Car Super Bowl 2017 Ads 3 days ago, 9:26am CST Reserve Your Super Bowl LI Tickets and Pay only if Your Team Makes it to the Big Game 3 days ago, 8:04am CST Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertisers 3 days ago, 4:08am CST Buick Super Bowl 2017 Commercial Announced 3 days ago, 4:06am CST No BMW Super Bowl 2017 Ad Coming 3 days ago, 3:41am CST Concussions may Accelerate Alzheimer’s Disease 7 hours ago, 1:03pm CST 2015 Middle East Dust Storm was Triggered by Changing Climate, Study Reveals 9 hours ago, 11:14am CST iPhone 8 Will Exhibit a More Effective IP68 Water Resistance 10 hours ago, 10:10am CST Is This Our First Glimpse Of The Samsung Galaxy S8? 10 hours ago, 10:04am CST 64GB Apple TV: It Might Be Useful After All 10 hours ago, 9:51am CST Andy Rubin Is Working On A High-end Bezel Less Modular Smartphone 10 hours ago, 9:43am CST Wearable Sensors can Tell When you’re Getting Sick 12 hours ago, 8:14am CST New Technology can Diagnose Diseases using Cell Phone Photos 13 hours ago, 6:48am CST Sulphuric Acid Clouds caused Darkness, cold, killing Dinosaurs 16 hours ago, 3:51am CST Why Uber is bullish on Carpooling, Ride-sharing in India 16 hours ago, 3:41am CST Featured News $299.99 Nintendo Switch On Sale March 3, Pre-order Now Pre-order of Nintendo Switch Starts Friday at Nintendo Store   The Best Super Bowl TV Deals 2017 New Gibbon Species is Named after Star Wars’ Luke Skywalker Super Bowl The Car Super Bowl 2017 Ads 3 days ago, 9:26am CST Reserve Your Super Bowl LI Tickets and Pay only if Your Team Makes it to the Big Game 3 days ago, 8:04am CST Super Bowl 2017 Ads and Advertisers 3 days ago, 4:08am CST Buick Super Bowl 2017 Commercial Announced 3 days ago, 4:06am CST More Super Bowl Stories Latest News Concussions may Accelerate Alzheimer’s Disease 7 hours ago, 1:03pm CST 2015 Middle East Dust Storm was Triggered by Changing Climate, Study Reveals 9 hours ago, 11:14am CST iPhone 8 Will Exhibit a More Effective IP68 Water Resistance 10 hours ago, 10:10am CST Is This Our First Glimpse Of The Samsung Galaxy S8? 10 hours ago, 10:04am CST More Latest News Your Deals on Amazon The Latest ... Cyber Monday 2016 Holiday Gifts 2016 CES 2017 Super Bowl 2017 Ads Technology News Apple News Science News Celebrity News Movie News Advertising News Car News Business News Political News Sport News TV Show News Also on the Geek Mind Black Friday 2017 Hot Tech Deals About I4U News I4U News is daily News site for the Geek Mind. Expect the latest technology news including the juiciest rumors. Stay up to date with the biggest discoveries in science. Other featured news topics include cars, celebrities, movies and more. Read more. CES 2017 The CES 2017 Consumer electronics show takes place again in Las Vegas. Find out what will new products will be dominating 2017. Virtual Reality, 8K TVs, electric cars will be making CES 2017 headlines in our CES 2017 Coverage. About Us | Privacy Policy | Submit News Tips © Copyright by I4U LLC 2017
Fox News Fox Business Fox News Go Fox News Radio Fox Nation Fox News Insider Fox News U.S. Expand/Collapse Search Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Business Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World On Air U.S. Home Crime Terrorism Economy Immigration Disasters Military Education Environment Personal Freedoms Regions Manhunt Suspected Orlando cop-killer's niece arrested Published January 11, 2017 FoxNews.com Facebook0 Twitter0 Email Print   The niece of the suspected Orlando cop-killer Markeith Loyd was arrested Wednesday on accusations she helped her uncle on the run, marking the second arrest in the manhunt, local media reported. Expand / Contract Lakensha Smith-Loyd. The arrest of Lakensha Smith-Loyd came one day after police caught 33-year-old Zarghee Mayan, who's also accused of aiding the fugitive murder suspect in December, Fox 35 reported.  DETAILS EMERGE ON HANDCUFFED SUSPECT WHO SHOT HIMSELF IN PATROL CAR Expand / Contract Zarghee Mayan. Mayan told detectives he gave $200 to Loyd's niece so that she could hand it off to the suspect, who was wanted at the time in the Dec. 13 murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to the Orlando Sentinel. She picked up the money at the fried chicken restaurant where her uncle and Mayan worked, WFTV reported, describing the money as a paycheck. The manhunt escalated in a big way on Monday after police said Loyd, 41, shot and killed Master Sgt. Debra Clayton outside a Walmart in Orlando. Police announced on Tuesday they hiked the reward for information on his whereabouts to $100,000. CAR CRASH VICTIM'S FAMILY TO SUE STATE BECAUSE DRIVER SHOULD HAVE BEEN IN PRISON "I just want him to do the right thing before this situation turns into something else," Smith-Loyd told WFTV in December. "I just want Markeith to know that he's got people that love him and will stand behind him." Mayan claimed he saw Loyd as recently as Saturday, when the suspect was wearing a bulletproof vest and carrying a pistol, the Sentinel added. "There have been times when we just missed him. He has been able to avoid capture," Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings told reporters. Clayton was shot and killed Monday morning after she approached Loyd in the parking lot of the Walmart in northwest Orlando. Many of her colleagues immediately joined the pursuit; among them was a sheriff's deputy who died when he was thrown from his motorcycle in a crash. More than 300 tips from the public have poured in, said Barb Bergin, executive director of Crimeline, the tip-line service which is offering the reward and warns in notices that Loyd is "armed and extremely dangerous." "We will not identify you. We just need to know where he is so no one else is hurt," Bergin said in a plea for more tips. Court documents showed Loyd's criminal record went back two decades. He was arrested in 1996 on a murder charge that was later dropped. Loyd was arrested for battery on an officer in 1998 and sentenced to more than four years in prison. While behind bars, he pleaded guilty to cocaine possession from a prior case and was transferred to federal prison. Federal records showed he was released in July 2014. More recently, his wife, whom he was in the process of divorcing, had filed a request for a temporary injunction against him in 2015, and he followed with a similar request against her three days later. Both requests were eventually dismissed in court. He also had paternity suits from three different women filed against him. His Facebook profile had videos of him working out at a gym and hanging out at a nightclub. He said in a November post, "Goals!!!! To be on Americas (sic) most wanted," followed by a series of laughing-with-tears emojis. "Certainly it's upsetting he was out and about and killed Debra Clayton, our first homicide in the city of Orlando this year, one of the officers protecting our community," Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Friends and relatives attended a vigil for Clayton on Tuesday night, and in the Walmart parking lot, shoppers laid more than two dozen bouquets of flowers, teddy bears and candles in a makeshift memorial. Some shoppers, like Hal Shore, stopped to say a prayer or take a photo. "It's important that the country is aware that there is a war against police officers," said Shore, a cabinet maker. An Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy was killed more than two hours after Monday's shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Demings described the 35-year-old Norman Lewis as "a gentle giant," and the sheriff's office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. Funerals were planned for Lewis for Friday and Clayton for Saturday. Click for more from Fox 35. The Associated Press contributed to this report. Advertisement Trending in U.S. 1 Army, local police probe recent mystery deaths of 11 Fort Hood soldiers 2 New evidence suggests D.B. Cooper may have worked for Boeing 3 Woman charged in adopted daughter's death fostered 30 kids 4 Ringling Bros. circus plans to shut down 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years 5 Legal group goes to bat for eighth-grader suspended for using oregano in pot prank Site Index Sections Home Video Politics U.S. Opinion Entertainment Tech Science Health Travel Lifestyle World Sports Weather On Air Tools Live Video Trending Newsletters Alerts Blogs Mobile Podcasts Radio Fox News Store Apps & Downloads About Careers College Students Fox Around the World Advertise With Us New Terms of Use (What's New) New Privacy Policy Ad Choices Contact Us Email Newsroom FAQ Media Relations Follow Facebook Twitter Google+ LinkedIn RSS Newsletters Fox News Back to Top This material may not be published, broadcast, rewritten, or redistributed. ©2017 FOX News Network, LLC. All rights reserved. All market data delayed 20 minutes. New Privacy - New Terms of Use (What's New) - FAQ
Subscribe Sign In Register Home Subscribe Advertise with Us Careers with Us Contact News-Times Newsletters Digital edition Terms of Use Archives FAQ Advocates gather in Danbury to educate undocumented about their Massachusetts man drives off Kent road, rescued from Housatonic Bethel’s outdoor sculpture exhibit accepts applications for new Ridgefield road to shift into construction configuration News Local Police Reports Regional National World Politics Opinion Science and Technology Were you SEEN? Election New York thief charged with shooting, robbing elderly Bridgewater Bridgeport health official Warren Blunt dies Early morning fire breaks out in Bethel house Readers' choice: Top Danbury-area news stories of 2016 Sports Baseball Football Basketball Hockey Other High School UConn College High School Football Titans drop second straight to first-place Danville Pomperaug swimmers remain unbeaten New Milford topples Newtown in clash of SWC wrestling powers Immaculate’s Wallace an emerging star at Southern Connecticut Business Top Workplaces Markets Real Estate Economic recovery continues in state, region Danbury-based Fuel Cell announces drop in revenues The Vascular Experts expand into Danbury El Coyote expands in New Milford; third restaurant in state Entertainment Movies Music Arts Television Comics Horoscope Games Events 100 years of King Features Syndicate ‘India’ on view in Bridgeport from renowned National Geo Greenwich Choral Society: Schubert’s Mass set with Symphony Rock musical for kids covers history of American presidency Living Health Home and Garden Family Religion Travel Food Weddings Engagements Celebrate Summer Engagement: Scillitoe-Malkin Engagement: Caravakis-Critelli Engagement: Lathrop-Giafone Forum on Faith: A diverse religious community provides light in Obituaries Blogs Classifieds Jobs Homes Rentals Cars Find & Save MenuSections http://www.newstimes.com/local/article/New-Milford-Zoning-Commission-denies-10850338.php New Milford Zoning Commission denies ‘Wal-Mart’ zoning change proposal By Barry Lytton Updated 4:16 pm, Wednesday, January 11, 2017 Photo: Picasa / Contributed Photo Image 1of/2 Caption Close Image 1 of 2 Paul Szymanski Paul Szymanski Photo: Picasa / Contributed Photo Image 2 of 2 The current Walmart store location on Route 7 in New Milford. File photo The current Walmart store location on Route 7 in New Milford. File photo Photo: Scott Mullin / Scott Mullin New Milford Zoning Commission denies ‘Wal-Mart’ zoning change proposal 1 / 2 Back to Gallery NEW MILFORD — The Zoning Commission has denied an application to rezone 31.6 acres of land on Route 7, a proposal some residents opposed over fears that a Wal-Mart Supercenter would be built. The commission voted 5-0 Tuesday against changing the zoning designation from Restricted Industrial to Industrial, which would have allowed big retail uses on the so-called Docktor Brothers parcel, saying the change would not conform with the town’s 2010 Plan of Conservation and Development. “It goes back to the original argument from the Planning Commission,” said Sharon Ward, vice chair of the zoning board. “We really agreed that it was not consistent with the POCD.” That plan confines retail uses to land abutting Route 7, while the Docktor Brothers parcel is set back from Route 7, abutting Pickett District Road. Paul Szymanski, a Republican town councilor who was representing the lansowners, had told the board he could obtain access by leasing land on Route 7 from existing property owners, but Ward said state laws prohibit zoning based on conditional arrangements. Szymanski did not respond to requests for comment Wednesday. The commission was shown a land lease for a driveway that would connect the parcel to Route 7, but it was a 20-year deal while the resulting zone change would be indefinite, said board Chairman Bill Taylor. “We’re not allowed to make a decision based on a third-party condition,” Taylor said. ”John Kane, one of two Democrats on the Planning Commission, said he felt vindicated by the zoning board’s decision. Kane and planning Chairman Jon Seidman voted in October that the rezone proposal did not conform with the POCD. Outmatched by Republican planning commissioners who said the proposal did conform to the plan, Kane and Seidman became vocal critics of the proposal and offered the zoning board a “minority report,” urging the board to deny the rezone proposal at a hearing. Earlier public hearings on the proposal drew more than 100 residents and business or property owners. Almost all of them opposed the change, citing traffic worries and saturation of the retail market. Although Szymanski has never disclosed who the landowners he was representing are workign with in making the application, opponents repeatedly voiced suspicion that it was Wal-Mart. The town already has a Wal-Mart, they noted, and the town does not need a bigger one. Mayor David Gronbach, a Democrat, has criticized him for not disclosing who he’s working for, and Democratic Town Councilman Scott Chamberlain has questioned Szymanski’s ethics as a town councilor and consultant for such developments. “When your motto is ‘we’ get things done,’ that’s a thinly veiled solicitation for influence peddling,” Chamberlain said at a November hearing. Gronbach said business owners, property owners and residents all “breathed a sigh of relief” Wednesday after hearing of the board’s unanimous denial. “It’s good for New Milford,” said Chamberlain, “particularly for the [parcel’s] neighbors.” But some are still concerned. Willing Biddle, who owns several shopping centers in town, including the one where Wal-Mart now sits, said he was relieved by the zoning board’s decision, but is still cautious. Biddle says he’s sure Wal-Mart is behind the rezone push. And if they’re serious, they might reapply or appeal the decision after purchasing some adjacent land along Route 7, he said. “Was it defeated just because of that technicality?” Biddle asked. “That could be changed, right? They could just buy that property.” For the past three months, Biddle has argued against the rezoning with a group of lawyers and planners he’s hired to fight it. The planners have done traffic studies and market surveys to show the zoning board the town can’t handle more retail, and the lawyers have argued that the rezone doesn’t conform to the POCD. Biddle and other town shopping center owners, including Kristen Gizzi, of the Litchfield Crossings center, have attended several zoning meetings to voice concerns that the rezone on the property would create a “shell game” as businesses move from current storefronts to new Wal-Mart abutting ones which would leave a “blighted” commercial corridor. “I’ve spent a lot of money and I’ve spent a lot of time on this, and I just think it's critical that these issues be brought to the boards attention,” he said in an interview. If Szymanski were to appeal or reapply, Biddle would continue to fight the rezone, he added. Szymanski has long argued their calculations were faulty and the town could support another large retail-zoned parcel. Frank Ruiz, who has been at every zoning meeting where the rezoning proposal was heard, said he was happy with Tuesday’s denial. Ruiz said the zoning board listened to the dozens of town residents who criticized the proposal. “We were heard,” he said. “And I’m very thankful to [the zoning board], they’re all volunteers.” Ward, zoning vice chair, said public traffic concerns weighed heavily on the board‘s decision. “I’m proud of the commission,” she said. “We appreciated all the input from the public.” blytton@hearstmediact.com; 203-731-3411; @bglytton Today's Deals Powered by SHOP NOW Jos. A. Bank Shoe Care Kit for $5 + free shipping Jos. A. BankPosted 32 sec ago SHOP NOW Jos. A. Bank Men's Executive Pants for $16 + free shipping Jos. A. BankPosted 30 min ago SHOP NOW CAP Barbell Doorway Sit Up Bar for $5 + pickup at Walmart WalmartPosted 1 day 9 hr ago SHOP NOW Online Technology Courses at Udemy for free UdemyPosted 1 day 9 hr ago Most Popular 1 80 busloads of Connecticut women heading to D.C. 2 Selena Gomez's newest photo has her in just a thong and her... 3 Shooting in Danbury park leads to arrests 4 New York thief charged with shooting, robbing elderly... 5 “Sober homes” draw scrutiny in wake of deaths 6 APNewsBreak: Ringling Bros. circus to close after 146 years 7 Massachusetts man drives off Kent road, rescued from... View Comments © 2017 Hearst Communications, Inc. Logo Return to Top About Careers Advertising Terms & Conditions About Our Ads Ad Choices Privacy Policy Your California Privacy Rights Contact Contact Us FAQ Today's eEdition Feedback Submissions Connect Newsletter Sign-Up Facebook Twitter Google+ Hearst Newspapers © Copyright Hearst Media Services Connecticut, LLC
Gaming News Game Reviews Game Trailers GR Originals Strategy Guides Hot Topics: Nintendo Switch Destiny Mass Effect Andromeda PS4 Pro Xbox One PC Rumor: Walmart Selling Nintendo Switch Pre-Orders For $400 By Boston Blake | 4 days ago  Redditor claiming to be a Walmart employee shares sticker price online that reveals the big-box retailer is selling Nintendo Switch pre-orders for $400. With Nintendo’s big Nintento Switch event lined up for tomorrow, gamers are anxiously awaiting the details about the newest Nintendo console. Among the information gamers expect to receive about the Nintendo Switch are price, specific release date, more details specs, and launch titles. However, it seems Walmart may have jumped the gun a little with one important bit of information: the price. According to a photo shard to Reddit, the big-box retail store is taking pre-orders for the Nintendo Switch at the cost of $399, which is much higher than both gamers and analysts expected for the Nintendo Switch. Of course, gamers need to take this with a grain of salt until the price is officially revealed by Nintendo, but the fact that Walmart is apparently preparing to sell the Switch for such a high price is concerning. At $400, the Nintendo Switch would cost the same as the PS4 Pro, and $100 more than Xbox One S. It’s already been rumored that Nintendo Switch is less powerful than the PlayStation 4, a console that is also available for $300. While gamers are hoping for a solid lineup of titles on Nintendo Switch, the potential $400 price tag is daunting and, if true, could seriously injure the console’s potential sales. As far as the sticker goes, the Redditor who shared it claims to work at the retailer and says the tag just dropped into their system. The tag has yesterday’s date, which aligns fairly well with this week’s event from Nintendo, but the low quality of the photo may also mean it’s been faked in an effort to create false fear among gamers. One of the biggest arguments against a $400 price tag are that the console likely isn’t powerful enough to handle many current-generation titles, which means any third-party titles coming to the console will need to be lower-quality ports from current-gen systems or games from years past. Additionally, industry analysts out of Japan claim the console will be available for less than $250. This seems to fit closer to the console-handheld hybrid’s potential considering its uniqueness and capabilities. Fortunately, gamers won’t have to wait too long to learn the truth about the Nintendo Switch’s price. Nintendo will likely open up pre-orders for Nintendo Switch once its event is complete tomorrow, but hopefully the price for those pre-orders will be lower than the leaked $400. What do you think about the Walmart tag claiming Nintendo Switch will be $400? Nintendo Switch is set to release March 2017. tags: Nintendo, Switch, Walmart Game Title Nintendo Switch Platform Publisher Nintendo Developer Nintendo Release Mar 03, 2017 Load Comments Latest Features Latest News Latest Reviews Latest Videos © 2009-2016 Game Rant, LLC ABOUT CONTACT US PRIVACY POLICY COPYRIGHT ADVERTISE
-6°C -13°C with windchill Home News Local News Local Sports Ag News Submit News Funeral Announcements World News World News Sports News National News Road Reports & Cancellations Weather Features Classifieds Business Directory Local Jobs Community Events Game Central Greeting Zone Seniors News This Week in Portage Radio CFRY MIX 96 Country 93 Search ... Go × New Year New You! Start Something New This Year at the PCU Centre. Details here... RCMP Search For Shoplifter Details Category: Local News Published: Wednesday, 11 January 2017 09:36 Written by Portage Online News RCMP are trying to locate a male suspect who allegedly shoplifted an electronic applicance from Canadian Tire in Portage la Prairie. Police say in a release an unidentified male was observed walking out of Canadian Tire with the appliance on Jan. 8, at about 11:45 a.m. The suspect was seen wearing a blue Hurley baseball cap, blue winter coat, grey pants and grey hiking shoes. Mounties say he was seen leaving the area in a white Chevrolet Malibu with tinted windows. Investigators are asking that anyone who can identify the suspect, or anyone involved with this incident, to contact the Portage la Prairie RCMP at 204-857-4445. Anonymous tips can be made through Manitoba Crime Stoppers at 1-800-222-TIPS (8477) and www.manitobacrimestoppers.com . Tips leading to the arrest and prosecution of those involved could receive cash awards. *Note: This story was edited from a previous version to correct inaccurate information supplied about the location of the incident. It previously stated it occurred at Wal-Mart. Prev Next × New Year New You! Start Something New This Year at the PCU Centre. Details here... More Local News City Council Almost Finished 2017 Budget Portage la Prairie city council is moving along with its 2017 budget process. Councillor Ryan Espey says they're getting closer to completing the process. "We are a good way through the budget, but… January Events At Portage Library The Portage Regional Library's upcoming events are finalized and include an improv course that's not been done there before. Book sale coordinator and graphic designer Suzy Laevens gives the outline.… North Norfolk Creates Interim Budget For 2017 The Municipality of North Norfolk just completed an interim budget for 2017. Mayor Neil Christoffersen explains the reason for an interim budget. "We're in the middle of budget discussions right… Portage Poised To Adopt Policy On Criminal Background Checks The City of Portage la Prairie is considering implementing a new policy to require a criminal background check and a vulnerable persons check for key positions. Councillor Brent Budz says the policy… Coordinator's Role Expands The role of Carman-Dufferin's Safe Communities Coordinator has been expanded. In addition to advocating safety in the area and running the public education program out of the Carman-Dufferin Fire… More People Seeking Refuge In Manitoba Illegally A growing number of people seeking asylum continue to cross into Manitoba illegally near Emerson, most of them on foot. According to Canada Border Services Agency (CBSA), 68 people entered the… Responsibilites Traded Some minor changes have been made to the Boundary Road Agreements between the Municipality of North Norfolk, the RM of Portage la Prairie, and the Municipality of Westlake-Gladstone. North Norfolk… PDAC Classes Still Open For Winter Programming The Portage and District Arts Centre has all of its classes open for more participants in Portage la Prairie. Marketing and events coordinator Lee Beaton outlines what's slated: "The third screening… Why Do New Year's Resolutions Often Fail? As we tread forward in 2017, many people tend to waver in their commitment to New Year's resolutions. Surveys published online suggest one week after New Year's Day, only about 75 per cent of those… Better Weather Coming After the last several days of frigid temperatures across southern Manitoba -- not to mention a blizzard -- some relief would be welcome, and it appears that'll happen. Environment Canada tells us by… Premier Calls Budget Planning Challenging Putting together a provincial budget has been a monumental task, according to Manitoba's premier. Part of the challenge, according to Brian Pallister, is having to incorporate some of the poor fiscal… Last Board Meeting For School Division Asst. Superintendent It's year of transition for the former assistant superintendent of the Portage la Prairie School Division. Mike Mauws participated in his final board meeting Thursday night and shares what it feels… Recycling Numbers Impressive For North Norfolk The mayor of the Municipality of North Norfolk is excited about the success of a new program to keep material out of the landfill. Neil Christoffersen says over the course of 2016 more than a hundred… Homes for the Holidays Tour Portage la Prairie Raises Over $18K The 2016 Homes for the Holidays Tour in Portage la Prairie raised $18,750 for Habitat for Humanity. The annual event saw five Portage area homes dressed up with Christmas cheer in November and opened… City Staff to Receive COPP Training City of Portage la Prairie staff are joining in the effort to help curb crime in the community. Public Safety committee chair Ryan Espey says the city plans to provide operations department staff… Sidewalk Snow Clearing Program Amended The City of Portage la Prairie has expanded its sidewalk snow clearing program. Councillor Melissa Draycott says council passed an amendment to include the asphalt and concrete extensions which were… New Assistant Superintendent Settling In The new assistant superintendent sat in for the first Portage la Prairie School Board meeting of 2017 last night. Pam Garnham officially stepped into her role replacing the retiring Mike Mauws on… Chamber Excited By Premier's Visit The Portage la Prairie Chamber of Commerce is gearing up to host a members-only event next Tuesday with Premier Brian Pallister. It's at the Portage and District Arts Centre gallery, and Executive… Goertzen: Steps Being Taken to Stop Opioid Crisis Manitoba Health Minister Kelvin Goertzen says measures are being taken across the country to stop the opioid crisis. Goertzen says there is a great concern with the influx of Fentanyl and Carfentanil… Seniors Resource Program Seeks Host Communities A new educational resource program aims to help senior citizens in rural Manitoba about some of the challenges they may face. Coordinator Brenda Tonn says Police Academy Older Adults is organized in… DiscoverWestman.com is Westman's only source for community news and information such as weather and classifieds. Quicklinks Funeral Announcements Greeting Zone Portage Terriers Road Reports & Cancellations Search the Biz Guide Search Advanced Search More Local News Safety Tips While Driving In Winter Windstorms Snowmobilers Excited About Winter Conditions Update: Trans-Canada Highway Re-Opens to Winnipeg RCMP: Drive Cautiously in Severe Weather Blizzard Aftermath Forecast For The Day RM Of Portage Talks 2016 Report And 2017 Budget C.R.O.P. Meets In Portage RM of Coldwell Reeve Sick Of Study And Stall Method 2016 Fatalities On MB Roads Almost Double 2015 Solar Energy Program Receives Strong Response City Hires Director of Corporate Services RM Of Portage Declines Invite To Watershed Management Plan RM Pulls Trigger On Land Deal RCMP Search For Shoplifter Portage-Lisgar MP Disappointed With Cabinet Shuffle Getting To Know PRED's New E.D. PDAC's 'Open Studio' Held Every Week PRED Board Optimistic About New E.D. RCMP Weekly Report: Jan. 2-8 Local News Archives Upcoming Events Family Literacy Bingo Family Literacy Bingo 15 January 2017 8:30 am - 31 January 2017 8:00 pm Portage la Prairie Regional Library, Portage la Prairie Recycle Your Christmas Trees Recycle Your Christmas Trees 16 January 2017 12:00 am - 23 January 2017 4:30 pm TBA Home Care Attendant Job Fair Home Care Attendant Job Fair 16 January 2017 9:00 am - 5:15 pm Good Shepherd Church, Portage la Prairie Alzheimer Society "Minds In Motion" Alzheimer Society "Minds In Motion" 16 January 2017 1:00 pm - 3:00 pm PCU Centre, Portage la Prairie When the City of Portage la Prairie and Southcentral Manitoba want local news, weather, and sports online and on-demand, they turn to Portage Online. As Portage la Prairie, Manitoba's website for local job listings, free classifieds, garage sales, family events, business directory and weather cancellations, PortageOnline.com is your connection to local information. Our Community Portals Manitoba: SteinbachOnline.com, CHVNradio.com, Classic107.com, PortageOnline.com, PembinaValleyOnline.com, DiscoverWestman.com Saskatchewan: DiscoverMooseJaw.com, SwiftCurrentOnline.com, DiscoverEstevan.com, DiscoverWeyburn.com, DiscoverHumboldt.com, WestCentralOnline.com Alberta: DrumhellerOnline.com, OkotoksOnline.com, HighRiverOnline.com, DiscoverAirdrie.com, FortSaskOnline.com, CochraneNow.com, LacombeOnline.com Ontario: KenoraOnline.com News Local News Local Sports Ag News Weather Funeral Announcements Submit News Features Classifieds Business Directory Local Jobs Events Calendar Extras Game Central Contact Contact Us Advertise With Us Terms Of Use Agreement Privacy Policy Contest Rules Sitemap Careers RSS © 2017 Golden West Broadcasting. All Rights Reserved. Login Username or Email Address Password Remember Me Forgot your password? Forgot your username? Create an account
Search Contact Us Sign In | Sign Up Home On Air Schedule Listen Listen Live Mobile Mobile APP Events Polly’s All Nighter Submit An Event VIP Club Sign Up Contests Contest Rules VIP Support Submit a Birthday Local Expert Win Stuff Lovin Moments $100 Starbucks Card Sony Extra Bass Bluetooth Headphones Hamilton Beach Single Serve & Full Pot Coffee Brewer $300 Amazon Gift Card Weather School Closings Keeler Tees for Tots Show Notes/Audio Keeler Cow Shirt Keeler Hobika Free Money Contest Contact Help & Contact Info Website Feedback Submit an Event Advertise With Us Careers Be An Event Vendor Follow on Facebook Follow on Twitter Subscribe on YouTube subscribe via RSSTip Us TRENDING: WIBX950 APP School Closings & Delays CNY Scoreboard This Week In The Mohawk Valley Downtown Utica Hospital Traffic Advisories Utica Comets News Lottery Results Customer Accused Of Forcibly Touching Walmart Employee By Jim Rondenelli January 11, 2017 9:58 AM Share on Facebook Share on Twitter Oneida County Sheriff’s Office A Rome man is accused of forcibly touching a female Walmart employee. The Oneida County Sheriff’s Office says 22-year old Tyler Johnson grabbed intimate parts of the employee at the Rome Walmart Supercenter yesterday. He was reported by the store manager who said he’d done that to other employees over the past few weeks. Johnson was charged with forcible touching. The investigation is ongoing and additional charges are pending. Filed Under: oneida county sheriff's office | tyler johnson Category: Utica-Rome News Share on Facebook Share on Twitter More Leave a comment Send to a friend! Print this page Pin it! Reddit This! Share on Tumblr! Best Of WIBX950 The 2017 Boonville Snow Festival – This Week In The Mohawk Valley Oneida County Law Enforcement Agencies Awarded $100,000 Oneida City Police Investigating Armed Robbery Utica Police Investigating Attempted Robbery At Rite Aid Recommended For You ZergNet Best Of The Web ZergNet Leave a Comment Listen Live Meet the Hosts and Reporters Keeler in the Morning Jeff Monaski Andrew Derminio Jim Rondenelli All Hosts and Reporters WIBX on Facebook Our Facebook page is sponsored by: The Latest from WIBX Adirondack Distilling Goes Nationwide! January 15, 2017 Could The Super Bowl Be Blacked Out For Some In Syracuse? January 15, 2017 CVS Puts Out Generic Competitor To EpiPen At A 6th The Price January 15, 2017 The Bed Bugs May Bite in These 2 New York Cities January 15, 2017 WIBX's Daily Deal Oil Change at Clinton Auto Service Buy This Deal Now EEO Advertise Terms VIP Terms FAQ Contest Rules Privacy Policy (Updated: 5/9/16) Contact Townsquare Utica Business Listings Welcome back to IBX INCENTIVE CLUB It appears that you already have an account created within our VIP network of sites on . To keep your personal information safe, we need to verify that it's really you. To activate your account, please confirm your password. When you have confirmed your password, you will be able to log in through Facebook on both sites. Enter your password Forgot your password? YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. Welcome back to IBX INCENTIVE CLUB It appears that you already have an account on this site associated with . To connect your existing account just click on the account activation button below. You will maintain your existing VIP profile. After you do this, you will be able to always log in to http://wibx950.com using your original account information. YES, Activate My Account Now! *Please note that your prizes and activities will not be shared between programs within our VIP network. We're Almost There! Please fill out the information below to help us provide you a better experience. Zip Continue and Activate Log in to IBX INCENTIVE CLUB (Forgot your password?) Log In Not a member? Sign up here IBX INCENTIVE CLUB brought to you by: Sign up for IBX INCENTIVE CLUB Register Now Sign up for IBX INCENTIVE CLUB quickly by connecting your Facebook account. It's just as secure and no password to remember! IBX INCENTIVE CLUB brought to you by: Sign up to have exclusive IBX INCENTIVE CLUB contests, events, coupons, presales, and much more delivered to you for FREE. Like Us on Facebook IBX INCENTIVE CLUB brought to you by: WIBX 950 Song*Please enter a song name. Artist(Optional) Your Name*Please enter your name. Your Email*Please enter your email. Submit Thank you for your request.
Contact Us Journalists Blog Log In Sign Up Send a Release News Solutions Resources Search News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Worldwide Connectivity Constraint Computing Market is expected to expand at a meteoric CAGR of 58.4% by 2024; Zero Prediction Bias an Appealing Concept | TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research Jan 11, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article ALBANY, New York, January 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The leading names in the global ICT industry have bagged top honors in the global connectivity constraint computing market as well. For 2015, the global connectivity constraint computing market was dominated by the names Microsoft Corporation, Google, Inc., Amazon.com, Inc., and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. As per a research report published by Transparency Market Research, the global connectivity constraint computing market holds a higher concentration of players in North America than other regions. Asia Pacific, which was the smaller market in 2015, is expected to show a meteoric growth rate due to its booming IT industry and increasing scope of application for connectivity constraint computing due to high rate of urbanization. The demand for connectivity constraint computing is also expected to be high in regions that are planning for ecosystem management and wildlife corridor planning. The MEA region is likely to gain momentum in infrastructural development, spurring the demand for CCC modeling. The global connectivity constraint computing market is expected to expand at a meteoric CAGR of 58.4% within a forecast period from 2016 to 2024. While its expected evaluation for the end of 2016 is expected to be US$177.8 mn, the phenomenal growth rate is expected to have the market reach US$7.03 bn by the end of 2024. Download PDF brochure for this Report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=18152 Elimination of Human Bias Attracts Several End Users to CCC Modeling  "The use of artificial computing introduces the highly sought after concept of error elimination and bias protection for computing systems. Human operators, regardless of skill, are still prone to a certain minimal level of errors, especially in the massive data sets that are being crunched in modern times. The dynamic nature of data structures calls for the use of connectivity constraint computing and other artificial computing methods, that essentially, minimize or even negate the scope of error, as well as the overall time taken for the processes, through fast and iterative computing. This is becoming a highly crucial need for end users when faced with the staggering data volumes that need to be processed without any bias, which thus forms the key driver for the global connectivity constraint computing market," states a TMR analyst. Other factors promoting the growth of the global connectivity constraint computing market include the growing need for process automation in terms of improvement of quality in data accumulation and maintenance functions, and the growing need for CCC for spatial analysis using data rich and large scale frameworks. Browse Regional Press Release: http://www.europlat.org/global-connectivity-constraint-computing-market.htm Data Accumulation Complications in CCC Need to be Resolved Soon  One of the key restrictions on the global connectivity constraint computing market currently, is the increasing complexity of computing due to the formation of high volume and multiple data sets. The CCC modeling techniques, while useful in solving several issues, itself required the use of multiple data sets. This can lead to the accumulation of data sets that are non-compatible and can seriously hinder the automation process. At the same time, the global connectivity constraint computing market is also hindered by the expensive nature of model implementation, as real time data crunching and CCC modeling is certainly a costly affair at the moment. "While these issues are likely to be resolved over the coming years, players in the global connectivity constraint computing market can also look forward to gaining several opportunities in terms of constraint inclusions. The inclusion of proper constraint programming approaches can help resolve the issues visible in the use of this modeling in connected wildlife corridors. Additionally, the global connectivity constraint computing market is also expected to benefit vastly from the increasing scope of application of CCC in urban planning," adds the analyst. The information presented in this review is based on a Transparency Market Research report, titled, "Connectivity Constraint Computing Market (Applications - Ecosystem and Healthcare Management System (Wildlife Corridor & Ecosystem Designing and Public Health Surveillance), Social Management (Biological Mapping, Social Media Analytics), Logistic and Other Network Designing, and Security) - Global Industry Analysis, Trend, Size, Share and Forecast, 2016 - 2024." Key segments of the Global Connectivity Constraint Computing Market  Connectivity Constraint Computing Market, by Application, 2016 - 2024:  - Ecosystem & Healthcare Management System Wildlife Corridor & Ecosystem Designing Public Health Surveillance Others - Social Management Biological Mapping Social Media Analytics Others - Logistic & Other Network Designing - Security Connectivity Constraint Computing Market, by Geography: The market is broadly segmented on the basis of geography into: North America Europe Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa South America Related Research Reports by TMR:  Cloud Computing Data Center IT Asset Disposition (ITAD) Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cloud-computing-data-center-it-asset-disposition-market.html 3D Mapping and 3D Modeling Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/3d-mapping-modeling-market.html About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. US Office Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/+Transparencymarketresearch SOURCE Transparency Market Research Jan 11, 2017, 10:30 ET Preview: E-Scrap and Printed Circuit Board (PCB) E-Scrap Market is Expected to Scrap 69.7 mn Units by 2026: Rising Electronics Production Makes Asia Pacific Frontrunner | TMR Jan 11, 2017, 07:30 ET Preview: Ophthalmic Ultrasound Device Market to Reach US$4.03 Billion by 2024: Geriatric Count and Consequent Ocular Illness Count on the Rise, Notes TMR My News Release contains wide tables. View fullscreen. Also from this source Jan 13, 2017, 07:30 ETBy Revenue, Functional Food Ingredients Market is Expected to... Jan 13, 2017, 05:30 ETIn Terms of Revenue, Dairy Alternatives Market is Expected to... Explore More news releases in similar topics Computer Electronics Computer Software Networks Surveys, Polls and Research You just read: Worldwide Connectivity Constraint Computing Market is expected to expand at a meteoric CAGR of 58.4% by 2024; Zero Prediction Bias an Appealing Concept | TMR News provided by Transparency Market Research Jan 11, 2017, 08:30 ET Share this article Looking to send a news release with PR Newswire? Take advantage of the world's leading distribution platform. Sign up to get started Request more information Have an account? Log In Phone 8AM - 10PM ET +1-888-776-0942 Send a Release Sign Up Blog For Journalists Contact Us Search Searching for your content... Advanced Search Contact 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Chat Online with an Expert Contact Us Solutions Cision Communication Cloud™ For Marketers For Public Relations For IR & Compliance For Agency For Small Business All Products About About PR Newswire About Cision Become a Publishing Partner Become a Channel Partner Careers   Global Sites Asia Brazil Canada Europe Finland France India Israel Mexico Middle East Netherlands Sweden United Kingdom My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ My Services All News Releases Online Member Center ProfNet℠ 888-776-0942 from 8 AM - 10 PM ET Terms of Use Privacy Policy Information Security Policy Statement Site Map RSS Feeds Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cision company. News Solutions Resources News in Focus Browse News Releases All News Releases News Releases Overview English-only All Public Company Multimedia Gallery All Multimedia Multimedia Gallery Overview All Photos All Videos Trending Topics All Trending Topics Business & Money Auto & Transportation All Auto & Transportation Auto & Transportation Overview Aerospace, Defense Air Freight Airlines & Aviation Automotive Maritime & Shipbuilding Railroads and Intermodal Transportation Transportation, Trucking & Railroad Travel Trucking and Road Transportation Business Technology All Business Technology Business Technology Overview Broadcast Tech Computer Hardware Computer Software Computer & Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Components Electronic Design Automation Electronics Performance Measurement High Tech Security Internet Technology Nanotechnology Networks Peripherals RFID (Radio Frequency ID) Semantic Web Semiconductors Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Financial Services & Investing All Financial Services & Investing Financial Services & Investing Overview Accounting News & Issues Acquisitions, Mergers and Takeovers Banking & Financial Services Bankruptcy Bond & Stock Ratings Conference Call Announcements Contracts Dividends Earnings Forecasts & Projections Earnings Financing Agreements Insurance Investments Opinions Joint Ventures Mutual Funds OTC, SmallCap Real Estate Restructuring & Recapitalization Sales Reports Shareholders' Rights Plan Stock Offering Stock Split Venture Capital General Business All General Business General Business Overview Agency Roster Awards Commercial Real Estate Corporate Expansion Earnings Human Resource & Workforce Management Licensing New Products & Services Obituaries Outsourcing Businesses Overseas Real Estate (non-US) Personnel Announcements Real Estate Transactions Residential Real Estate Small Business Services Socially Responsible Investing Surveys, Polls and Research Trade Show News Science & Tech Consumer Technology All Consumer Technology Consumer Technology Overview Computer Electronics Computer Hardware Computer Software Consumer Electronics Electronic Commerce Electronic Gaming Mobile Entertainment Multimedia & Internet Peripherals Social Media Web Site Wireless Communications Energy All Energy Energy Overview Alternative Energies Chemical Electrical Utilities Gas Mining Mining & Metals Oil & Energy Oil and Gas Discoveries Utilities Water Utilities Environ­ment All Environ­ment Environ­ment Overview Conservation & Recycling Environmental Issues Environmental Policy Environmental Products & Services Green Technology Heavy Industry & Manufacturing All Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Heavy Industry & Manufacturing Overview Aerospace & Defense Agriculture Chemical Construction & Building HVAC (Heating, Ventilation and Air-Conditioning) Machine Tools, Metalworking and Metallurgy Machinery Mining Mining & Metals Paper, Forest Products & Containers Precious Metals Textiles Tobacco Telecomm­unications All Telecomm­unications Telecomm­unications Overview Carriers and Services Mobile Entertainment Networks Peripherals Telecommunic­ations Equipment Telecommunica­tions Industry VoIP (Voice over Internet Protocol) Wireless Communications Lifestyle & Health Consumer Products & Retail All Consumer Products & Retail Consumer Products & Retail Overview Animals & Pets Beers, Wines and Spirits Beverages Bridal Services Cosmetics and Personal Care Fashion Food & Beverages Furniture and Furnishings Home Improvement Household Products Household, Consumer & Cosmetics Jewelry Non-Alcoholic Beverages Office Products Organic Food Product Recalls Restaurants Retail Supermarkets Toys Entertain­ment & Media All Entertain­ment & Media Entertain­ment & Media Overview Advertising Art Books Entertainment Film and Motion Picture Magazines Music Publishing & Information Services Radio Television Health All Health Health Overview Biometrics Biotechnology Dentistry Clinical Trials & Medical Discoveries FDA Approval Health Care & Hospitals Health Insurance Infection Control Medical Equipment Medical Pharmaceuticals Mental Health Pharmaceuticals Supplementary Medicine Sports All Sports Sports Overview General Sports Sporting Events Sports Equipment & Accessories Travel All Travel Travel Overview Amusement Parks and Tourist Attractions Gambling & Casinos Hotels and Resorts Leisure & Tourism Passenger Aviation Travel Industry Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest All Policy & Public Interest Policy & Public Interest Overview Advocacy Group Opinion Animal Welfare Corporate Social Responsibility Domestic Policy Economic News, Trends, Analysis Education Environmental European Government FDA Approval Federal and State Legislation Federal Executive Branch & Agency Foreign Policy & International Affairs Homeland Security Labor & Union Legal Issues Not For Profit Patent Law Public Safety Trade Policy U.S. State Policy People & Culture People & Culture All People & Culture People & Culture Overview Aboriginal, First Nations & Native American African American Asian American Children Disabilities, Disabled People Hispanic Lesbian, Gay & Bisexual Religion Senior Citizens Veterans Women Other Language News dansk Deutsch español Français italiano Nederlands norsk português suomeksi svenska Phone +1-888-776-0942 8AM - 10PM ET Chat Chat Online with an Expert All contact info Send a ReleaseLog In
Top Local Stories Sunday night becoming partly cloudy, stays chilly News Costs to fix sinkhole estimated at $78 million or more News Saturday night very cold again with clearing skies News Metro Detroit weather forecast: Missing a really big one Weather Metro Detroit forecast: Feeling like winter, again, Friday with sunshine Weather Metro Detroit weather: Temperatures drop below freezing Weather Metro Detroit weather forecast: Thunder and ice weren't nice! Weather In VW case, US takes aim at employees, not just corporation Automotive Freezing rain advisory in effect for parts of SE Michigan Weather Metro Detroit forecast: Rain and mid-50s to start with temps dropping fast Weather Metro Detroit weather: Temperatures rise into low 50s Weather EPA official: Improvement seen in Flint's water system Flint Water Crisis Features Memories of Livonia's Wonderland Mall Mall closed in 2003 By Ken Haddad Posted: 6:14 AM, January 11, 2017 Updated: 6:14 AM, January 11, 2017 Photo: DetroitYes More Features Headlines Michigan's most haunted: Eloise Psychiatric Hospital 29 years ago: Northwest Flight 255 crashes after takeoff from Detroit… Iconic Detroit Buildings: The Fox Theatre Iconic Detroit Buildings: Fort Shelby Hotel Iconic Detroit Buildings: Penobscot Building DETROIT - If you grew up in Metro Detroit between 1960 and 2000, you likely remember Wonderland Mall. Wonderland Mall, originally named Wonderland Center, sat on Plymouth and Middlebelt (or Middle Belt) roads in Livonia, Michigan. The 74 acre site, dual level facility was opened in August 1959, designed by Louis G. Redstone. The 1959 mall roster included Zuieback's Suburban, Marianne's, Winkelman's, Lerner Shops, Kinney Shoes, Leib Brothers, Singer Sewing Center, Hughes & Hatcher apparel, Rafter's Restaurant, F.W. Woolworth and S.S. Kresge 5 & 10s and Wrigley's and Food Fair supermarkets. It was originally an outdoor mall, before being enclosed in 1986, and then being reopened as Wonderland Mall. An expansion of the mall started in 1989, when a 129,000 square foot, 1 level extension was built for a Target and a 6-screen movie theater. Over the next several years, many popular chains filled the mall, including Office Max, Old Navy, and Bath & Body Works. An entertainment wing was opened in 1997, which featured Jeepers!, a family restaurant and animated indoor amusement part. The mall's food court expanded and was renamed Boardwalk Cafes. After some of its main anchor stores vacated, Wonderland Mall closed in early 2003, with only Dunham's, Office Max and Target open, with exterior entrances.  By 2007, after much debate, a Wal-Mart SuperCenter was opened where Wonderland Mall once stood. The Wal-Mart became an anchor for the Wonderland Village, which opened in 2007, as a strip mall, including Chili's, Potbelly, LA Fitness and Target. You can actually still see the Wonderland Mall website (last updated in 2000, it seems) right here. Memories of Wonderland Mall There are many memories in forums and blogs online about Wonderland. For many who grew up in the area, it was a childhood haven. I used to live in the neighborhood right behind there. I remember when it was open and then when they closed it. You had to walk on boards (for what seemed like a year) from store to store while they enclosed it. I never understood why they didn't start w/ a floor first. In my teens I worked at the Foot Locker and Wilson's Leather. I'm glad they finally closed it, it had been going downhill for such a long time. - Anonymous Anyone remember the kiddie rides on the Plymouth Road side of the parking lot? I remember them being there all summer, with 10 cents rides on Wednesday's. My mom is claiming that to be a distorted childhood memory and that the rides were only there on select weekends. - Anonymous My Grandfather Joseph Thompson ran the kid rides at Wonderland mall!!! He also played Santa at Christmas time even though he was very skinny!!!!! - Steven Seiler I lived in Ypsilanti when Wonderland was in "full bloom" My family and I drove over to eat some kind of great corn beef meal. In the ensuing years, I lived in FL and recently moved to Livonia. The only thing recognizable is the sign saying it is Wonderland. I am glad it is being utilized but I still have great memories. - Anonymous I remember going to "the Shoe tree" ca. 1963 with my folks, getting fitted for shoes by the clerk. The centerpiece display was a three-dimensional tree, with shoe styles arranged on little shelves. and the Marshall Fredericks sculptures, before they enclosed the mall. My grandparents shopped at Monkey Wards there. - 56packman Wonderland Mall was prominent in my childhood. School clothes shopping at Wards was an annual event. My sister and I would distract my mom when we passed Winkelmans because they only had one chair near the dressing room! This is all when it was open air! - DetroitTeacher I spent a great deal of my childhood at Wonderland Mall. My dad owned the discount drug store (Mark Down) that was located in the Marketplace, and I worked there helping him out. We used to eat at Smart Alex and Big Boy, and yes, there was a Kresge there. The stores I remember: Wards, Kresge, K-B Toys, Baskin Robbins, an ophthalmologist''s office, a pet store, an art store (next to Mark Down), and a music store, among others. And I remember the monkeys. - Julie S. There was a Spaghetti Company restaurant at the Wonderland Mall from 1977 to about 1981, but it did not have a train motif. When it first opened, it was probably the most popular restaurant in the Detroit area for awhile. Every day of the week there was at least an hour wait to be seated, and this was a big restaurant. There were 3 different dining rooms and a bar with entertainment. The place had to seat at least 300 people. - Steve B. I grew up right near Wonderland Mall. I can assure you that the mall had both a Kresges AND a Woolworths. I believe that the Kresges closed first, probably around 1982, definitely before the mall was enclosed. The Kresges location, if my memory serves me correctly, became a Designer Depot. I went to Catholic schools and had to wear white blouses, and my mom stocked up on them at Designer Depot! As for the theaters, I am fairly certain that the existing location (which was the AMC theaters) is not the original location. - Shannon I saw a quite a few movies there as a teenager, I remember the mall vividly when it was open air and when it was later enclosed and a giant food court added along with the movie theatre. Yes there was a Kresge and Woolworth store, along with Montgomery Ward, and lots of smaller stores (I vaugely recall Federals, but was too young to really remember it well). I remember the mall fondly as a child going to the annual Livonia Jaycees Spring Carnival which was always held around Memorial Day weekend in the Plymouth Road parking area near Montgomery Ward. This carnival ran there until around 1984, then was moved to nearby Detroit Race Course at Middlebelt and I-96. - Chris H. Sources: DetroitYes, Malls of America, Mall Hall of Fame Copyright 2017 by WDIV ClickOnDetroit - All rights reserved. × Features Unexplained UFO video declassified by Chilean Navy Memories of Livonia's Wonderland Mall Rod Meloni: Children rule at Marshbank Park sledding hill Iconic Detroit Buildings: The Fox Theatre Albert Kahn: Architect of Detroit U.S. and World News Chip Somodevilla/Getty Images These 8 men are richer than 3.6 billion people combined Copyright 2017 CNN Obama's advice to Trump on being president POOL via CNN Trump hints at European immigration restrictions JUAN BARRETO/AFP/Getty Images 100-bolivar notes get extension as Venezuela crisis continues Bill Olive/Getty Images Jimmy 'Superfly' Snuka dies Trending http://www.clickondetroit.com
Latest News Dow 19,886 -5.27 -0.03% Nasdaq 5,574 +26.63 +0.48% S&P 500 2,275 +4.20 +0.18% 9:18 P.M. ET Updated My father died with no will — can I stop my mother from inheriting his home? 8:44 P.M. ET Here's what Trump means for the tech industry 6:54 P.M. ET Ice Storms Cause Hazards in Great Plains States 6:21 P.M. ET These dogs make up to $10K per social media post 6:03 P.M. ET Updated U.K. pound drops ahead of Theresa May’s Brexit speech 5:27 P.M. ET CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump 5:10 P.M. ET Updated Don’t buy the spin: Trump’s tycoons really will avoid taxes 5:00 P.M. ET Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 4:57 P.M. ET Nvidia and Audi predict self-driving car by 2020 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Divorce lawyers: 30% more couples terminate their marriage in January 4:19 P.M. ET Updated Most Americans are one medical emergency away from financial disaster 4:19 P.M. ET Updated My ex-husband left me his $150,000 pension — his sister says it was an oversight 2:04 P.M. ET More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration 2:03 P.M. ET Davos elite promise global solutions, but they’re part of the problem 2:01 P.M. ET Unrest could grip Germany in 2017 and U.S. investors could suffer fallout 2:00 P.M. ET 4 reforms we must make to our democracy to protect the American economy 1:39 P.M. ET Updated Sanders says ‘it would not be a bad thing’ if FBI boss Comey stepped down 1:37 P.M. ET Updated Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus to shut down after 146 years 1:23 P.M. ET Updated Is Amazon’s new credit card for Prime members worth it? 1:18 P.M. ET Updated Is Chase Sapphire Reserve card still a good value — even with the new terms? Log In Home News Viewer Video SectorWatch Podcasts First Take Games Portfolio My MarketWatch News Viewer Markets U.S. Europe/Middle East Emerging Markets Asia Canada SectorWatch Columns Market Snapshot Movers & Shakers The Tell Currencies Futures Movers Pre-Market News Tools Earnings Wall Markets Overview IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar Currency Tools Futures Contracts Market Screener Hulbert Interactive Investing Stocks Mutual Funds ETFs Options Bonds Commodities Currencies Futures Hedge Funds/Insider Trades Getting Started MarketWatch Adviser Columns Options Trader Revolution Investing Tools Stock Screener Funds Finder ETF Screener Options Screener IPO Calendar Earnings Calendar More... Trading Deck . Personal Finance 10 Things Big Spender Real Estate Spending & Saving Taxes Columns The Moneyologist Brett Arends Bill Bischoff Amy Hoak Chuck Jaffe Jennifer Openshaw Jennifer Waters Tools Funds Finder Today's Rates Retirement RetireMentors Encore Taxes Retire Here, Not There How-to Guides Social Security Estate Planning Events Columns Robert Powell's Retirement Portfolio Andrea Coombes's Working Retirement Tools Retirement Planner How long will my money last? Economy Federal Reserve Capitol Report Economic Report Columns Darrell Delamaide Irwin Kellner Rex Nutting Tools Economic Calendar Real Estate Location Scouts realtor.com My MarketWatch Watchlist Alerts Games Log In Home Press Release Worldwide Connectivity Constraint Computing Market is expected to expand at a meteoric CAGR of 58.4% by 2024; Zero Prediction Bias an Appealing Concept | TMR By Published: Jan 11, 2017 8:30 a.m. ET Share ALBANY, New York, January 11, 2017 /PRNewswire via COMTEX/ -- ALBANY, New York, January 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The leading names in the global ICT industry have bagged top honors in the global connectivity constraint computing market as well. For 2015, the global connectivity constraint computing market was dominated by the names Microsoft Corporation, Google, Inc., Amazon.com, Inc., and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. As per a research report published by Transparency Market Research, the global connectivity constraint computing market holds a higher concentration of players in North America than other regions. Asia Pacific, which was the smaller market in 2015, is expected to show a meteoric growth rate due to its booming IT industry and increasing scope of application for connectivity constraint computing due to high rate of urbanization. The demand for connectivity constraint computing is also expected to be high in regions that are planning for ecosystem management and wildlife corridor planning. The MEA region is likely to gain momentum in infrastructural development, spurring the demand for CCC modeling. The global connectivity constraint computing market is expected to expand at a meteoric CAGR of 58.4% within a forecast period from 2016 to 2024. While its expected evaluation for the end of 2016 is expected to be US$177.8 mn, the phenomenal growth rate is expected to have the market reach US$7.03 bn by the end of 2024. Download PDF brochure for this Report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=18152 Elimination of Human Bias Attracts Several End Users to CCC Modeling  "The use of artificial computing introduces the highly sought after concept of error elimination and bias protection for computing systems. Human operators, regardless of skill, are still prone to a certain minimal level of errors, especially in the massive data sets that are being crunched in modern times. The dynamic nature of data structures calls for the use of connectivity constraint computing and other artificial computing methods, that essentially, minimize or even negate the scope of error, as well as the overall time taken for the processes, through fast and iterative computing. This is becoming a highly crucial need for end users when faced with the staggering data volumes that need to be processed without any bias, which thus forms the key driver for the global connectivity constraint computing market," states a TMR analyst. Other factors promoting the growth of the global connectivity constraint computing market include the growing need for process automation in terms of improvement of quality in data accumulation and maintenance functions, and the growing need for CCC for spatial analysis using data rich and large scale frameworks. Browse Regional Press Release: http://www.europlat.org/global-connectivity-constraint-computing-market.htm Data Accumulation Complications in CCC Need to be Resolved Soon  One of the key restrictions on the global connectivity constraint computing market currently, is the increasing complexity of computing due to the formation of high volume and multiple data sets. The CCC modeling techniques, while useful in solving several issues, itself required the use of multiple data sets. This can lead to the accumulation of data sets that are non-compatible and can seriously hinder the automation process. At the same time, the global connectivity constraint computing market is also hindered by the expensive nature of model implementation, as real time data crunching and CCC modeling is certainly a costly affair at the moment. "While these issues are likely to be resolved over the coming years, players in the global connectivity constraint computing market can also look forward to gaining several opportunities in terms of constraint inclusions. The inclusion of proper constraint programming approaches can help resolve the issues visible in the use of this modeling in connected wildlife corridors. Additionally, the global connectivity constraint computing market is also expected to benefit vastly from the increasing scope of application of CCC in urban planning," adds the analyst. The information presented in this review is based on a Transparency Market Research report, titled, "Connectivity Constraint Computing Market (Applications - Ecosystem and Healthcare Management System (Wildlife Corridor & Ecosystem Designing and Public Health Surveillance), Social Management (Biological Mapping, Social Media Analytics), Logistic and Other Network Designing, and Security) - Global Industry Analysis, Trend, Size, Share and Forecast, 2016 - 2024." Key segments of the Global Connectivity Constraint Computing Market  Connectivity Constraint Computing Market, by Application, 2016 - 2024:  Ecosystem & Healthcare Management System Wildlife Corridor & Ecosystem Designing Public Health Surveillance Others Social Management Biological Mapping Social Media Analytics Others Logistic & Other Network Designing Security Connectivity Constraint Computing Market, by Geography: The market is broadly segmented on the basis of geography into: North America Europe Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa South America Related Research Reports by TMR:  Cloud Computing Data Center IT Asset Disposition (ITAD) Market : http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cloud-computing-data-center-it-asset-disposition-market.html 3D Mapping and 3D Modeling Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/3d-mapping-modeling-market.html About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. US Office Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/+Transparencymarketresearch SOURCE Transparency Market Research Copyright (C) 2017 PR Newswire. All rights reserved Most Popular Why Goldman sees only 90 good days for U.S. stocks in 2017 More Democratic lawmakers plan on boycotting Trump’s inauguration Stocks may need a flawless earnings season to keep Trump rally going CIA chief John Brennan has a stern warning for Donald Trump Tour the house Obama will live in after he moves out of the White House MarketWatch Partner Center Luxury Real Estate Essential apps for your smart home hub View More SectorWatch These dogs make up to $10k per social media post View More Real Estate 2016's most popular homes were led by the biggest fixer-upper of all time View More Barron's Next When leaving a job, take the 401k money and run View More Sponsored Headlines MarketWatch Site Index Topics Help Feedback Newsroom Roster Media Archive Premium Products Mobile Company Company Info Code of Conduct Corrections Advertising Media Kit Advertise Locally Reprints & Licensing Broker Center Your Ad Choices Dow Jones Network WSJ.com Barron's Online BigCharts Virtual Stock Exchange Financial News Online WSJ.com Small Business realtor.com Mansion Global Back to Top Copyright ©2017 MarketWatch, Inc. All rights reserved. By using this site you agree to the Terms of Service, Privacy Policy, and Cookie Policy. Intraday Data provided by SIX Financial Information and subject to terms of use. Historical and current end-of-day data provided by SIX Financial Information. Intraday data delayed per exchange requirements. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All quotes are in local exchange time. Real time last sale data provided by NASDAQ. More information on NASDAQ traded symbols and their current financial status. Intraday data delayed 15 minutes for Nasdaq, and 20 minutes for other exchanges. S&P/Dow Jones Indices (SM) from Dow Jones & Company, Inc. SEHK intraday data is provided by SIX Financial Information and is at least 60-minutes delayed. All quotes are in local exchange time. Advanced Search Stocks Columns Authors Topics No results found LatestNews
Regulatory News Search Search Products & Services    News Releases Close Send a release Become a client For journalists Global sites Asia Brazil Canada Finland France India Israel Mexico Netherlands Sweden United States See more news releases in Computer Electronics | Computer Software | Networks | Surveys, Polls and Research Worldwide Connectivity Constraint Computing Market is expected to expand at a meteoric CAGR of 58.4% by 2024; Zero Prediction Bias an Appealing Concept | TMR ALBANY, New York, January 11, 2017 /PRNewswire/ -- The leading names in the global ICT industry have bagged top honors in the global connectivity constraint computing market as well. For 2015, the global connectivity constraint computing market was dominated by the names Microsoft Corporation, Google, Inc., Amazon.com, Inc., and Wal-Mart Stores, Inc. As per a research report published by Transparency Market Research, the global connectivity constraint computing market holds a higher concentration of players in North America than other regions. Asia Pacific, which was the smaller market in 2015, is expected to show a meteoric growth rate due to its booming IT industry and increasing scope of application for connectivity constraint computing due to high rate of urbanization. The demand for connectivity constraint computing is also expected to be high in regions that are planning for ecosystem management and wildlife corridor planning. The MEA region is likely to gain momentum in infrastructural development, spurring the demand for CCC modeling. The global connectivity constraint computing market is expected to expand at a meteoric CAGR of 58.4% within a forecast period from 2016 to 2024. While its expected evaluation for the end of 2016 is expected to be US$177.8 mn, the phenomenal growth rate is expected to have the market reach US$7.03 bn by the end of 2024. Download PDF brochure for this Report: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/sample/sample.php?flag=S&rep_id=18152 Elimination of Human Bias Attracts Several End Users to CCC Modeling  "The use of artificial computing introduces the highly sought after concept of error elimination and bias protection for computing systems. Human operators, regardless of skill, are still prone to a certain minimal level of errors, especially in the massive data sets that are being crunched in modern times. The dynamic nature of data structures calls for the use of connectivity constraint computing and other artificial computing methods, that essentially, minimize or even negate the scope of error, as well as the overall time taken for the processes, through fast and iterative computing. This is becoming a highly crucial need for end users when faced with the staggering data volumes that need to be processed without any bias, which thus forms the key driver for the global connectivity constraint computing market," states a TMR analyst. Other factors promoting the growth of the global connectivity constraint computing market include the growing need for process automation in terms of improvement of quality in data accumulation and maintenance functions, and the growing need for CCC for spatial analysis using data rich and large scale frameworks. Browse Regional Press Release: http://www.europlat.org/global-connectivity-constraint-computing-market.htm Data Accumulation Complications in CCC Need to be Resolved Soon  One of the key restrictions on the global connectivity constraint computing market currently, is the increasing complexity of computing due to the formation of high volume and multiple data sets. The CCC modeling techniques, while useful in solving several issues, itself required the use of multiple data sets. This can lead to the accumulation of data sets that are non-compatible and can seriously hinder the automation process. At the same time, the global connectivity constraint computing market is also hindered by the expensive nature of model implementation, as real time data crunching and CCC modeling is certainly a costly affair at the moment. "While these issues are likely to be resolved over the coming years, players in the global connectivity constraint computing market can also look forward to gaining several opportunities in terms of constraint inclusions. The inclusion of proper constraint programming approaches can help resolve the issues visible in the use of this modeling in connected wildlife corridors. Additionally, the global connectivity constraint computing market is also expected to benefit vastly from the increasing scope of application of CCC in urban planning," adds the analyst. The information presented in this review is based on a Transparency Market Research report, titled, "Connectivity Constraint Computing Market (Applications - Ecosystem and Healthcare Management System (Wildlife Corridor & Ecosystem Designing and Public Health Surveillance), Social Management (Biological Mapping, Social Media Analytics), Logistic and Other Network Designing, and Security) - Global Industry Analysis, Trend, Size, Share and Forecast, 2016 - 2024." Key segments of the Global Connectivity Constraint Computing Market  Connectivity Constraint Computing Market, by Application, 2016 - 2024:  - Ecosystem & Healthcare Management System Wildlife Corridor & Ecosystem Designing Public Health Surveillance Others - Social Management Biological Mapping Social Media Analytics Others - Logistic & Other Network Designing - Security Connectivity Constraint Computing Market, by Geography: The market is broadly segmented on the basis of geography into: North America Europe Asia Pacific Middle East and Africa South America Related Research Reports by TMR:  Cloud Computing Data Center IT Asset Disposition (ITAD) Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/cloud-computing-data-center-it-asset-disposition-market.html 3D Mapping and 3D Modeling Market: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com/3d-mapping-modeling-market.html About Us Transparency Market Research (TMR) is a global market intelligence company providing business information reports and services. The company's exclusive blend of quantitative forecasting and trend analysis provides forward-looking insight for thousands of decision makers. TMR's experienced team of analysts, researchers, and consultants use proprietary data sources and various tools and techniques to gather and analyze information. TMR's data repository is continuously updated and revised by a team of research experts so that it always reflects the latest trends and information. With extensive research and analysis capabilities, Transparency Market Research employs rigorous primary and secondary research techniques to develop distinctive data sets and research material for business reports. US Office Contact Transparency Market Research 90 State Street, Suite 700 Albany, NY 12207 Tel: +1-518-618-1030 USA - Canada Toll Free: 866-552-3453 Email: sales@transparencymarketresearch.com Website: http://www.transparencymarketresearch.com Google+: https://plus.google.com/+Transparencymarketresearch SOURCE Transparency Market Research More by this Source By Revenue, Functional Food Ingredients Market is Expected to Reach US$ 32.40 Bn in 2024: Transparency Market Research 13 Jan, 2017, 12:30 GMT In Terms of Revenue, Dairy Alternatives Market is Expected to Reach US$26,311.3 Mn in 2024: Transparency Market Research 13 Jan, 2017, 10:30 GMT Global Barite Market: Production Volume to Cross 11 Thousand Kilo Tons by 2024; Global Industry Analysis, Size, Share, Growth, Trends, and Forecast 2016 - 2024: Transparency Market Research 12 Jan, 2017, 14:30 GMT View all news by Transparency Market Research Journalists and Bloggers Visit PR Newswire for Journalists for releases, photos and customised feeds just for media. View and download archived video content distributed by MultiVu on The Digital Center. Next in Computer Electronics News   Get content for your website Enhance your website's or blog's content with PR Newswire's customised real-time news feeds. Start today.       Contact PR Newswire Send us an email at MarketingUK@prnewswire.co.uk or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382       Become a PR Newswire client Request more information about PR Newswire products & services or call us at +44 (0)20 7454 5382     Products & Services Knowledge Centre Browse News Releases Meet the Media Contact PR Newswire About PR Newswire Contact PR Newswire PR Newswire's Terms of Use Apply Privacy and Cookie Policy Site Map RSS Feeds Blog Copyright © 2017 PR Newswire Association LLC. All Rights Reserved. A Cisioncompany. Powered by Clickability.
Whoa there! Looks like you're already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* resendLink *} Please resend verification. Thanks for verifying your email address You're now logged in. LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS Are you already a home delivery subscriber for PalmBeachPost.com? Yes, Link My AccountNo, I'm good Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign In OR Sign in using your PalmBeachPost.com profile Need a Profile? Register Now. {* #userInformationForm *} *EMAIL {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} *PASSWORD Forgot your password? {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Sign in using your existing account {* loginWidget *} You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. *Required {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Register *Required {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account *Required {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Just One More Thing... We have sent you a verification email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your PalmBeachPost.com profile. If you do not receive the verification message within a few minutes of signing up, please check your Spam or Junk folder. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on PalmBeachPost.com frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. Close Sign In It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} Change password {* newPasswordForm *} {* newPassword *} {* newPasswordConfirm *} {* submitButton *} {* /newPasswordForm *} Your password has been changed Password has been successfully updated. Sign in Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Create a new password We didn't recognize that password reset code. Enter your email address to get a new one. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close Thanks for verifying your email address. You're now logged in. {# Show dss link in NP sites that have subscriptions_url set #} {% if subscriptions_url %} * LINK YOUR ACCOUNT FOR PREMIUM ACCESS - Are you already a home delivery subscriber for {% site_setting friendly_name %}? Yes, Link My Account No, I'm good {% else %} Close {% endif %} {% include "includes/auth/janrain/signIn_traditional.html" with message='It looks like you are already verified. If you still have trouble signing in, you probably need a new confirmation link email.' %} Jobs Autos Homes Classifieds Help 73 4 0 open search clear Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Open menu open search clear 73 4 0 Subscribe now As low as 99¢ close menu Subscribe Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out close subnav open subnav Log Out Home News close subnav open subnav All News Breaking News 2016 Election Busin﻿ess Crime Booking Blotter Schools & Education Latest Videos Opinion Nation & World Mobile Alerts Email Newsletters Neighborhoods NEWS BLOGS Lights and Sirens Post on Politics Protecting Your Pocket Opinion Zone Real Time Malled! South Florida Retail Extra Credit Education West Palm Beat Eye on Palm Beach County All blogs MyPalmBeachPost close subnav open subnav All MyPalmBeachPost Local Community U.S. / World Politics Exclusives Sports Travel Food The Post's ePaper PREMIUM BLOGS Feast Palm Beach Post on Politics Real Time Frankly Florida Dave's Digital The Insider Weather close subnav open subnav All Weather Storm2016.com Interactive Radar Current Conditions Five-Day Forecast Follow Kim Weather+ App Storm2016.com Home Tropical Outlook Ocean Temps Tracking Map Life close subnav open subnav All Life Food & Dining Craft Beer Scene Ask Legal Experts Health Ask Health Experts Travel Notables Pets Offbeat Technology TAKE A BREAK Notables Games TV Listings CUSTOMER SERVICE Place an Announcement Place an Obituary Sports close subnav open subnav All Sports Sports Videos Scores & Schedules High Schools Dolphins Heat Recruiting Gators Seminoles Hurricanes Golf SPORTS BLOGS Read the Daily Dolphin Heat Zone High School Buzz Canes Watch Gator Bytes FAU Focus From the Bunker Seminole Post Youth Sports Daily All blogs Things To Do close subnav open subnav All Things To Do Search Events Movie Showtimes Add an Event Latest Videos Dining TV Craft Beer Scene THINGS TO DO BLOGS Feast Palm Beach Featured The Pop File S. Florida Super Fun Team MORE Pets Travel More close subnav open subnav All More Classifieds Real Estate Jobs Autos Public Notices Historic Archive: 1916 -  Text Archive: 1989 -  Shopping My Local Home Design Ideas Palm Beach Post ePaper SERVICES Place a Celebration Obituary Notice Place a Classified Ad Digital Products Archives Newspapers in Education Ideabar Digital Marketing Reprints / Licensing Gallery Palm Beach 73 4 West Palm Beach, FL  33401 0 Traffic Conditions Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index Visitor Agreement Privacy Policy Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Shortcuts Obituaries Newsletters Place a Classified Ad Subscribe Customer Care Real Estate Jobs Autos Contact Us Advertising Digital Products Explore these products PalmBeachPost.com MyPalmBeachPost.com Palm Beach Post ePaper PalmBeachDailyNews.com Subscribe now As low as 99¢ Log in Log in to Manage your Profile and Account Create your account Receive up-to-date newsletters Set up text alerts Sign up and manage subscriptions Log In Log Out Police accuse 2 of helping fugitive before officer's killing 0 Police accuse 2 of helping fugitive before officer's killing 0 MIKE SCHNEIDER TERRANCE HARRIS Associated Press 3:24 a.m. Wednesday, Jan. 11, 2017 National news 0 News View CaptionHide Caption Candles and TV lights illuminate the crowd during a vigil at Wal-Mart store where an Orlando police sergeant was killed Monday and for an Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy killed during a manhunt of the suspect, in Orlando, Fla., Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) ORLANDO, Fla. Police leading a massive manhunt for the suspected killer of an Orlando officer on Wednesday collected hundreds of tips and announced the arrests of two people who allegedly aided the fugitive, promising to reward anyone who turns him in, and punish anyone who helps him hide. Court records show that Markeith Loyd's niece, 27-year-old Lakensha Smith-Loyd, was arrested on an accessory charge Wednesday, a day after the fugitive's supervisor at a fried chicken restaurant, Zarghee Mayan, was arrested on the same charge. Mayan's arrest affidavit said Smith-Loyd collected money from him to give to her uncle in the days after the slaying of his ex-girlfriend in mid-December. Smith-Loyd's affidavit says she contacted deputies after the ex-girlfriend's murder and promised to help them find her uncle if they first told her whether a firearm had been recovered from the murder scene. Then she stopped cooperating even as she contacted others on her uncle's behalf, the affidavit said. Mayan is accused of supplying restaurant food to his former co-worker, driving him around and offering him money, despite knowing he was wanted in the slaying his pregnant ex-girlfriend, the affidavit said. "Mayan did so with the intent that Markeith Demangzlo Loyd avoid or escape detection, arrest, trial or punishment," the arrest affidavit said. Mayan told authorities his most recent encounter with Loyd was last Saturday, two days before Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot in a Wal-Mart parking lot. Mayan said he noticed that Loyd was armed and wearing body armor when they embraced, according to his arrest affidavit. During another encounter, right after Loyd's ex-girlfriend was killed in mid-December, Mayan said Loyd came into the restaurant with a gun, pointed at Mayan and said, "'Drive me or I will kill you, I just did something real bad,'" the affidavit said. Mayan said he drove Loyd to several locations, including the home of Loyd's estranged wife, where Loyd told him to knock on the door. Mayan said he only walked to the door without knocking because he was afraid Lloyd would shoot her, according to the affidavit, which noted that Mayan told conflicting stories about his encounters with Loyd. The 41-year-old ex-convict has been the focus of a massive manhunt involving hundreds of officers and deputies since Monday's shooting. More than 500 tips have come in from the public, which authorities believe may be particularly important, since others may be helping him hide. "If you know where he is at and you call us 3 o'clock in the morning, 3 o'clock in the afternoon, we will have people prepared to dispatch and go capture him," said Barb Bergin, executive director of the local Crimeline. Orlando Police Chief John Mina, meanwhile has warned that anyone helping Loyd "will be put behind bars and brought to justice as well." Mayan, 33, was arrested Tuesday by Orange County Sheriff's Office deputies on a charge of accessory after the fact. Jail records show no bond had been set, and court records showed no name of a defense attorney listed for him. Mina said federal, state and local authorities were taking part in the manhunt. Mina wouldn't give details about search tactics but he said law enforcement agencies in Florida and around the nation are on alert. "There are many things going on behind the scenes that our community is not aware of and that we are not at liberty to discuss," Mina said. After Clayton was shot, many of her colleagues immediately joined the pursuit; among them was a sheriff's Deputy First Class Norman Lewis, who died when he was thrown from his motorcycle in an accident. Funerals were planned for Lewis for Friday and Clayton for Saturday. View Comments 0 Most Read Palm Beach County mugshots: Arrest photos from Palm Beach County Woman having ‘bad day’ drives SUV into T-Mobile store Mother charged after baby dies on changing table Things To Do Add Event + See More Weather and Traffic 73 33401 1 0 Most Read Palm Beach County mugshots: Arrest photos from Palm Beach County Woman having ‘bad day’ drives SUV into T-Mobile store Mother charged after baby dies on changing table Things To Do Add Event + See More More from palmbeachpost.com Topics News Sports Life Burt Reynolds to auction replica 'Smokey and the Bandit' Trans-Am Crime JUST IN: Burglary suspect crashes during pursuit, injuring three News Trump cancels MLK Day visit to National African American Museum News John Lewis on Donald Trump: 'Almost impossible for me to work with him' News Teen abducted at birth shares song about alleged kidnapper News Man reels in massive 800-pound bluefin tuna Follow us: Facebook Twitter Top Full Site Index Visitor Agreement Privacy Policy Contact Us ©2017 Cox Media Group Close SECTIONS NEWS SPORTS LIFE NEIGHBORHOODS CLASSIFIEDS THINGS TO DO VIDEOS PARTNERS FIND N SAVE KUDZU AUTOTRADER VALPAK PALM BEACH DAILY NEWS IDEABAR DIGITAL SERVICES SHORTCUTS OBITUARIES PLACE A CLASSIFIED AD CONTACT US CLASSIFIEDS REAL ESTATE JOBS AUTOS ADVERTISE WITH US PLACE AN ANNOUNCEMENT DIGITAL PRODUCTS CUSTOMER CARE SUBSCRIBE FUN GAMES FOLLOW US MOBILE ALERTS NEWSLETTERS FACEBOOK TWITTER INSTAGRAM YOUTUBE PINTEREST UTILITIES ARCHIVES MEMBER CENTER WEATHER TRAFFIC MAP PUBLIC NOTICES GALLERY PALM BEACH NEWSPAPERS IN EDUCATION REPRINTS / LICENSING INTERNSHIPS PRODUCTS PalmBeachPost.com - Get Palm Beach County's News Now myPalmBeachPost - Explore Exclusive Digital Extras and More ePaper - Read Today's Paper The Palm Beach Post - Real News Starts HereSubscribe Follow Us Facebook Twitter © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
RecomN - Local Services| About Us| E-Paper| Search| MOBILE KLIK UNTUK PROJEKMMO 点击M中文网 Facebook Twitter RSS Last updated Monday, January 16, 2017 10:32 am GMT+8 Kuala Lumpur 26°C, Rain MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Money US companies have new business risk — being called ‘anti-American’ by Trump Wednesday January 11, 2017 11:32 AM GMT+8 ICYMI The Edit: E-waste rising dangerously in Asia The Edit: Where to enjoy modern British art The Edit: Check out VietJet’s ‘gold’ giveaway The Edit: FB to filter fake news in Germany Advertisement More stories                Tools Increase Text Decrease Text Reset Text Print Article T-shirts made in the USA for sale at the Walmart Supercenter in Bentonville, Arkansas June 5, 2014. — Reuters picNEW YORK, Jan 11 — Some US companies are reviewing potential mergers while others are rethinking job cuts or looking at their manufacturing operations in China for fear of being cast as "anti-American" by President-elect Donald Trump, according to Wall Street bankers, company executives and crisis management consultants. Having seen some of America's largest companies, including General Motors Co, Lockheed Martin Corp and United Technologies Corp, bluntly and publicly rebuked by Trump on Twitter, many others are worried they may be his next target — especially if they have significant overseas manufacturing, have had US job cuts or price increases for consumers. “Any business that leaves our country for another country, fires its employees, builds a new factory or plant in the other country, and then thinks it will sell its product back into the US without retribution or consequence is WRONG!” Trump, who assumes office on Jan 20, tweeted in December. Trump campaigned on an “America First”" anti-globalisation platform that promised the return of thousands of US manufacturing jobs to economically depressed areas. That nationalist rhetoric and Trump's willingness to use his Twitter account as a cudgel has so rattled some companies that they are putting on hold mergers and acquisitions that may involve significant job cuts or moving production or tax domicile abroad, out of fear that such deals could be seen as “unpatriotic,” several top Wall Street bankers said. Bermuda-based White Mountains Insurance Group Ltd had been in talks to sell itself in a transaction that would have been structured as an inversion — where a US-based buyer would move its tax domicile overseas. However, the deal fell apart after the November election partly because potential buyers worried that leaving the US tax home would be seen as “anti-American,” three people with knowledge of the matter said. Potential buyers also found the target less attractive because of the likelihood of lower US corporate taxes under the Trump administration, the people said. Representatives of the US$3.8 billion (RM16.99 billion) company declined to comment. At least two other insurance deals have also fallen apart since the election for similar reasons, said the people, who declined to elaborate and asked not to be named because the matter is not public. Trump's aggressive anti-China rhetoric has also given some companies pause. James Park, chief executive of wearable fitness device maker Fitbit Inc, said he expects all companies that have significant manufacturing operations in China, including his own firm, to prepare contingency plans. Trump has threatened to hit China and Mexico with high tariffs and named vocal China critic Peter Navarro to lead a new White House office overseeing US trade policy. “Whether it’s taking higher costs into account or operationally preparing for moving manufacturing (out of China), companies are thinking about what to do,” Park said in an interview. Watching Trump's tweets Companies are also beefing up their Twitter monitoring for any Trump tweets that could affect them and engaging public relations firms for advice on potential lines of attack and how to respond if they were to come, several US chief executives as well as half a dozen corporate advisers told Reuters. “Back in December the board was already asking questions: 'What’s the plan in terms of what happens if he comes after us, are we ready? The board is asking us if we have a PR firm at the ready, if we have a person monitoring his Twitter,” said a top executive at a large US defence contractor. “Our plan is to not get into a fight, and concede immediately. The reality is that we're trying to stay below the radar,” the executive said, asking not to be named because of the sensitivity of the issue. Since his election in November, Trump has ramped up criticism of companies from Ford Motor Co, Toyota Motor Corp and GM, to United Tech and Rexnord Corp over manufacturing in Mexico for US consumers or moving US jobs abroad. Trump also slammed Lockheed Martin and Boeing Co for what he called "out of control" costs on their weapons programmes. Both Lockheed and Boeing have said they will work to drive down costs of the programmes, while Ford scrapped plans to build a US$1.6 billion plant in Mexico, and United Tech's Carrier unit is keeping half of the 2,100 US jobs it was to shift to Mexico. Government relations and public relations advisers say they have received a number of calls from companies wanting help in assessing if they have any red flags that could draw Trump's ire. Advisers say these potentially include outsourcing of manufacturing, consumer price increases and lower tax rates than peer companies. “We have literally had about a dozen clients ask us how they should be thinking about this in the last few weeks,” said George Sard, chairman and CEO of strategic communications firm Sard Verbinnen & Co, adding that he is seeing concern from companies in a wide range of industries. “The week after the election it was non-stop meetings and conference calls and analysis,” said Kent Jarrell, crisis and litigation communication expert at APCO Worldwide. “It's almost like a whole new Trump practice is developing.” Corporate leaders, say the advisers, can no longer focus only on maximising shareholder value; they must now also weigh national interest. “CEOs are talking to their boards saying we've got to be viewed pro-America. If something is more on the margin — like layoffs, or moving manufacturing, then they are not going to do it,” said one Fortune 500 CEO, who said he had spoken with other US companies. Taking a page from Trump playbook Sard, of Sard Verbinnen & Co, said that while companies are well advised not to get into a Twitter war with Trump, his firm is advising clients to “learn from his playbook” and be prepared to communicate directly with shareholders, employees, and customers through blogs and social media. There is already evidence that companies are quickly adjusting to the new Trump era. Firms have been more vocal in publicising job creation and they have sometimes let Trump claim credit. Fiat Chrysler Automobiles, the No. 3 automaker in the United States, announced plans on Sunday to create 2,000 US jobs. The timing was partly influenced by CEO Sergio Marchionne's desire to get the news out ahead of any possible criticism from Trump for the automaker's overseas manufacturing, a person familiar with the company's thinking said. Trump has in the past few weeks attacked FCA's two Detroit rivals, as well as Japan-based Toyota, for their manufacturing operations in Mexico and threatened to impose stiff border taxes on any imports. In December, SoftBank Group Corp, majority owner of Sprint Corp, unveiled a US$50 billion US investment at the Trump Tower in Manhattan. Trump and SoftBank head Masayoshi Son made the announcement together, and Trump later tweeted: “He would never do this had we (Trump) not won the election!” “You never want to be against the president — especially not one as vocal as (Trump),” the Fortune 500 CEO said. Trump on Twitter: http://tmsnrt.rs/2jf8zG8 — Reuters                MORE ON MMOTV Most Viewed Now Week World’s eight richest as wealthy as half of humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay set for overhaul Not enough investment in green energy, firm finds Sterling plunges after Britain hints at ‘hard Brexit’ Bet on ringgit, EM currencies to rebound, Allianz chief economist says China’s central bank launches spot investigation on bitcoin exchanges Ringgit likely to improve 4.40 against US dollar next week Cardholders need to start using pin to resolve teething problems Malaysia to consider more steps to stabilise ringgit if needed Most Watched Now Week Reuters Video: ‘Hidden Figures’ tops box office Reuters Video: Turkey and Russia to invite US to Syria talks, Turkish minister says Reuters Video: Chinese president arrives in Switzerland on state visit 'Baywatch' international trailer brings back the sexy Reuters Video: Ben Affleck and Sienna Miller on 'Live by Night' sex scenes Reuters Video: Up to 16 people arrested over Kardashian robbery Related Articles Advertisement MMO Instagram Tweets by @themmailonline Tweets by @themmailonline MMOTV News Malaysia World Money Life Showbiz Opinion Sports Eat/Drink Travel Read Tech/Gadgets Drive Gallery Copyright © 2017 Malay Mail Online About Us | Contact Us | Policies | Search | Archive | E-Paper | Mobile | ProjekMMO | RecomN - Local Services
News Florida News Orlando police killer reward raised to $100,000; suspect still on run Caption Family, friends, and community celebrate the life of Debra Clayton Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Caption Family, friends, and community celebrate the life of Debra Clayton Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Caption Man arrested on charges of aiding suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. Caption First appearance of Jameis Slaughter and Lakensha Smith-Loyd Loyd's niece Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend Jameis Slaughter are each facing a charge of accessory to first-degree murder, records show. Loyd's niece Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend Jameis Slaughter are each facing a charge of accessory to first-degree murder, records show. Caption Niece of Markeith Loyd arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Lakensha Loyd, niece of Markeith Loyd. was arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Lakensha Loyd, niece of Markeith Loyd. was arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Caption Orlando mourns slain officers in candlelight vigil Bishop Kelvin Cobaris and Orlando commissioner Regina Hill lead a vigil  to honor the Orlando Police officer killed by an assailant at a Pine Hills Walmart, and an Orange deputy who was killed while responding to the OPD fatality, Tuesday, January 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Bishop Kelvin Cobaris and Orlando commissioner Regina Hill lead a vigil  to honor the Orlando Police officer killed by an assailant at a Pine Hills Walmart, and an Orange deputy who was killed while responding to the OPD fatality, Tuesday, January 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) By Stephanie Allen Staff Writer Suspect in cop killing remains elusive; funerals for victims planned. Privacy Policy The suspect in the fatal shooting of Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton remains elusive, even as hundreds of tips have come in and law enforcement from local, state and federal agencies work nonstop to find him. Officials are hoping a reward of $100,000 — increased from $60,000 on Monday — will be enough of a lure to help them capture Markeith Loyd, a felon who is accused of killing Clayton on Monday outside a Wal-Mart on Princeton Street at John Young Parkway. "We'll get him," Orlando Police Chief John Mina said Tuesday. "It's only a matter of time." PICTURE GALLERY: An Orlando police officer was shot on Princeton Street, just west of John Young Parkway. An Orange County deputy died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for the suspect. At a news conference with Mina and Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings on Tuesday, Barb Bergin, the executive director of Crimeline, wanted to make one thing clear: If you provide information, you will not be identified, and anonymous callers are still eligible for the reward. "Please understand, when we say anonymous, they are truly anonymous," Bergin said. "We will not identify you. We just need to know where he's at so that no one else is hurt." More than 300 tips have come in since the Monday morning shooting, Bergin said. In a typical month, the crime line usually gets 1,000. Two tips led law-enforcement officers and SWAT members to south Lake County on Tuesday. Markeith Loyd's Facebook Live video talks about killing cops David Harris Broadcast on Facebook Live on Nov. 4, Sade Dixon and Markeith Loyd sat in their car during a traffic stop when the conversation turned to killing cops and to his driving. "Go ahead and kill him, babe, so we can get home faster," Dixon said, apparently joking about the officer. "Then we ain't never... Broadcast on Facebook Live on Nov. 4, Sade Dixon and Markeith Loyd sat in their car during a traffic stop when the conversation turned to killing cops and to his driving. "Go ahead and kill him, babe, so we can get home faster," Dixon said, apparently joking about the officer. "Then we ain't never... (David Harris) Orange County sheriff's deputies and SWAT members conducted a knock-and-talk early Tuesday at a residence in the Tradd's Landing neighborhood on U.S. 27, south of Clermont. The woman at the residence consented to a full search of her property with SWAT. Loyd was not there. "The neighborhood [was] saturated with undercover officers" for several hours, said Lt. John Herrell, a spokesman for the Sheriff's office. On Tuesday evening, law enforcement searched a house in the Groveland area, just west of Clermont, with that owner's consent. Again, there was no sign of Loyd. Funerals are being planned for Clayton and Orange County Sheriff's Deputy Norman Lewis, who died in a crash just two hours after Clayton was shot while he was responding to the incident. Orlando Police Department officer killed in line of duty A flag-covered coffin being loaded into the back of a van at Orlando Regional Medical Center. Courtesy @orlandopolice.   A flag-covered coffin being loaded into the back of a van at Orlando Regional Medical Center. Courtesy @orlandopolice.   See more videos The funeral for Lewis, 35, an 11-year-veteran, is 11 a.m. Friday at First Baptist Church of Orlando. Clayton's funeral service is at 2 p.m. Saturday at the same church. A GoFundMe page has been set up for Clayton's family, police confirmed. By Tuesday evening, the fund had raised more than $20,000. Authorities have been searching for Loyd, 41, since Dec. 13, when his pregnant ex-girlfriend, 24-year-old Sade Dixon, was shot and killed on her doorstep. Loyd also is accused of shooting and injuring Dixon's brother when he ran to help her. "There have been times when we just missed him," Demings said. Deputy Norman Lewis: Ex-UCF football player killed in Orlando manhunt Shannon Green Even before the identity of the fallen Orlando deputy sheriff was made public, Doug Gabriel instinctively knew it was his close friend and former UCF football teammate Norman Lewis. "Getting word that the officer that was hit was a big, gentle giant ... the only big, gentle giant officer we knew... Even before the identity of the fallen Orlando deputy sheriff was made public, Doug Gabriel instinctively knew it was his close friend and former UCF football teammate Norman Lewis. "Getting word that the officer that was hit was a big, gentle giant ... the only big, gentle giant officer we knew... (Shannon Green) In a Facebook Live video posted on Loyd's page on Nov. 4 — a little more than a month before Dixon was shot and killed — Loyd and Dixon talk about killing cops during a traffic stop. "Go ahead and kill him, babe, so we can get home faster," Dixon said. On Monday, Clayton was in Wal-Mart about 7:15 a.m. when a shopper flagged her down and told her Loyd was in the store. Clayton, 42, called for backup to the store and then spotted Loyd. She started chasing him and yelled for him to "stop," but instead, the felon opened fire, Mina said. Slain Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was 'an angel,' friend says David Harris Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton didn't have to stay at her friend's house for two days to take care of her after surgery. She was not expected to spend countless hours volunteering with kids in the "dragon boat" program or at community forums calling for an end to the violence. The 17-year... Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton didn't have to stay at her friend's house for two days to take care of her after surgery. She was not expected to spend countless hours volunteering with kids in the "dragon boat" program or at community forums calling for an end to the violence. The 17-year... (David Harris) On Tuesday afternoon, Mina said Clayton did the right thing. "This whole incident happened within seconds," Mina said. "I think she's a hero. She did a phenomenal job. I wouldn't have done anything differently myself." Loyd fled after the shooting but was soon spotted by an Orange County sheriff's deputy near Pine Hills Road and North Lane, officials said. Loyd fired at least once at the deputy, striking his cruiser, and then carjacked a woman and sped away, according to police. He eventually ditched the car at an apartment complex off Cinderlane Parkway in the Rosemont area of Orlando. That complex, where police focused their search efforts most of Monday, was mostly quiet and empty Tuesday afternoon. Maintenance crews were seen repairing boarded-up doors and windows that had been damaged by a SWAT team. An armed security guard was thwarting media attempts to get on the property. Manhunt continues for suspected police killer Markeith Loyd The manhunt continues Wednesday for suspected police killer Markeith Loyd. The manhunt continues Wednesday for suspected police killer Markeith Loyd. See more videos One resident, who only wanted to be identified as Mike, sat in the doorway of his first-floor apartment saying he needed to air it out because police used tear gas after forcing their way inside. He said he left home Monday shortly after the SWAT team descend on the complex and came back hours later to find his door was one of more than a handful that had been boarded up. The frame was busted and Orlando fire crews were called to his unit Tuesday morning after the gas smell made a maintenance man dizzy. Mike said he never gave police permission to go inside -- or break his door -- but found a copy of a search warrant inside that mentioned Loyd was seen walking past the door. "I don't know where this cat is," Mike said. "I just want my house fixed back up." Detectives also are looking for people who have helped Loyd elude law enforcement and they're "fairly certain" they've identified a few, Demings said. As the search for Loyd continues, Mina said that if anyone sees a large police presence, they should avoid it. He would not say what areas officers are focusing on or if investigators think Loyd is still in Central Florida. "We want the community to know it's safe to go about their day-to-day activities," Mina said at the news conference. Ryan Gillespie, David Harris, Jason Ruiter and Kate Santich contributed to this report. sallen@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5417 Copyright © 2017, Sun Sentinel Crime Homicide Markeith Loyd Debra Clayton Orange County Reward for Markeith Loyd raised to $100,000 Markeith Loyd Ex-boyfriend sought in shooting death of pregnant woman All Sections News Sports Broward Palm Beach Entertainment Classified Obituaries 73°
Home Explore Craig Contests Classifieds Extra Extra eEdition Your Health Print Subscription Apps Sign in Register Craig Daily Press Jump to content 21° Overcast Hi 32° Lo 9° Home News Local news Your Health Weather Schools and education Agriculture Business Election On the record Faith Obituaries Births Weddings Extra! Extra! Sports Opinion Letters to the editor Columns Submit a letter Discussions Video & Photography Photo Galleries Current Videos Archived Videos Submit a photo Community Submit Anniversary Birth Engagement Letter to Editor News story suggestion Obituary Photos Press release Wedding Classified ad Request Magazines Breaking news alerts E-edition Public notices On the record for Jan. 11: Officers field question about dog pooping on balcony By Craig Daily Press Staff Report Tuesday, January 10, 2017 Share this Email, Facebook, Twitter Discuss 3 comments Advertisement Craig Police Department Craig  Friday, Jan. 6 At Yampa Avenue and East Victory Way, officers responded to a report of a utility incident. The traffic lights were out due to a power outage. On the 300 block of Birch Street, officers responded to a non-injury traffic accident. A vehicle backed into a parked vehicle resulting in minor damage. At Yampa Valley Bank, officers responded to a report of fraud. A person deposited a bad check. At Walmart, officers responded to a report of theft. A cashier had allegedly been taking money both from customers as well as the cash register. The person was issued a city summons for theft of more than $50 and less than $300. At an undisclosed location, officers responded to a report of a missing child. A parent had dropped the child off at Craig Middle School and later couldn’t get a hold of him. The child returned home less than an hour after the report was made. On the 400 block of East Fourth Street, officers responded to a report of a utility incident. Water was reportedly leaking into the electrical system of a home and the hot water heater was flooding the house. The person was advised to contact the landlord. Saturday, Jan. 7 On the 700 block of Yampa Avenue, officers responded to an animal complaint. A resident reported that a deer had crawled underneath their trampoline the night before and died. Officers removed the deer. At West Victory Way and Steele Street, officers responded to a non-injury vehicle accident between a Subaru and a Toyota 4Runner. On the 300 block of Woodbury Drive, officers took a report of a water break inside a home. The resident requested the water be shut off from the street and the city water department responded. Sunday, Jan. 8 On the 1100 block of West Sixth Street, officers took a report of a utility incident. Two apartments were flooding, a third one was starting to flood, and the reporting party didn’t know where the main shutoff was for the building. The city water department responded. On the 600 block of Rose Street, officers responded to a report of a hit and run crash. Someone reported a vehicle ran into their fence and broke it. Tracks were visible but the driver has not been found. In the Moffat County High School parking lot, officers responded to a traffic complaint. Two vehicles driven by teenagers were doing donuts in the parking lot and almost hit the reporting party, to which they allegedly responded by laughing. The kids were found at Woodbury Park doing cookies in the parking lot and were warned and sent on their way. Monday, Jan. 9 On the 2100 block of Crockett Drive, officers took a report of a suspicious incident. A party called in and advised that their new neighbors had stopped their 12-year-old son to ask him if he would walk their children home from school. Officers advised the reporting party to talk to their neighbor. On the 900 block of Lincoln Street, officers responded to a non-injury single vehicle accident. At East Eighth Street and Rose Street, officers initiated a traffic stop for a signal violation. A canine search led to the arrest of a male party for possession of illegal drugs and drug paraphernalia. On the 600 block of Russell Street, officers responded to a report of harassment. A party called to complain that they were being harassed and threatened via text and phone. Both parties were warned. On the 600 block of Wickes Avenue, officers responded to an animal complaint. The reporting party called in wondering if there’s any code against letting a dog defecate on the balcony of an apartment. Code enforcement responded and advised that there is no specific code that prohibits such a thing, however officers advised he check his apartment rules and regulations. At Victory Way and Mack Lane, officers responded to a report that someone was seen driving that doesn’t have a license. Officers later located the vehicle, which was parked. On the 2300 block of Conner Drive, officers responded to a report of a hit and run crash. A mailbox was knocked over and the reporting party believed the road crew may have accidentally hit it while plowing snow. The matter was referred to Road and Bridge. On the 3400 block of Riford Court, officers responded to a report of shots fired. It turned out to be fireworks. At Walmart, officers responded to a report of a theft. A citizen reported that two individuals were possibly stealing things from Walmart. Officers investigated and didn’t find enough evidence to press charges but issued a trespass prohibiting the individuals from entering Walmart. On Green Street, officers responded to a family disturbance between a mother and her 11-year-old son, who was trying to run off. The crisis team responded with a verbal discussion to resolve the dispute. On the 1100 block of West Victory Way, officers responded to a report of a suspicious incident. People were parking under the awning of the now-vacant Kmart building. Officers contacted them and asked them not to park there. On the 900 block of Alta Vista Drive, officers responded to a report of a suspicious incident. The reporting party found tracks in the snow leading up to their snow machine trailer and thought someone may have been trying to steal something. Officers checked the tracks and found they were actually deer or rabbit tracks. Moffat County Jail Tuesday, Jan. 3 Victoria Ann Garduno, 41, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold. James Merle Madsen, 39, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail by court order for alleged theft between $750 and $2,000. Anthony Joseph Manning, 51, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold. Jessica Michelle Marshall, 25, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold. No booking sheets for Wednesday, Jan. 4 Thursday, Jan. 5 Jacob Thomas Holz, 24, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold for charges of alleged theft between $50 and $300. Gabriel Ryan King, 34, of Craig, was arrested for allegedly driving under restraint. No booking sheets for Friday, Jan. 6 No booking sheets for Saturday, Jan. 7 Sunday, Jan. 8 Nicholas Joseph Mangione, 30, of Steamboat Springs, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold. Monday, Jan. 9 Michael Wayne Warren II, 42, of Craig, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold. Robert Joseph Bevard, 22, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold. Julie Yvonne Eytcheson, 35, of Steamboat Springs, was booked into Moffat County Jail on a courtesy hold. More like this story On the record for Moffat County jail Jan. 16 On the record for Moffat County Jail for Jan. 9 On the record On the record for Moffat County jail Jan. 17 On the record for Dec. 14 Comments David Moore 5 days, 2 hours ago 3 calls for leaking water, which would be the landlords or homeowners responsibility. Why are people calling the POLICE for leaking water? Upvote 0 Post reply Please Login and/or Verify your account to reply Sign in to suggest removal Mark Jacobson 4 days, 11 hours ago There was also the people who called the cops because they couldn't get out of their driveways last week. Next thing you know it'll be that lightning struck their tree, call the cops! Upvote 0 Post reply Please Login and/or Verify your account to reply Sign in to suggest removal David Moore 4 days, 8 hours ago Probably. Wasting police resource for "bears in the trash" ( Steamboat Pilot), "leaking pipes", and "I'm stuck and can't get out" should be a reason for a ticket and a fine. Maybe we could recoup some revenue by charging people for wasting the cops time. Great for a good laugh though. Upvote 0 Post reply Please Login and/or Verify your account to reply Sign in to suggest removal Requires free registration Posting comments requires a free account and verification. Username I have an account. I'm new. Password Forgot? Sign in Password Confirm password Email 
           Sign up Connect with OpenID Or login with: Connect to Facebook Connect to Twitter Google OpenID Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Tweets from https://twitter.com/craigdailypress/moffat-county Popular stories Broadband top priority for Hickenlooper; Moffat County completes broadband report 1 comment On the record for Jan. 11: Officers field question about dog pooping on balcony 3 comments Lance Scranton: Chinook winds to change course 2 comments U.S. Rep. Scott Tipton: Setting the stage for 2017 1 comment Lance Scranton: Want to be seen in 2017? 2 comments Lance Scranton: A newspaper’s value 2 comments Lance Scranton: The next four years 2 comments Danielle Elkins: Trump offers hope in battling opioid epidemic in US 1 comment County will keep plowing trailhead at Wilderness Ranch 2 comments New building to host Ager Enterprises in Craig 1 comment Advertisement Craig Daily Press News archives / About / Contact / Terms of Use / Privacy Policy / Staff / Public notices ExploreCraig.com Add your business / Feedback / Contact Craighomefinder.com Craig Real Estate Services Advertising / Order a magazine Submit News / Photos / Engagement / Wedding / Anniversary / Obituary / Birth / Letter to the Editor / Press release Contents of this site are © Copyright 2017 Craig Daily Press. All rights reserved.
WHBQ Memphis LIVE http://www.fox13memphis.com/cmg-main-theme/css WHBQ Memphis SIGN IN REGISTER MEMBER CENTER SIGN OUT SIGN IN Sign in using your whbq profile Need a profile? Register now. {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} Remember Me Forgot password? {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} OR Sign in using you account with: {* loginWidget *} Sign Up / Sign In Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign Up / Sign In Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /userInformationForm *} Use another account You're Almost Done! Please confirm the information below before signing in. {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} *Indicates Required Field {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} REGISTER Already have an account? Sign In * Required fields {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_postalZip *} By submitting your registration information, you agree to our Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Why are we asking this? We collect zip code so that we may deliver news, weather, special offers and other content related to your specific geographic area. Thank you for registering! We have sent a confirmation email to {* data_emailAddress *}. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you on [website] frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Click here to return to the page you were visiting. Reset your password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Thanks for verifying your email address Edit your profile Resend Email Verification Sorry we could not verify that email address. Enter your email below and we'll send you another email. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Resend Email Verification Click submit to receive another verification email {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* submitButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a verification link Close Live 7249941 Home 7249947 Weather FOX13 Radar 7 Day Forecast Hour by Hour Video Forecast Accuweather FOX13 Weather App 7249989 News Politics Election results News Videos Zika Virus MLK in Memphis Recalls 230989619 Family Focus Holiday guide Back to School 7250109 Traffic 8435464 Investigates Crime/Most Wanted Submit a tip Missing Children 7250151 Sports Memphis Tigers Memphis Grizzlies Tennessee Titans High School Football 7250313 Video FOX13 Video Forecast 7250361 Watch Live News and Replay Live Breaking News 7250265 About Us FOX13 News Staff Contests What's on FOX13 Get Social Cox Careers Advertise with FOX13 Contact Us Newsletters Sign Up More Breaking News FOX13 Newsletter Sign Up Delivered To Your Inbox Newsletter: Sign Up Please Wait Thank You for Subscribing! Your newsletters will be arriving soon. FBI adds accused gunman in Orlando officer's death to most wanted list; $100K reward offered by: WFTV.com Updated: Jan 10, 2017 - 3:24 PM Twtter Law enforcement has raised the reward to $100,000 for information leading to the arrest of Markeith Loyd. >> Read more trending stories A massive manhunt for Loyd continued Tuesday, a day after an Orlando police master sergeant was shot and killed. Loyd, 41, is considered armed and dangerous.    REWARD INCREASE: There is now a $100k reward for Markeith Loyd: https://t.co/nazJUX2hry More details on #WFTVat4 pic.twitter.com/rwxHeMqDzt — WFTV Eyewitness News (@WFTV) January 10, 2017   “Any time a person guns down a law enforcement officer in broad daylight, we are going to use all resources available,“ Orlando police Chief John Mina said. Authorities said they have received many tips about Loyd's whereabouts. He is the prime suspect in the shooting death Monday of Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton outside a Pine Hills-area Walmart. Clayton, 42, died Monday morning at Orlando Regional Medical Center. Clayton's funeral will be held at the First Baptist Orlando at 3000 S John Young Parkway at 2 p.m. Saturday. "There are hundreds of officers and deputies working around the clock. There are teams of detectives assigned just to following up leads to catch Markeith Loyd. We will not stop until we find him," said Mina. WFTV.com "We are very, very optimistic that those leads will assist us today in locating (Loyd)," Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings said. "So we'll just have to see how that works out." Orlando Mayor Buddy Dyer declared Monday a day of mourning in memory of Clayton and senior Orange County Sheriff's Office motorcycle Deputy Norm Lewis, who died in a crash while searching for Loyd. “As in the past, I'd like to call on our entire community to stand united in support of all of the families of both the deceased and the injured. But as the sheriff and the chief have done, I am also calling on the community to provide any information that will lead to the capture of this violent criminal,” said Dyer.   Demings promised that justice would be served in Clayton and Lewis' deaths.  "We don't go home," he said. "We work 24/7, regardless of the circumstances."  Demings urged Loyd to turn himself in and warned the community to be vigilant.  Dozens of police vehicles had descended Monday on the area around the intersection of Pine Hills Road and North Lane, just south of Royal Oaks and Pineview apartments. "We have searched dozens of apartments and residences in an effort to find the suspect and bring him in. We have deployed numerous officers and detectives who specialize in looking for suspects who try and avoid capture. We are using every resource possible to find him and arrest him," Mina said. Mina said law enforcement believes that Loyd has been receiving help to stay hidden from officers.  “I am confident we will find him. I can tell you that it doesn’t matter where he is, we will track him down to the ends of the earth. Trust me on that,“ Mina said. Demings warned anyone who is helping Loyd, that they should "stand ready to be charged yourself." Aside from the legal consequences, individuals who help Loyd are putting themselves in serious danger, Demings said. "They are imperiling themselves, because he's a dangerous individual, and we certainly want to be able to peacefully take him into custody, but if we're not able to do that, you don't want to be anywhere around that," he said.  Clayton was outside the Walmart when she was approached by a shopper.  "The customer walked up to her and said that someone they were looking for, wanted, was in the store in the line to check out," a witness said said. "She went in there, I guess, to confront him. As she was going back to Walmart, he was coming out, and he shot her." An Orange County sheriff's deputy spotted Loyd at the intersection of North Lane and Pine Hills Drive and followed him to a nearby apartment complex, officials said.  The man shot at the deputy, hitting his unmarked SUV twice, and then carjacked a second vehicle and continued to flee, the Orange County Sheriff's Office said. He abandoned the vehicle near the intersection of Rosemont Avenue and Cinderlane Parkway and ran, deputies said.  Clayton, a mother and a 17-year veteran of the force, was carried out from ORMC Monday in a flag-draped coffin and was driven from the hospital, accompanied by a police escort. "We were certainly sad yesterday," Demings said Tuesday. "That was probably one of the saddest  moments that most of us will ever experience in our careers. But by the same token, because one of our loved ones was taken away so quickly yesterday, it helps to motivate us to get out today (and) to do our jobs." Loyd is a convicted felon and he has been arrested in Orange County 20 times since 1994, court records said. Authorities said Loyd was also wanted in connection with the shooting death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon. He has been on the run since Dec. 13, when Dixon, 24, was shot to death outside her home in the 6000 block of Long Peak Drive.  Dixon's brother, Ronald Steward, was also shot and critically injured when he tried to come to her aid, investigators said. © 2017 Cox Media Group. Twtter FBI adds accused gunman in Orlando officer's death to most wanted list;… Trump cancels MLK Day visit to National African American Museum John Lewis on Donald Trump: 'Almost impossible for me to work with him' USDA issues new rule to protect horses from abusive practice of ‘soring' Teen abducted at birth shares song about alleged kidnapper News Local News National/World News Video Traffic FOX13 Weather Weather Download the FOX13 Weather App Advertisers & Sponsors Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu About Us About FOX13 What's on FOX13 EEOC Statement FOX13 Public File © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. This station is part of Cox Media Group Television. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group.
More Sites Times News Legals Games Local Ads TV Listings INFO My Profile Subscribe Logout Law Enforcement Sections / Search Subscribe Info + Help Help Celebration Forms info Corrections FAQs Submit A News Tip Write a Letter to the Editor Info Advertise With Us Carrier Application Contact Us Deadlines and Policies Statewide Public Notices Subscribe Legal Comment Policy Copyright Information Privacy Policy Terms of Service More Jonesborough Herald & Tribune Kingsport Times-News Mountain City Tomahawk The Erwin Record Now Law Enforcement Home All Updates Quick Obituaries Arrested The Christmas Box Mountain Hops Local News Legal Notices Read the E-JCPress GO Tri MAIN |+ News Local Business Courts Education Health Care History Law Enforcement Nation Politics State Weather |+ Opinion Blog Column Editorial Letter to the Editor |+ Announcements Anniversary Community Engagement Obituary Wedding |+ Sports Baseball Basketball Football Golf Motorsports Softball Track & Field |+ Entertainment Art & Culture Fairs & Festivals GoTri Events Music |+ Lifestyle Cooking Faith Fashion Health & Fitness Hobbies & Interests Parenting Pets Seniors |+ Classifieds + More Autos Boats Classifieds Homes Jobs Rentals More Photos Videos Newsletter Signup Member Rewards Games & Puzzles Local Ads Special Sections Guns in America Reward raised to $100K for capture of accused in officer killing Associated Press • Jan 10, 2017 at 4:49 PM ORLANDO, Fla.  — Authorities raised to $100,000 the reward for information leading to the arrest of a man accused in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police sergeant on Tuesday as he eluded hundreds of officers on the second day of a massive manhunt. Authorities advised that arrest warrants were being prepared for people who may have helped 41-year-old Markeith Loyd evade deputies in the past month as they searched for him for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot Monday morning after she approached Loyd in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando. Many of her colleagues immediately joined the pursuit; among them was a sheriff’s deputy who died when he was thrown from his motorcycle in an accident. More than 300 tips from the public have been made, said Barb Bergin, executive director of Crimeline, the tip-line service which is offering the reward, originally set for $60,000. “We have never burned or harmed a tipster. They are kept anonymous,” Bergin said in a plea for more tips. “We will not identify you. We just need to know where he is so no one else is hurt.” Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputies in metro Orlando had been looking for Loyd since his ex-girlfriend was murdered last December. “Certainly it’s upsetting he was out and about and killed Debra Clayton, our first homicide in the city of Orlando this year, one of the officers protecting our community,” said Mina. Orlando Police confirmed that Clayton was one of the officers who responded to the shooting at Pulse nightclub in which 49 patrons were killed. Last June’s massacre in Orlando was the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Clayton, who was married and has a college-aged son, also was known for her mentoring of young people and her involvement in the community in which she had grown up. In the Wal-Mart parking lot Tuesday morning, shoppers laid more than two dozen bouquets of flowers, teddy bears and candles in a makeshift memorial. Some shoppers, like Hal Shore, stopped to say a prayer or take a photo. “It’s important that the country is aware that there is a war against police officers,” said Shore, a cabinet maker. An apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt Monday afternoon didn’t appear to have any police searches going on Tuesday morning. Some front doors were boarded up from being kicked in Monday because residents weren’t home when authorities came knocking. “I’m confident he is gone,” said Ida Seck, a resident who had worked with Clayton in her job as a security officer at Universal Orlando Resort. “For things like this to happen, yeah I’m scared for safety and my son’s safety but really there is nothing you can do.” Court documents show Loyd’s criminal record goes back two decades. He was arrested in 1996 on a murder charge that was later dropped. Loyd was arrested for battery on an officer in 1998 and sentenced to more than four years in prison. While behind bars, he pleaded guilty to cocaine possession from a prior case and was transferred to federal prison before being released in July 2014, according to federal records. An Orange County Sheriff’s Office deputy was killed more than two hours after Monday’s shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings described the 35-year-old Norman Lewis as “a gentle giant,” and the sheriff’s office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. Funerals were planned for Lewis for Friday and Clayton for Saturday. Recommended for You Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Get Email Newsletters Like Us On Facebook Follow Us On Twitter Add Us On Google+ RSS Feeds Most Commented Stories Johnson City Press Videos
Temp: 66° NEWS Seen On 13 Brevard Flagler Lake Marion Orange Osceola Seminole Sumter Volusia State National Health Space Español WEATHER StormTracker 13 Radar Weather Photos Forecast Marine Travel Sky 13 Cameras Tropical Hurricane Center Weather Experts Blog TRAFFIC Traffic News Gas Tracker Traffic Inbox Traffic Cams I-4 Ultimate SPORTS TV Schedule Scores & Schedules High School In the Community College Pro Outdoors Contact Sports Video ON THE TOWN Entertainment News Food and Dining Travel Attractions COMMUNITY Special Events Community Calendar Education Project Weather Everyday Hero Good News POLITICS Florida Decides Political Connections Inauguration D.C. Digest BUSINESS Your Job Your Transportation Technology Consumer Wise Economy Extra on the Web CES 2017 LOTTO VIDEO NEWS TRENDING: Ringling Bros. to close | Coverage on law enforcement deaths | Polk Co. house fire TAKE NEWS 13 WITH YOU: Get our news and weather on the road with the News 13+ app WATCH LIVE: Lewis' funeral, 2:30 p.m. Sunday Day 2: Hundreds searching for Markeith Loyd; reward at $100,000 By News 13 Team Coverage, Last Updated: Tuesday, January 10, 2017, 11:15 PM EST Video Stories Day 2: Authorities provide update on search for Markeith Loyd IN DEPTH: Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings ORLANDO --  The reward for information leading to the capture of Markeith Loyd has been raised to $100,000, authorities announced Tuesday — more than 24 hours after an Orlando Police officer was shot and killed outside of a Wal-Mart. Markeith Loyd accused of fatally shooting Master Sgt. Debra Clayton Reward raised to $100,000; Call Crimeline at 1-800-423-TIPS (8477) Funeral information, donation website for Clayton, Lewis [Jump to ▼] RELATED: INTERACTIVE TIMELINE: The search for an Orlando Police officer's killer [Jump to ▼] Day 1 coverage, photo gallery: Orlando officer dead, Orange deputy dies amid shooting manhunt Markeith Loyd Facebook post: 'Goals! To be on America's Most Wanted' Messages of hope shared at vigil to honor fallen law enforcement officers At a Tuesday afternoon news conference, Crimeline's Barb Bergin said the agency has received more than 300 tips since Monday. They average about 1,000 tips per month. "If you're listening or watching us right now, you need to pick the phone up because no one else ... should be hurt by this man," Bergin said. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings and Orlando Police Chief John Mina were also at the news conference. Demings said agencies are working together to get arrest warrants signed for people accused of helping Loyd avoid capture since December. Mina said authorities wouldn't discuss any details on where they think Loyd might be. "We want the community to know that it's safe to go about their day-to-day activities," Mina said, adding that anyone coming across law enforcement activity should avoid the area. Anyone with information on Loyd's location is asked to call Crimeline at 1-800-423-TIPS (8477). The reward for information is $100,000. Markeith Loyd is the suspect in the murder of Orlando, Florida Police M. SGT. Debra Clayton. Anyone w/info please call 1-800-423-TIPS. pic.twitter.com/PINV0Mgjqt — FBI Most Wanted (@FBIMostWanted) January 10, 2017 Meanwhile, the manhunt is centered at Brookside Apartments on Cinderlane Parkway in the Rosemont neighborhood of Orlando, where people and vehicles were being turned away. Orlando Police teams have searched hundreds of apartments at the complex, Mina said. SWAT team members are at the scene — News 13 will not reveal any of their tactical locations for their safety. Tim Arnold lives in the apartment complex and was told by authorities to remain inside. “About 8 o’clock in the morning, I opened my back blind and I saw every cop on Earth that couldn’t get in on Cinderlane Parkway with assault rifles,” Arnold said. “I've never seen so many assault rifles in my life, not even in Lethal Weapon movies.” Other residents were reassured by the law enforcement presence. “They were polite, they were very polite. And they just wanted to search the apartment, and they checked everything to make sure he wasn’t hiding in the area, but they didn’t find anything,” Loretha Chandler said. “I’m not afraid. I would sleep on my porch tonight if I wanted to. ... They were walking around here all night long. I’m not afraid,” Arnold said. Funeral information The funeral for Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis will be at 11 a.m. Friday, Jan. 13, at First Baptist Church of Orlando, 3000 S. John Young Parkway. There will also be a funeral service in Port Charlotte, which is Lewis' hometown. A day later, the funeral for Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton will be 2 p.m. Saturday, also at First Baptist Church of Orlando. An official GoFundMe page has been set up to help Clayton's family. (This Gofundme.com site is not managed by Bay News 9/News 13. For more information on how the site works and the rules visit http://www.gofundme.com/safety) Previous coverage Multiple law enforcement agencies are searching for Markeith Loyd, the man accused in the shooting death of Orlando Police officer Master Sgt. Debra Clayton on Monday. On Tuesday morning, Clayton's patrol vehicle was parked outside Orlando Police Department headquarters in her honor. Master Sergeant Debra Clayton's patrol vehicle will remain outside of OPD HQ for now. pic.twitter.com/bNR1BdBnqs — Orlando Police (@OrlandoPolice) January 10, 2017 A candlelight vigil was held for the law enforcement officers at the Wal-Mart on Princeton Street, where Clayton was fatally shot. It all started just after 7 a.m. Monday, when the 43-year-old Clayton tried to make contact with Loyd at the Wal-Mart when he allegedly shot her, police said. Clayton, a 17-year veteran with the Orlando Police Department, was able to return fire, but it is not thought that Loyd, 41, was hit. After the Wal-Mart shooting, Loyd was spotted in a vehicle on North Lane and Pine Hills Drive by a Sheriff's Office deputy. When Loyd pulled into the apartment complex, he allegedly shot at the deputy and also struck his unmarked Sheriff's Office vehicle twice, officials said. The deputy was not injured. &amp;amp;amp;nbsp; Clayton was not the only fatality Monday. Orange County Sheriff's Office motorcycle deputy Norman Lewis was involved in a crash with a minivan on Balboa Drive and Pine Hills Road while he was involved with the manhunt. The minivan's driver pulled into the path of 35-year-old Lewis' motorcycle, according to troopers. Lewis was taken to Orlando Regional Medical Center in critical condition, officials said, where he died. Charges are pending against 78-year-old Billie Jarrard, the minivan's driver, Florida Highway Patrol Sgt. Kim Montes said. On Tuesday, there were flowers at the intersection where Lewis lost his life. The manhunt caused more than two dozen public and private schools to be placed on lockdown during the search for Loyd, who is also accused in the December shooting death of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, Sade Dixon, 24. According to investigators, Dixon was three months' pregnant, broken up with Loyd and living with her parents when Loyd came to the family's front door late Dec. 13. That’s when police say he shot and killed Dixon and turned the gun on her 26-year-old brother, Ronald Stewart, who was trying to help her. Stewart's family said Tuesday that he is still hospitalized after being shot five times in almost every limb and the chest. Officials describe Loyd as armed and dangerous and warned the public not to approach him but to call 911 immediately. Latest News: Orange County Deputies investigate house in Apopka Funeral held for Orange County Deputy Norman Lewis Investigation ongoing after pedestrian death Funeral held for Orlando Police Lt. Debra Clayton 17-year-old boy shot, killed in Orange County, officials say Chick-fil-A near UCF honors fallen Orange County Deputy Norman Lewis Video: Police escort fallen Orlando officer's funeral procession MLK Parade map: Orlando road closures, parade route John Morgan still on the fence about FL Gov. 2018 run StormTracker 13 Radar Learn more  |  BHTV for iOS  |  BHTV for Android  |  BHTV for Kindle Fire  |  PC/Laptop Get the News 13+ App Download the News 13+ app for the latest News, Weather and Real Time Traffic at your fingertips. LIVE interactive Stormtracker 13 radar Custom Safety Net storm alerts LIVE interactive Real Time Traffic Upload pictures to News 13 from the app Community Calendar Find out what's happening in your neighborhood and submit your event now! All Events Brevard County Flagler County Lake County Marion County Orange County Osceola County Seminole County Sumter County Volusia County Breaking News Alerts Get instant Breaking News, Weather & Traffic alerts delivered directly to your cell phone or email with News 13 NOW. It's easy to sign up! &amp;amp;amp;nbsp; Nominate an Everyday Hero Every Monday, News 13 salutes an Everyday Hero making a positive difference in Central Florida. Do you know someone who should be an Everyday Hero? Let us know! Project Weather Weather can be mysterious, exciting and sometimes dangerous. That's why News 13 created Project Weather to help provide kids with the information they need to stay safe. Project Weather is made up of interactive educational resources to help prepare students for the future. News 13 Partners Stay In Touch Join us on Facebook Follow us on Twitter Subscribe to our Feeds Service Tools Breaking News Alerts Severe Weather Alerts News 13 App Center News 13 Watch Live Spectrum Email Make Us Your Home Page Marketplace Advertise with Us Your Neighborhood Partners Bay News 9 Spectrum Sports Charter Communications InfoMás Orlando Business Journal CNN.com About Us Contact Us Jobs Our People Awards Crime Guidelines Studio Tour Seen on 13 Use of this site constitutes acceptance of our User Agreement and Privacy Policy. ©2017 Charter Communications. All rights reserved. The material on this site may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, cached or otherwise used, except with the prior written permission of Bright House Networks' parent, Charter Communications Operating, LLC.
Home News Watch Live Latest News Local National News World News Entertainment News Sports News Health News Tech News Submit A Story Idea Weather Submit Weather Photo Galleries Submit Your Photos/Videos News Team Watch Live Janelle Brandom Stephen Morgan David Koeller Aaron Campbell Lakyn McGee John Adams Jeff Houghton J. Fotsch Submit A Story Idea Programs What’s On Now Coming to Fox this Fall NFL Schedule College Basketball The Mystery Hour Contests FOX 5 Weekly Football Giveaway! Standard Contest Rules About Us FAQ Employment Signal Reception Help MeTV Widescreen Viewing Advertise with Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Current EEO Report Closed Captioning Privacy Policy Online Public File Children’s Programming News Features Fox 5 Spotlight Branson Behind the Scenes Golden Apple Award On the Road Finest Fairways Watch Live Live Newscast Fotsch and Sarah in the Morning Live Search Home News Watch Live Latest News Local National News World News Entertainment News Sports News Health News Tech News Submit A Story Idea Weather Submit Weather Photo Galleries Submit Your Photos/Videos News Team Watch Live Janelle Brandom Stephen Morgan David Koeller Aaron Campbell Lakyn McGee John Adams Jeff Houghton J. Fotsch Submit A Story Idea Programs What’s On Now Coming to Fox this Fall NFL Schedule College Basketball The Mystery Hour Contests FOX 5 Weekly Football Giveaway! Standard Contest Rules About Us FAQ Employment Signal Reception Help MeTV Widescreen Viewing Advertise with Us Advertising Terms & Conditions Current EEO Report Closed Captioning Privacy Policy Online Public File Children’s Programming News Features Fox 5 Spotlight Branson Behind the Scenes Golden Apple Award On the Road Finest Fairways Watch Live Live Newscast Fotsch and Sarah in the Morning Live Latest Update Springfield businesses deal with power outages Free Health Screenings Day Fox 5 Sports Minute – Weekend of 1/13 Winter Weather Causes Red Code At Community Blood Center Springfield Man Sentenced to Twenty Years For Abusing Girlfriend’s Daughter Missing Florida Baby Found Disneyland Upgrades Ticketing System Automotive Supplier Expected to Plead Guilty New Girl Scout Cookie 2017 Tournament of Champions Reward hiked in manhunt for Orlando cop-killing suspect 0 tweet (1/10/2017)- The reward for information on the suspected Orlando cop-killer on the loose was ratcheted up to $100,000 on Tuesday, police announced, confirming the suspect likely had somebody helping him stay one step ahead of law enforcement since Monday’s shooting. Markeith Loyd, 41, apparently posted on Facebook last month that he wanted his face on one of America’s most popular crime shows. “Goals!!!! To be on Americas most wanted,” a November 2016 post page read. A separate post from December was addressed to the city of Orlando: “When you talk about street legends mention ME!!!!! Me!!!!” “We are all focused on bringing Markeith Loyd to justice. We are working on having arrest warrants signed for those who have have aided him,” Orlando police said Tuesday. The reward on Monday for information into his whereabouts was $60,000. Loyd already had a long rap sheet and murder accusation to his name before police said he shot and killed an officer who confronted him outside a Walmart in Orlando on Monday. Law enforcement agencies ramped up their manhunt immediately, but signs of Loyd were few and far between. The manhunt itself led to the death of a sheriff’s deputy in a motorcycle crash and the injury of another officer. “There was a bunch of chaos, a bunch of people running, yelling, and screaming, all confused, confused as to where to go, what to do and how do to get out of there,” one witness named Chris, who did not give a last name, told Fox 35. Loyd’s December Facebook post appeared one day before investigators said he shot and killed his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and critically wounded her brother, outside her home. After that, police said he took off — and he went silent on social media. “He should be considered armed and dangerous,” Police Chief John Mina said. Later in the day, the chief said, “It doesn’t matter where he is. We will track him down to the ends of the Earth.” Loyd served 10 years behind bars, and five years probation, for conspiracy with intent to distribute cocaine, the Orlando Sentinel reported. He also did nearly four years for battery on a law enforcement officer — and was found guilty later for punching a jail officer who demanded he get off the phone for mealtime, according to the newspaper. In 1996, back when he was 21, Loyd faced murder charges, which prosecutors ultimately dropped after a teenaged witness admitted she lied. At the time, investigators said Loyd and three other people wanted drugs from the man who turned up dead. While pictures of Loyd have spread across social media, appearing on “America’s Most Wanted” seems less feasible. The show, once a mainstay on Fox TV, has not aired since 2013. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton, 42, was killed outside the Walmart in northwest Orlando early Monday, and Orange County Sheriff’s Office Deputy 1st Class Norman Lewis was killed more than two hours later in a crash while responding to the manhunt. Another Orlando police officer was involved in a crash while responding to the shooting but had only minor injuries. Mina lauded Clayton, a 17-year veteran of the force,  as a committed officer and a hero who gave her life to the community she loves. The Orlando Police Department said in a tweet that Clayton always had a smile and a high five for every child she came across. The deaths left Orlando’s law enforcement community in mourning. Clayton’s patrol SUV was displayed in front of Orlando Police headquarters Tuesday morning. The police department also started an online fund to raise money for her family. In the Walmart parking lot Tuesday morning, shoppers laid more than two dozen bouquets of flowers, teddy bears and candles in a makeshift memorial. Some shoppers, like Hal Shore, stopped to say a prayer or take a photo. “It’s important that the country is aware that there is a war against police officers,” said Shore, a cabinet maker. While at the Walmart on Monday morning, Clayton was tipped off by someone that Loyd was in the area. When she approached him, he fired multiple shots at Clayton, who was wearing body armor, Mina said. Clayton returned fire but didn’t hit him, he said. Sheriff’s officials said a deputy spotted Loyd driving off. The suspect pulled into a nearby apartment complex and then fired at a deputy, striking the deputy’s SUV twice. The deputy wasn’t harmed, the sheriff’s office said. Loyd then carjacked another vehicle, drove away and then abandoned the vehicle not far away, according to the sheriff’s office. Previous PostDylann Roof sentenced to death for 2015 Charleston church massacre Next PostResidents line Chestnut Expressway to 'Back the Blue' Leave a Reply Cancel reply Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * Comment Name * Email * Website Contact Us KRBK-TV 1701 S. Enterprise Springfield, MO 65804 417.522.0020 Recent Posts Springfield businesses deal with power outages Free Health Screenings Day Fox 5 Sports Minute – Weekend of 1/13 Winter Weather Causes Red Code At Community Blood Center Springfield Man Sentenced to Twenty Years For Abusing Girlfriend’s Daughter Missing Florida Baby Found Quick Links About Us Employment Advertising Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Closed Captioning Children's Programming Current EEO Report Online Public File Website Terms of Service Contact Us KRBK-TV 1701 S. Enterprise Springfield, MO 65804 417.522.0020 Owned and operated by Koplar Communications, LLC. Copyright © 2017 All rights reserved.
Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Special Revealed: Free Stuff and Great Bargain Adventures for People Over 50 (Free Report) Home | Companies Tags: walmart | jobs | workforce | layoffs WSJ: Wal-Mart Plans to Cut Hundreds of Jobs This Month (AP/Steven Senne) Tuesday, 10 Jan 2017 02:47 PM Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    Wal-Mart Stores Inc. plans to cut hundreds of jobs before the end of January, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the situation. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer plans to eliminate jobs at its headquarters and regional personnel that support stores, according to the report. Many of the eliminations will affect Wal-Mart's human resources department, a large team that some senior executives believe should be more efficient or whose duties could be handled by outside consultants, the newspaper reported. Other departments could be affected as well, the report said. "While we continually look at our corporate structure, we have not made any announcements," Wal-Mart spokesman Randy Hargrove said in an email. The company said in September it would cut about 7,000 back-office jobs, mostly in accounting and invoicing positions at its U.S. stores, as part of a program it announced in June. The job cuts followed the company's plans to invest $2.7 billion in programs that involve training its workforce and a series of wage hikes that took the minimum hourly pay for store workers to $10, part of efforts to improve service at stores and boost sales. The company has also been investing to increase e-commerce sales and improve stores. These measures helped the company report strong online sales growth and a smaller-than-expected decline in earnings for the third quarter despite comparable store sales coming in below estimates. Wal-Mart's shares were down marginally at $68.48 in afternoon trading. © 2017 Thomson/Reuters. All rights reserved. Click Here to comment on this article Close  More ways to share... Stumbled LinkedIn Vine Reddit Delicious Newstrust Tell my politician Technocrati Short URL| Email Article| Comment| Contact| Print|     A   A    1Like our page 2Share Share Companies Wal-Mart Stores Inc. plans to cut hundreds of jobs before the end of January, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the situation. walmart, jobs, workforce, layoffs 240 Tuesday, 10 Jan 2017 02:47 PM 2017-47-10 Around The Web Powered by Newsmax Join the Newsmax Community Register To Comment Login To Comment Please review Community Guidelines before posting a comment. Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. blog comments powered by Disqus   Free Newsmax E-Alerts Email: Country: Zip Code: Privacy: We never share your email.   Mortgage Rates Get Today's Low Rates Widget Request a mortgage or refinance Powered by Take A Look At This Recommended by Newsmax Most Commented Larry Kudlow: GOP Tax Reform May Get Derailed Over Mexico Friday, 13 Jan 2017 | 130 comments I am fed up with these economists - and others - telling our government... Trumponomics Gets The Thumbs Down From Nobel-Winning Economists Saturday, 07 Jan 2017 | 142 comments I wouldn't believe a word from Princeton or Columbia or Yale left wing... WSJ: Soros Lost Nearly $1 Billion After Trump Election Thursday, 12 Jan 2017 | 72 comments Too bad he didn't lose it all.His is one obituary I will read with a smile.... WSJ: The Market Has Already Started to Dump Trump Friday, 13 Jan 2017 | 68 comments The Russia story is not working. Now liberal left wing DemocRATs begin to... CNBC: Alibaba Aims to Create 1 Million US Jobs in Next 5 Years Monday, 09 Jan 2017 | 53 comments Obama has no concept of Americanism at all!...       To view this video please enable JavaScript, and consider upgrading to a web browser that supports HTML5 video Home   Street Talk   Personal Finance   Economy   Companies   Markets   Investing & Analysis   Insiders   Money Wire   Newsletters Newsmax, Moneynews, Newsmax Health, and Independent. American. are registered trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. Newsmax TV, and Newsmax World are trademarks of Newsmax Media, Inc. NEWSMAX.COM MONEYNEWS.COM © Newsmax Media, Inc. All Rights Reserved Contact | Advertise | Shop | RSS | Archives | Links | Privacy Policy | Terms & Conditions
Google+ Singapore Weather Min. 24° | Max. 33° Air Quality: PSI 43-55 We set you thinking Monday 16 January 2017 Read the PDF print edition Main menu hot news Commentary Voices Singapore daily focus China & India World Business Tech Sports Entertainment Lifestyle Blogs Photos Videos Print Edition Management Impact SME Property newstream Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 1484520660 World Decision over THAAD location in South Korea could be delayed: Yonhap 1484532099 World Trump's offer to Putin: an end to sanctions for nuclear arms cut - London Times 1484527548 World CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia 1484532362 World Trump asks if outgoing CIA Chief was leaker of ‘fake news’ 1484531760 Tech Samsung probe finds battery was main cause of Galaxy Note 7 fires: Source 1484529960 Business Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source 1484530442 World Tibet protesters detained in Swiss capital during Xi Jinping visit 1484517484 World Death toll from Brazil jail riot at 27, nine injured 1484522361 World South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe 1484529755 China&India Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily 1484527800 Lifestyle Gordon Ramsay to cook with food waste at pop-up restaurant in London 1484528189 World South Korea former opposition leader holds lead in presidential favorites poll 1484527101 World Trump says NATO is obsolete but still 'very important to me' 1484527548 World Trump says Brexit to be 'a great thing', wants quick trade deal with UK 1484524786 World One hand on light switch, Obama isn’t flipping to ‘off’ just yet 1484525760 Business Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 1484526995 World Stark inequality: Oxfam says 8 men as rich as half the world 1484526991 World Are fathers getting a raw deal in the workplace, UK inquiry asks 1484525784 Business Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader 1484526334 World Trump team may move West Wing briefings to expand capacity 1484523960 Singapore Singapore has world’s 2nd most ‘powerful’ passport: Index 1484525520 World Living standards better growth gauge than GDP, Davos forum says 1484524260 World Obama says U.N. vote didn't rupture U.S.-Israel relations 1484524916 Business World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos 1484525116 Business Luxottica and Essilor to merge in $53 billion deal: FT 1484524335 World What changes under Turkey’s new constitution plan? 1484523395 Business Job cuts, fewer flights? Hong Kong airline Cathay Pacific set for overhaul 1484523391 World Early elections set to be called in Northern Ireland 1484522049 World Trump says Merkel made 'catastrophic mistake' with refugee policy 1484522485 Business In choosing a job, focus on the fun 1484523096 World Efforts ramped up to monitor fires in Riau, Kalimantan amid haze fears 1484479260 Singapore Poor response to scheme to guide SMEs to attract, retain manpower 1484495460 Lifestyle Chat with a cat? Who could resist? 1484521860 China&India One-China policy non-negotiable, Beijing reminds Trump again 1484510460 Business Sterling skids on Brexit worry; investors await Trump clarity 1484521298 Business Exclusive: Philip Morris jolted by Indian proposal to ban foreign tobacco investment 1484521516 World Trump labels NATO ‘obsolete’ in newspaper interview 1484520989 Business Trump threatens BMW with border tax on cars built in Mexico 1484518446 World French ex-PM Valls trails in left-wing TV primary debate: poll 1484518110 World Trump says wants nuclear arsenals cut 'very substantially' 1484517828 Business Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns 1484517960 World South Korea prosecutor weighs economic impact of arrest of Samsung chief 1484468130 Sports Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool 1484516160 Singapore TODAY's morning briefing for Jan 16 1484515800 World Britain has 'reservations' about Paris Middle East peace talks 1484508777 World Congo government says M23 rebel fighters cross over border from Uganda 1484512211 World Israel, Palestinians warned against solo steps harmful to peace 1484512857 World Jordan's king reshuffles cabinet amid growing security, economic challenges 1484508864 Singapore AHTC resolves five more areas of non-compliance 1484510460 Business Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds of jobs this month: WSJ The Wal-Mart logo is pictured on cash registers at a new store in Chicago. Photo: Reuters mail print View all comments Tweet Published: 3:20 AM, January 11, 2017 Updated: 5:00 AM, January 11, 2017 Wal-Mart Stores Inc <WMT.N> plans to cut hundreds of jobs before the end of January, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the situation. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer plans to eliminate jobs at its headquarters and regional personnel that support stores, according to the report. Many of the eliminations will affect Wal-Mart's human resources department, a large team that some senior executives believe should be more efficient or whose duties could be handled by outside consultants, the newspaper reported. Other departments could be affected as well, the report said. "While we continually look at our corporate structure, we have not made any announcements," Wal-Mart spokesman Randy Hargrove said in an email. The company said in September it would cut about 7,000 back-office jobs, mostly in accounting and invoicing positions at its U.S. stores, as part of a program it announced in June. The job cuts followed the company's plans to invest $2.7 billion in programs that involve training its workforce and a series of wage hikes that took the minimum hourly pay for store workers to $10, part of efforts to improve service at stores and boost sales. The company has also been investing to increase e-commerce sales and improve stores. These measures helped the company report strong online sales growth and a smaller-than-expected decline in earnings for the third quarter despite comparable store sales coming in below estimates. Wal-Mart's shares were down marginally at $68.48 in afternoon trading. REUTERS mail print View all comments Tweet Recommended For You   More Stories For You The Most Business READ COMMENTED “India really means business”: Iswaran ’appy iPhone users as WhatsApp Web goes iOS ‘Your fried rice’s ready, Chef’ ‘Unicorns’ face up to reality of new dotcom bubble ‘Tweaks' to property cooling measures worth exploring, say industry players Yellen had 'super risky' proposal for Fed's 2011 low-rate vow: transcripts Yahoo to be named Altaba, Mayer to leave board after Verizon deal Yahoo plans to shrink board, change name to Altaba after Verizon deal Xi to be first Chinese leader to attend Davos World Economic Forum World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos With new leverage, NYC's Stringer could reshape boardrooms Where to get help if you’re in financial trouble Wells Fargo thinks it has paid back customers as required Weekly jobless claims rise; import prices push higher Wall Street opens flat ahead of Trump conference Inside Today World CIA director warns Trump to watch what he says, be careful on Russia Decision over THAAD location in South Korea could be delayed: Yonhap Trump asks if outgoing CIA Chief was leaker of ‘fake news’ South Korea prosecutor indicts NPS chief in political scandal probe Beijing will 'take off the gloves' if Trump continues on Taiwan: China Daily Business Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source Singapore to prop up South-east Asia’s muted IPO market in 2017 Key Samsung shares steady, market awaits South Korea prosecution decision on leader World's eight richest as wealthy as half humanity, Oxfam tells Davos Luxottica and Essilor to merge in $53 billion deal: FT Sports High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 Ibrahimovic's late goal earns Manchester United 1-1 draw vs Liverpool Meet Nicol David, the Serena Williams of women's squash Nadal determined to fight against the pain Williams seeks Grand Slam greatness at Australian Open Entertainment High-flying pro wrestling star Jimmy ‘Superfly’ Snuka dies at 73 It’s curtains for ‘World’s Greatest Show’ after 146 years No plans to digitise Fisher in future Star Wars films Artwalk pays homage to Little India’s heritage Glass shards to the face and having to dance without music About TODAY Apps RSS Sitemap Syndication Contact Us Advertise with Us Terms & Conditions About MediaCorp Copyright 2017 © Mediacorp Press Ltd. All Rights Reserved. Mediacorp News Group
Edition: Global   One News Page “Probably the fastest-access news portal in the world” HOME WORLD SPORTS POLITICS BUSINESS PEOPLE SCITECH  • World •  Americas U.S. Europe U.K. Asia-Pacific India Australia Africa Middle East One News Page > World > Walmart and Visa declare truce in half-year battle over credit card fees Walmart and Visa declare truce in half-year battle over credit card fees Thursday, 5 January 2017 (1 week ago) *By The Canadian Press* TORONTO — Corporate behemoths Walmart Canada and Visa have declared a truce in their dispute over merchant fees, allowing Walmart customers in Manitoba and Thunder Bay, Ont., to resume using the credit card beginning Friday. Both companies said they came to an agreement but did not provide details, calling the arrangement confidential. Walmart began refusing Visa credit cards at its three stores in Thunder Bay in mid-July. It said it pays more than $100 million in fees every... // Read Full Article » View on web 0 shares Share on FacebookShare on TwitterPost on  RedditShare by Email   Source: HuffPost Canada Trends - 1 week ago< > Embed Walmart And Visa Declare Truce Over Fees 00:52 Walmart Canada and Visa have come to an agreement over credit card merchant fees. Recent related news Walmart and Visa declare truce in battle over credit card feesCorporate behemoths Walmart Canada and Visa have declared a truce in their dispute over merchant fees, allowing Walmart customers in Manitoba and Thunder Bay,... canoe.ca 1 week ago - AmericasAlso reported by •Business Wire •Seattle Times •Finextra Business News Roundup, Jan. 10Yahoo said Monday that after it sells its Internet properties to Verizon, the holding company that remains will be called Altaba Inc. That firm will manage the... SFGate 6 days ago - Business You Might Like Other recent news in World ISRAEL Says Nazi Camp Excavations Unearth Link to Anne Frank RINGLING BROS circus to close 'Greatest Show on Earth' after 146 years Alec Baldwin Brutally Mocks DONALD TRUMP's First Press Conference On 'SNL' BRAZIL prison riot leaves at least 10 inmates dead Donald Trump warned over Jerusalem embassy move as MIDDLE EAST summit meets in Paris CIA boss John Brennan says Donald Trump 'doesn't understand Russia' in scathing attack on President-elect Outgoing CIA DIRECTOR John Brennan rips into Donald Trump BAHRAIN executes three Shia men over 2014 police killing At least 30 INMATES killed with three 'beheaded' in Brazil prison riot Spokesman: Iraqi Special Forces Sweep MOSUL UNIVERSITY for Remaining Militants Twitter Facebook Page People Toby Keith Donald Trump Barack Obama Roddy Piper Mike Pence Current Topics Eddie Long Obamacare Prince Charles Ringling Bros Spotlight 📺 Live TV Movie Reviews Staff Stories Robot Rights? EU To Discuss Artificial Intelligence Laws Nintendo Switch Line-Up Confirmed: Big Franchises Return For New Console In 2017 Snooper's Charter Under Fire - Investigatory Bill Faces Legal Challenge The Hillary Clinton Email Scandal Is Far From Over - But Not For Her Just When You Thought 2016 Was Dramatic Enough - It's 2017, And Cadbury's Are Increasing The Price Of Freddo Bars UK Internet Providers To Make Pirates Walk The Plank? Why The Booze Is Putting You Into Starvation Mode La La Land Destroys Long-Standing Golden Globes Record Environmentally friendly: One News Page is hosted on servers powered solely by renewable energy © 2017 One News Page Ltd. All Rights Reserved.  |  About us  |  Disclaimer  |  Press Room  |  Terms & Conditions  |  Privacy Policy  |  Content Accreditation  RSS  |  News for my Website  |  Free news search widget  |  Help  |  Contact us  |  DMCA / Content Removal How are we doing? Send us your feedback  |   LIKE us on Facebook   FOLLOW us on Twitter   FIND us on Google+
msn back to msn home money search money search web search Sign in Change language & content: América Latina (español) Argentina (español) Australia (English) België (Nederlands) Belgique (français) Brasil (português) Canada (English) Canada (français) Chile (español) Colombia (español) Danmark (Dansk) Deutschland (Deutsch) España (español) France (français) India (English) Indonesia (Bahasa Indonesia) Ireland (English) Italia (italiano) Malaysia (English) México (español) Nederland (Nederlands) New Zealand (English) Norge (norsk, bokmål) Österreich (Deutsch) Perú (español) Philippines (English) Polska (polski) Portugal (Português) Schweiz (Deutsch) Singapore (English) South Africa (English) Suisse (français) Suomi (suomi) Sverige (svenska) Türkiye (Türkçe) United Arab Emirates (English) United Kingdom (English) United States (English) United States (español) Venezuela (español) Việt Nam (Tiếng Việt) Ελλάδα (ελληνικά) Россия (Pусский) ישראל (עברית)‏ الإمارات العربية المتحدة (العربية‏) المملكة العربية السعودية (العربية‏) مصر (العربية‏) ไทย (ไทย) 한국 (한국어) 中华人民共和国 (简体中文) 台灣 (繁體中文) 日本 (日本語) 香港特别行政區 (繁體中文) Switch to Latino Feedback Help Today Markets Investing Personal Finance Real Estate Careers Small Business My Watchlist Mortgages Credit Cards Broker Center Tools Home News Weather Entertainment Sports Money Lifestyle Health & Fitness Food & Drink Travel Autos Video Top Stocks Inside the Ticker Mutual Funds and ETFs Small Business Expert Voices Taxes Retirement Life Stock Picks Today's 52-Week Highs Today's 52-Week Lows Volume Shockers Price Shockers High-yield Stocks The Best Blue-Chip Stocks AdChoices Wal-Mart Plans New Round of Job Cuts The Wall Street Journal. Sarah Nassauer 5 days ago SHARE SHARE TWEET SHARE EMAIL How to prepare for 2017 Social Security changes 21 expensive products that cost way more than they should Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is preparing another round of job cuts at its headquarters before the end of the month, according to people familiar with the situation. The world’s biggest retailer plans to eliminate hundreds of jobs before the end of its fiscal year on Jan. 31, both at headquarters and regional personnel that supports stores, these people said. Many of the eliminations will affect Wal-Mart’s human resources department, a large team that some senior executives believe should be more efficient or whose duties could be handled by outside consultants, said these people. Other departments could be affected as well, say these people. “We are always looking for ways to operate more efficiently and effectively,” said Wal-Mart spokesman Greg Hitt. “While we continually look at our corporate structure, we have not made any announcements.” The company has been cutting jobs to preserve profits while investing billions to boost e-commerce sales, improve stores and raise wages for store employees. In late 2015 Wal-Mart laid off hundreds of workers in its Bentonville, Ark., headquarters. In September, it cut about 7,000 back-office jobs in its stores, automating some tasks by adding cash recyclers that count money. “We need to manage expenses even better, which includes changing how we do work inside the company,” Chief Executive Doug McMillon said during an investor presentation in October. Wal-Mart has predicted that per-share adjusted earnings in fiscal 2018 will be flat compared with fiscal 2017, then fall at the low end of its 2019 target of 5% to 10% growth. Other retailers have recently moved to slash jobs and close stores as they battle sluggish sales and try to save money to invest in their e-commerce efforts. Last week, Macy’s Inc. said it would close stores, cutting 10,000 jobs and streamlining operations. Wal-Mart closed more than 150 U.S. stores last January, then in October said new-store openings would slow, but hasn’t announced plans for another round of large-scale closures. In late 2015, Wal-Mart hired Jacqui Canney, an executive who had spent decades with Accenture Ltd., to lead its human-resources department. Some employees in the department have been told to find other jobs internally or externally by the end of the month, said one of the people familiar with the situation. In total, the planned job cuts will affect a small percentage of Wal-Mart’s roughly 18,000 Bentonville-based staff. But the series of reductions show how the retailer is working to maintain profits at a time of change in the industry. Wal-Mart has spent heavily over the past two years to fend off Amazon.com Inc. and smaller, fast-growing discounters like Aldi. In the investor presentation last fall, executives said Wal-Mart would steer more of its $11 billion in annual budget toward boosting e-commerce sales, technology used in stores and on customer services. In September, Wal-Mart spent $3.3 billion to purchase Jet.com Inc., an unprofitable e-commerce startup. “We have a plan to win with customers and drive growth. We will be disciplined with our cost and capital as we do it,” said Mr. McMillon during the presentation. Go to MSN Home Go to MSN Money Join the conversation Report Abuse Report inappropriate content Sorry! There was a problem. Please try again. Help us maintain a healthy and vibrant community by reporting any illegal or inappropriate behavior that violates MSN’s Code of Conduct. Select a category Spam Child pornography or exploitation Profanity, vulgarity or obscenity Copyright infringement Harassment or threat Threats of suicide Other Who posted the inappropriate comment (Required) Paste the unacceptable comment here submit Leave your comment AdChoices AdChoices AdChoices More from The Wall Street Journal Wanda Group, Owned by China's Richest Man, Suffers Rare Off Year The Wall Street Journal. Beijing Says 'One China' Policy Isn't Up for Debate The Wall Street Journal. The Wall Street Journal. View the full site Feedback © 2017 Microsoft Privacy Legal About our Ads Feedback Help MSN Worldwide Newsletter Found the story interesting? Like us on Facebook to see similar stories I'm already a fan, don't show this again Send Feedback Provide Feedback Report a Problem We appreciate your input! Select a category: I'm having problems with Top Destinations I'm having issues searching I'm having problems with Featured Apps I see an error in the content Other How we can improve? Please give an overall site rating: Submit Close Privacy Statement Help Help & Support
X Edition: United States Business Business Home Legal Deals Aerospace & Defense Finance Autos Reuters Summits ADventures Data Dive Markets Markets Home U.S. Markets European Markets Asian Markets Global Market Data Indices Stocks Bonds Currencies Commodities Futures Funds Earnings Dividends World World Home U.S. Special Reports Reuters Investigates Euro Zone Middle East China Japan Mexico Brazil Africa Russia India Politics Politics Home Election 2016 Polling Explorer Just In: Election 2016 What Voters Want Supreme Court Tech Technology Home Science Top 100 Global Innovators Environment Innovation Commentary Commentary Home Podcasts Breakingviews Breakingviews Home Breakingviews Video Money Money Home Retirement Lipper Awards Analyst Research Stock Screener Fund Screener Life Health Sports Arts Entertainment Oddly Enough Pictures Pictures Home The Wider Image Photographers Focus 360 Video Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds of jobs this month: WSJ Africa América Latina عربي Argentina Brasil Canada 中国 Deutschland España France India Italia 日本 México РОССИЯ United Kingdom United States Business News | Tue Jan 10, 2017 | 2:36pm EST Wal-Mart plans to cut hundreds of jobs this month: WSJ left right The Wal-Mart logo is pictured on cash registers at a new store in Chicago, January 24, 2012. REUTERS/John Gress 1/2 left right A clown sits inside a bus seen in front of a Wal-Mart store in Mexico City January 11, 2013. REUTERS/Edgard Garrido/File Photo 2/2 Wal-Mart Stores Inc (WMT.N) plans to cut hundreds of jobs before the end of January, the Wall Street Journal reported, citing people familiar with the situation. The Bentonville, Arkansas-based retailer plans to eliminate jobs at its headquarters and regional personnel that support stores, according to the report. Many of the eliminations will affect Wal-Mart's human resources department, a large team that some senior executives believe should be more efficient or whose duties could be handled by outside consultants, the newspaper reported. Other departments could be affected as well, the report said. "While we continually look at our corporate structure, we have not made any announcements," Wal-Mart spokesman Randy Hargrove said in an email. The company said in September it would cut about 7,000 back-office jobs, mostly in accounting and invoicing positions at its U.S. stores, as part of a program it announced in June. The job cuts followed the company's plans to invest $2.7 billion in programs that involve training its workforce and a series of wage hikes that took the minimum hourly pay for store workers to $10, part of efforts to improve service at stores and boost sales. The company has also been investing to increase e-commerce sales and improve stores. These measures helped the company report strong online sales growth and a smaller-than-expected decline in earnings for the third quarter despite comparable store sales coming in below estimates. Wal-Mart's shares were down marginally at $68.48 in afternoon trading. (Reporting by Sruthi Ramakrishnan in Bengaluru: Editing by Sriraj Kalluvila and Maju Samuel) Next In Business News Samsung Electronics probe finds battery was main cause of Note 7 fires: source SEOUL Samsung Electronics Co Ltd's investigation into what caused some Galaxy Note 7s to catch fire has concluded that the battery was the main reason, a person familiar with the matter told Reuters on Monday. Luxottica, Essilor in 46 billion euro merger deal to create eyewear giant: sources MILAN Italy's Luxottica and France's Essilor have agreed a 46-billion euro ($49 billion) merger deal to create a global powerhouse in the eyewear industry, two sources with knowledge of the matter said. Davos elites struggle for answers as Trump era dawns DAVOS, Switzerland - The global economy is in better shape than it's been in years. Stock markets are booming, oil prices are on the rise again and the risks of a rapid economic slowdown in China, a major source of concern a year ago, have eased. MORE FROM REUTERS Sponsored Content From Around the Web Promoted by Taboola Trending Stories Photos of the week Photos of the week Sponsored Topics X Follow Reuters: Follow Us On Twitter Follow Us On Facebook Follow Us On RSS Follow Us On Instagram Follow Us On YouTube Follow Us On LinkedIn Subscribe: Feeds | Newsletters | Podcasts | Apps Reuters News Agency | Brand Attribution Guidelines Reuters is the news and media division of Thomson Reuters. Thomson Reuters is the world's largest international multimedia news agency, providing investing news, world news, business news, technology news, headline news, small business news, news alerts, personal finance, stock market, and mutual funds information available on Reuters.com, video, mobile, and interactive television platforms. Learn more about Thomson Reuters products: Eikon Information, analytics and exclusive news on financial markets - delivered in an intuitive desktop and mobile interface Elektron Everything you need to empower your workflow and enhance your enterprise data management World-Check Screen for heightened risk individual and entities globally to help uncover hidden risks in business relationships and human networks Westlaw Build the strongest argument relying on authoritative content, attorney-editor expertise, and industry defining technology ONESOURCE The most comprehensive solution to manage all your complex and ever-expanding tax and compliance needs CHECKPOINT The industry leader for online information for tax, accounting and finance professionals All quotes delayed a minimum of 15 minutes. See here for a complete list of exchanges and delays. Site Feedback Corrections Advertising Guidelines AdChoices Terms of Use Privacy Policy
HOME EDITION News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows Watch Live CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Full Episodes More Log In | Register Log Out News Economy Finance Health Care Real Estate Wealth Autos Consumer Earnings Energy Life Media Politics Retail Commentary Special Reports Asia Europe CFO Council Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe Markets Pre-Markets U.S. Asia Europe Stocks Commodities Currencies Bonds Funds ETFs Make It Entrepreneurs Leadership Careers Money Specials Shows Investing Trading Nation Trader Talk Financial Advisors Personal Finance CNBC Explains Portfolio Watchlist Stock Screener Fund Screener Tech Recode Mobile Social Media Enterprise Gaming Cybersecurity Video Top Video Latest Video U.S. Video Asia Video Europe Video CEO Interviews Analyst Interviews Full Episodes Shows CNBC U.S. Business Day CNBC U.S. Primetime CNBC Asia-Pacific CNBC Europe CNBC World Special Reports Modern Medicine FinTech CNBC Upstart 25 Retail Report Future Opportunities Davos Your Money, Your Future Original Series Executive Edge Trading Nation Futures Now Retire Well The Pulse @ 1 Market The Bottom Line CNBC Events Davos Delivering Alpha eMerge Americas iCONIC Conference Cambridge Cyber Summit Sohn Conference Follow CNBC EDITION Register Log In Profile Email Preferences PRO Sign Out Pro View All News & Analysis Video PRO Talks PRO Uncut Kensho Stats Halftime Portfolio Squawk Box Portfolio Take a Tour Subscribe LIVE TV Watch CNBC TV Watch CNBC Pro Watchlist X × × × Retail Consumer Retail Media Autos Food and Beverage Restaurants Fashion Goods Retail Report Wal-Mart is rolling back its workforce as layoffs loom by month’s end Katie Little | @KatieLittle Tuesday, 10 Jan 2017 | 2:43 PM ETCNBC.com SHARES show chapters Wal-Mart to cut hundreds of jobs: DJ    Tuesday, 10 Jan 2017 | 1:04 PM ET | 01:24 Wal-Mart Stores will be giving hundreds of additional workers pink slips as the discount retailer prepares a fresh round of job cuts, sources familiar with the matter told CNBC. The layoffs were first reported by the Wall Street Journal. The cuts would affect both regional workers and employees at the company's headquarters, sources told the Journal. They added that many of the layoffs will impact its human resources department. In a statement to CNBC, Wal-Mart said, "As we've previously shared, we are always looking for ways to operate more efficiently and effectively. While we continually look at our corporate structure, we have not made any announcements." The move marks the latest in a series of cuts as the retailer pares some expenses. In September, it said it would slash 7,000 back-office jobs while it said in October 2015 that it was cutting hundreds of positions at headquarters. —CNBC's Courtney Reagan contributed to this report. Katie LittleStaff Writer Related Securities Symbol Price   Change %Change WMT --- To view this site, you need to have JavaScript enabled in your browser, and either the Flash Plugin or an HTML5-Video enabled browser. Download the latest Flash player and try again. Playing Share this video... × Watch Next...
DOW JONES, A NEWS CORP COMPANY News Corp is a network of leading companies in the worlds of diversified media, news, education, and information services. DOW JONES Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Newsmart NewsPlus Private Markets Risk & Compliance WSJ.com WSJ Pro WSJ Conference WSJ Video NEWS CORP Big Decisions Business Spectator Checkout51 Harper Collins New York Post PropTiger REA realtor.com Storyful The Australian The Sun The Times Nikkei ▲ 19139.48 -0.77%   Hang Seng ▲ 22746.21 -0.83%   U.S. 10 Yr ▲ 0/32 yield 2.397%   Crude Oil ▲ 52.53 0.31%   Yen ▲ 114.31 -0.16%   DJIA ▲ 19885.73 -0.03%   Subscribe Now Sign In The Wall Street Journal Sections My Journal Home World U.S. Politics Economy Business Tech Markets Opinion Arts Life Real Estate Today's Paper SHOW ALL SECTIONS HIDE ALL SECTIONS World Home Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Economy World Video U.S. Home Economy Law New York Politics Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Home Think Tank Washington Wire Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Home Real Time Economics Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Home Management Tech/WSJ.D Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Home CIO Journal Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Home Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Home Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Home Arts in Review Books Speakeasy Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Home Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Home Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion Real Estate Video HIDE ALL SECTIONS Aim higher, reach further. Get the Wall Street Journal $12 for 12 weeks. Subscribe Now Sign In Reveal Navigation Options Home World Regions Africa Asia Canada China Europe Latin America Middle East Blogs Brussels Real Time China Real Time India Real Time Sections Economy More World Video U.S. Sections Economy Law New York Politics Columns & Blogs Real Time Economics The Numbers Washington Wire More Journal Report U.S. Video What's News Podcast Politics Blogs Think Tank Washington Wire More Politics Video WSJ/NBC News Poll Economy Blogs Real Time Economics More Economic Forecasting Survey Economy Video Business Sections Management Tech/WSJ.D Industries Aerospace & Defense Autos & Transportation Commercial Real Estate Consumer Products Energy Entrepreneurship Financial Services Food & Services Health Care Hospitality Law Manufacturing Media & Marketing Natural Resources Retail C-Suite CFO Journal CIO Journal CMO Today Logistics Report Risk & Compliance Columns & Blogs Bankruptcy Beat Heard on the Street More Business Video Journal Report Business Podcast Tech Sections CIO Journal Columns & Blogs Geoffrey Fowler Christopher Mims Joanna Stern Li Yuan More Billion Dollar Startup Club Tech Video Tech Podcast Startup Stock Trader Markets Sections Bonds Commercial Real Estate Commodities & Futures Currencies Deals Financial Services Funds Stocks Your Money Columns & Blogs Heard on the Street MoneyBeat Wealth Adviser Ahead of the Tape More CFO Journal Journal Report Market Data Markets Video Markets Podcast MoneyBeat Podcast Heard on the Street Podcast Watching Your Wealth Podcast Opinion Sections Arts in Review Book Reviews Commentary Editorials Letters to the Editor Columns & Blogs Best of the Web Columnists Morning Editorial Report Peggy Noonan Political Diary More Opinion Video Potomac Watch Podcast Foreign Edition Podcast Arts Sections Arts in Review Books Blogs Speakeasy More Arts Video WSJ. Magazine Speakeasy Podcast Life Sections Careers Cars Food & Drink Health Ideas Real Estate Science Sports Style & Fashion Travel Blogs Off Duty Daily The Daily Fix More Life Video WSJ. Magazine WSJ Puzzles Off Duty Podcast The Future of Everything Real Estate Sections Commercial Real Estate House of the Day Mansion More Real Estate Video Search SEARCH → Subscribe Sign In SpaceX Launches Rocket With 10 Iridium Satellites To Win Back Customers, Fashion House Fendi Thinks Small Trial Reveals Pitfalls of Whistleblower Claims From In-House Lawyers Ringling Bros. Circus to Close After 146 Years How Electric Vehicles Could End Car Ownership as We Know It Wanda Group, Owned by China’s Richest Man, Suffers Rare Off Year Fiat Chrysler CEO Faces Uphill Battle With Emissions Probe Lockheed Martin ‘Close’ To New F-35 Deal Renault Investigated Over Emissions Supreme Court to Weigh How Soon Firms Can Sell Copycat Biotech Drugs Takata Executives Criminally Charged in U.S. Probe of Faulty Air Bags Save Article Sign In to Save Subscribe to WSJ Text Size Regular Medium Large Google+ Print Business Wal-Mart Plans New Round of Job Cuts Retailer to eliminate nearly 1,000 jobs before the end of January By Sarah Nassauer Sarah Nassauer The Wall Street Journal BiographySarah Nassauer @sarahnassauer sarahnassauer Sarah.Nassauer@wsj.com Updated Jan. 10, 2017 7:04 p.m. ET Wal-Mart Stores Inc. is preparing to cut nearly 1,000 corporate jobs before the end of the month, according to an executive familiar with the situation, as the world’s biggest retailer works to cut costs and shift its focus to e-commerce. It plans to eliminate the jobs before the end of its fiscal year on Jan. 31, the person said. The cuts will fall broadly but are expected to focus on Wal-Mart’s U.S. operations, including the human... To Read the Full Story, Subscribe or Sign In Most Popular Videos SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion Ringling Bros. Circus to Close After 146 Years Protesters Organize Nationwide 'Day of Action' Mercedes and Lexus: Two Luxury Premieres in Detroit Opinion Journal: Climate Change Meltdown Most Popular Articles More Democratic Legislators Plan on Sitting Out Trump’s Swearing-In Immigrant-Rights Rallies Held in 50 U.S. Cities Opinion: Trump May Herald a New Political Order Opinion: The ‘Deplorables’ Aren’t So Bad, Once You Get to Know Us How Electric Vehicles Could End Car Ownership as We Know It Popular on WSJ Most Popular Videos SpaceX Launches First Rocket Since Explosion Ringling Bros. Circus to Close After 146 Years Protesters Organize Nationwide 'Day of Action' Mercedes and Lexus: Two Luxury Premieres in Detroit Opinion Journal: Climate Change Meltdown Most Popular Articles More Democratic Legislators Plan on Sitting Out Trump’s Swearing-In Immigrant-Rights Rallies Held in 50 U.S. Cities Opinion: Trump May Herald a New Political Order Opinion: The ‘Deplorables’ Aren’t So Bad, Once You Get to Know Us How Electric Vehicles Could End Car Ownership as We Know It Wall Street Journal U.S. Edition U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Edition: U.S. Asia Europe India América Latina Brasil 中国 (China) 日本 (Japan) Text Size: Small Medium Large Subscribe NowSign In WSJ Membership Benefits Download WSJ Apps Customer Center Legal Policies Subscribe Sign In TOP« WSJ Membership WSJ+ Membership Benefits Digital Subscription Print Subscription Print and Digital Subscription Why Subscribe? Download WSJ Apps for iOS and Android Corporate Subscriptions Professor Journal Student Journal Customer Service Customer Center Live Help Redesign Guided Tour Notice to Subscribers Tools & Features Emails & Alerts Guides My News RSS Feeds Topics Video Center Watchlist Podcasts Ads Advertise Advertise Locally Commercial Real Estate Ads Place a Classified Ad Sell Your Business Sell Your Home Recruitment & Career Ads More Content Partnerships Corrections Jobs at WSJ News Archive Register for Free Reprints Facebook Twitter Google+ YouTube Podcasts Snapchat GooglePlay AppStore Windows10 Dow Jones Products Barron's BigCharts DJX Dow Jones Newswires Factiva Financial News Mansion Global MarketWatch Private Markets realtor.com Risk & Compliance WSJ Conference WSJ Pro Central Banking WSJ Video WSJ Wine Privacy Policy Cookie Policy Copyright Policy Data Policy Subscriber Agreement & Terms of Use Your Ad Choices Copyright ©2017 Dow Jones & Company, Inc. All Rights Reserved.
Attorney says former Clarksville police officer takes responsibi - WDRB 41 Louisville News Member Center: Create Account| Log In Manage Account| Log Out SITE SEARCHWEB SEARCH BY Election Coverage Slideshows WDRB Traffic Contests TV Schedule Contact Us WDRB Jobs WDRB News Staff WDRB Live Stream Crime Reports BE OUR GUEST In-Depth WDRB Traffic Strange Contests Entertainment WDRB Video Jefferson Awards WDRB Weather Team Radar Weather Blog Watches and Warnings Snow Fox Closings/Text Alerts WDRB Traffic Contests Bozich & Crawford U of L Sports UK Sports IU Sports Kentucky Sports Headlines Indiana Sports Headlines WDRB Sports Team Contests WDRB Traffic Snow Fox Text Alerts Food & Recipes Topics and Talkers Guests Bill Lamb's Point of View David Shribman Contests Jefferson Awards Small Business Speakers' Bureau Contests Higher Education, High Finance Popular Topics in Education Contests Good Folks Coffee Butchertown Grocery Speakers' Bureau Contract With Each Other Contests Contract With Advertisers Contract With Viewers Contract With Each Other Viewer Feedback News Tips WDRB News Staff WDRB Sales Staff Speakers' Bureau Attorney says former Clarksville police officer takes responsibility for shoplifting, but doesn't plead guilty Posted: Tuesday, January 10, 2017 12:17 PM EST Updated: Tuesday, January 10, 2017 4:09 PM EST By Gil Corsey BioEmail Connect Biography gcorsey@fox41.com Follow @gcorsey Most Popular StoriesMost Popular StoriesMore>> Local teens win pair of new Chevy Camaros Local teens win pair of new Chevy Camaros Updated: Sunday, April 10 2016 9:58 AM EDT2016-04-10 13:58:20 GMT The teenagers found out in March they had won and were able to drive their cars home on Saturday. More >> The teenagers found out in March they had won and were able to drive their cars home on Saturday.More >> Butchertown Grocery named one of the best new restaurants in the country Butchertown Grocery named one of the best new restaurants in the country Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 10:19 AM EST2017-01-15 15:19:31 GMT Butchertown Grocery has been named as the second best new restaurant in the country by USA TODAY's Readers' Choice awards. More >> Butchertown Grocery has been named as the second best new restaurant in the country by USA TODAY's Readers' Choice awards. More >> BOZICH | Even Pitino pleased by Louisville's defense in Duke win BOZICH | Even Pitino pleased by Louisville's defense in Duke win Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 5:42 AM EST2017-01-15 10:42:23 GMT This Donovan Mitchell steal from Duke's Grayson Allen stirred a second-half surge by Louisville. (AP Photo.) Louisville forced Duke into 18 a season-high turnovers and limited the Blue Devils to five three-point field goals (tying their season low) by defeating the Blue Devils, 78-69.More >> Louisville forced Duke into 18 a season-high turnovers and limited the Blue Devils to five three-point field goals (tying their season low) by defeating the Blue Devils, 78-69.More >> Feds arrest Seymour man on the run since 1999 for child abduction and rape Feds arrest Seymour man on the run since 1999 for child abduction and rape Updated: Friday, January 13 2017 3:53 PM EST2017-01-13 20:53:54 GMT A man wanted in the 1999 abduction and sexual assault of a 10-year-old girl from Seymour was arrested in at a Walmart in Oregon earlier this week.  More >> A man wanted in the 1999 abduction and sexual assault of a 10-year-old girl from Seymour was arrested in at a Walmart in Oregon earlier this week. More >> Louisville man arrested for reportedly sexually abusing 14-year-old girl Louisville man arrested for reportedly sexually abusing 14-year-old girl Updated: Friday, January 13 2017 4:38 PM EST2017-01-13 21:38:44 GMT Christopher Simpson Christopher Simpson, 34, is charged with two counts of sodomy and three counts of first degree abuse.More >> Christopher Simpson, 34, is charged with two counts of sodomy and three counts of first degree abuse.More >> Pence urges Americans to unite on Inauguration Day, says he's 'disappointed' in Lewis' comments Pence urges Americans to unite on Inauguration Day, says he's 'disappointed' in Lewis' comments Updated: Sunday, January 15 2017 11:25 AM EST2017-01-15 16:25:50 GMT “Donald Trump won this election fair and square,” Pence told “Fox News Sunday.” “The American people know that.”More >> “Donald Trump won this election fair and square,” Pence told “Fox News Sunday.” “The American people know that.”More >>    LOUISVILLE, Ky. (WDRB) -- The officer who resigned from the Clarksville Police Department plans to take full responsibility for shoplifting from Walmart, according to his lawyer, but he's not pleading guilty. Mike Popplewell made his first court appearance Tuesday morning on three theft charges. Court records say that on Black Friday weekend, Popplewell is seen on surveillance video stealing a Fitbit, then returning it. He's also accused of taking toys and jewelry from the Walmart on Veterans Parkway. Popplewell was freelancing as a security officer for the store. Last month he resigned from the Clarksville Police Department, and last week gave up his seat on the Clark County Council. "He realized what he did was wrong, so I would suggest right now Michael Popplewell's penalty and punishment for what he did far exceeds what a normal person would expect, because what he's done is he's, on his own volition, given up a career," said attorney Larry Wilder. Popplewell did not plead guilty this morning, but he plans to put up no defense.  "People make bad, bad decisions -- and there's not a lot of reasons why it happens sometimes," Wilder said. "He just got up one morning and made a bad decision." But will Popplewell's more recent decisions get him leniency for the crime? Prosecutor Jeremy Mull says no, though jail time is not likely.  "I want the public to understand that this matter will be treated like all other matters similar to this," Mull said, before adding that, "many times in these cases, if it is the first offense -- shoplifting with no criminal history -- my office would offer a pre-trial diversion, or an offer of misdemeanor probation." But Tuesday brought no resolution to the case. Popplewell is so familiar in the community and courtroom circles -- he even served as a resource officer for Clarksville Community Schools -- that Judge Joseph Weber had to recuse himself from the case. When asked why the former officer didn't just plead guilty, Wilder had one answer. "Because smart lawyers and good lawyers don't let clients do what they want to do." The state will appoint a new judge from outside Clark County. Popplewell is due in court again next month. Copyright 2017 by WDRB News. All rights reserved. Sign Up for WDRB's Sports Newsletter Email Address * Logged in as: Log intoMember Center Not you?Log out * denotes required fields WDRB%20Sports%20Newsletter Thank you for signing up! You will receive a confirmation email shortly. Closed CaptioningMore>> Closed Captioning Message Thanks to support from Norton Healthcare, this story and others are available in real-time closed captioning on WDRB. Thanks to support from Norton Healthcare, this story and others are available in real-time closed captioning on WDRB.More >> WDRB NEWS Home Kentucky News Indiana News National News Entertainment Weather WDRB Traffic Business Sports WDRB in the Morning Keith Kaiser Out and About News Team WDRB-TV Point of View Sales Team Programming Information Gas Prices Contests Events WDRB Jobs Facebook Partners Norton Healthcare WMYO-TV WBRT 1320 AM WBKI-TV 624 W. Muhammad Ali Blvd Louisville, KY 40203 Contact Us Advertise with Us Closed Captioning WDRB FCC Online Public File EEO Report For online public file assistance, contact: Harry Beam hbeam@wdrb.com (502) 584-6441 All content © Copyright 2000 - 2017 WDRB. All Rights Reserved. For more information on this site, please read our Privacy Policy, and Terms of Service, and Ad Choices.
null
null
Discover: Subscribe More Menu Log In or Register News Retail & Financial Executive Changes Issues & Trends The New Consumer Product Categories Top 75 Retailers & Wholesalers Top 50 Small Chains & Independents SN Viewpoints Subscribe About Us Contact Subscribe Store Digital Edition Advertise Privacy Policy Terms of Service Ad Choices Search Log In Register Recent Recent Sobeys names Medline new CEO Jan 13, 2017 Sutton to join Kroger board Jan 12, 2017 Online retailers to take part in SNAP pilot Jan 10, 2017 Family Dollar taps Mac Naughton as president Jan 10, 2017 Brewer to depart as Sam’s Club CEO Jan 06, 2017 Featured Disruptors 2016: FoodKick Dec 06, 2016 Disruptors 2016: Jerry Wolfe, Vivanda Dec 06, 2016 Disruptors 2016: Betsy Babcock, Handsome Brook Farm Dec 06, 2016 Disruptors 2016: Brandie Miller, Grocery Outlet Dec 06, 2016 Joe Raedle/Staff/Getty Images News News>Executive Changes Family Dollar taps Mac Naughton as president Philbin promoted; former Supervalu CEO Sales succeeding Mac Naughton Jon Springer | Jan 10, 2017 Duncan Mac Naughton, the former U.S. chief merchant at Wal-Mart Stores, has been appointed president and COO of Family Dollar, parent company Dollar Tree said. Mac Naughton is taking over that role from Gary Philbin, who has been promoted to enterprise president of Dollar Tree. Philbin oversaw the development of strategic initiatives and the successful achievement of budgetary, synergy, and transition goals following Dollar Tree's acquisition of Family Dollar in July 2015. In a statement, Philbin said Mac Naughton “will be instrumental in continuing to develop and improve the Family Dollar banner through an intense focus on the customer.” Mac Naughton, 54, most recently served as CEO of Mills Fleet Farm, a 36-store discount retailer based in Appleton, Wisc. He has held numerous leadership roles at Wal-Mart Stores including chief merchandising officer for Walmart US from 2011-2014; EVP of consumables, health and wellness and Walmart.com from 2010 to 2011 and chief merchandising officer at Walmart Canada from 2009 to 2010. Prior to his experience at Walmart, Mac Naughton served as Supervalu’s president of merchandising and marketing. In his new role, Philbin’s responsibilities will include store operations, merchandising, marketing and real estate across all banners including Dollar Tree, Family Dollar and Dollar Tree Canada. He will continue to report to Bob Sasser, CEO. Mills Fleet Farm, which operates discount variety stores that sell sporting goods, farm equipment and auto accessories in the Upper Midwest, said Mac Naughton would be succeeded by Wayne Sales as interim CEO. Sales currently serves on Mills Fleet’s board of directors. From 2012 to 2013, Sales served as chairman, CEO and president of Supervalu. TAGS: Retail & Financial Marketing 3 comments Hide comments Comment * More information about text formats Text format CommentsPlain text Comments Allowed HTML tags: <em> <strong> <blockquote> <br> <p> Plain text No HTML tags allowed. Web page addresses and e-mail addresses turn into links automatically. Lines and paragraphs break automatically. PublishLog in or register to comment Home page Save Related Are ethnic supermarkets the next Sprouts?Jan 12, 2017 Gallery: New Market 32 opens in New YorkJan 12, 2017 Viewpoint: Capitalizing on the online wellness trendJan 09, 2017 Retailers tie in to healthy resolutionsJan 04, 2017 Load More About Us Contact Subscribe Ad Choices Sitemap Privacy Policy Terms of Service Copyright © 2017 Penton
Toggle navigation Entertainment All Entertainment TV Movies Covers Music Sports Cars Culture All Culture Fashion Beauty Travel Food Education Black Hair Cocktail & Beer News All News Business Politics Health Real Estate Criminal Behavior Obituaries Publisher's Blog Promotions Videos Videos Photos Rollingout × Search News Reward for Orlando man who gunned down female cop outside Walmart By Yvette Caslin  |  January 10, 2017 10:24 AM EST  |  4 Orlando Master Sgt. Debra Clayton (l.) was shot and killed outside of a Walmart Monday. Police are still searching for accused gunman Markeith Loyd (r.) (ORANGE COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE) Markeith Loyd, 41, is armed and dangerous, according to reports. A Florida fugitive and felon, Loyd is a suspect in the December murder of his pregnant girlfriend, Sade Dixon, 24. She was shot at the front door of her home located in West Orange County on Dec. 3, 2016. Her brother Ronald Steward, 26, was also wounded in the December gun attack. On Nov. 30, Loyd wrote on his Facebook page, “Goals!!!! To be on Americas most wanted.” He’s achieved that sordid goal. Hundreds of law enforcement officers scoured Orlando overnight looking for the madman. On Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, Loyd opened fire on Orlando Master Sgt. Debra Clayton just after 7 a.m. after she recognized him as a wanted murder suspect. She confronted him, yelled for him to “stop.” Instead, he opened fire. She returned fire but missed. Clayton was on duty, in uniform and wearing body armor when she started chasing Loyd. Backup officers who arrived 28 seconds later tried to save Clayton with CPR, according to the city, but she was pronounced dead at 7:40 a.m. at Orlando Regional Medical Center. The Orange County Sheriff’s Office reported he fired at a deputy, who was not injured, and carjacked a vehicle before running off. Orange County Sheriff’s Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was killed in a motorcycle crash during the manhunt. (ORANGE COUNTY SHERIFF’S OFFICE) A second law enforcement officer, deputy Norman Lewis, 35, an 11-year Sheriff’s Office veteran and former football player at the University of Central Florida, was killed 2.5 hours after the shooting. He was responding to the call, traveling on his motorcycle when he was struck by a van, the Florida Highway Patrol said. A reward of up to $60K was offered for information on the suspect’s location, and the manhunt, featuring a SWAT team, focused on an apartment complex. Share this: Tweet More Email Print More on rollingout.com No Related Posts Yet! Yvette Caslin I'm a writer, image architect & significance marketer. Love photojournalism, creative expression & originality. Follow @sistarazzi FuZ So how many people did he kill? He’s trash and I wonder if he’ll be brought in alive? Chuck Article is poorly written. Was this creep driving the van when the officer on the motorcycle was killed? FuZ I read it twice and I have no idea. Maybe because the officer on the bike was chasing him and he was hit by someone else. I am more confused about it now than I was before I read it. hidaya His life isn’t worth a trial. I hate how the good ones die while the thugs live on! Most Talked About Why are people calling Steve Harvey a coon for meeting with Trump? 25 Fake teen doctor arrested again for another scam 8 Featured Video Jasmine Guy, Rick Fox are guest stars on the season finale of ‘K.C. Undercover’ 2 days ago Featured Photos Capturing President Obama’s farewell address in Chicago 4 days ago   1st family photo: Teen kidnapped at birth reunites with biological parents Donald Trump disrespects civil rights icon John Lewis during MLK weekend 4 Alleged sexual abuse leads 12-year-old to commit suicide 2 Teen defends woman who kidnapped her from hospital at birth and raised her 5 Jennifer Holliday blasted after Trump’s team claims her inauguration attendance 2 DOJ proves Chicago police practiced racism and violence in Black communities 1 Black woman featured as Lady Liberty on new gold coin 2 Girl held at gunpoint by 12-year-old for chicken nuggets 4 Black high school student arrested for racist Twitter posts 1 6 children killed in Baltimore house fire Backpage reluctantly takes action after being tied to sex trafficking 1 4 Chicago torture suspects denied bail; attorneys defend their character © Rolling Out. Contact Us Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. marketing automation
Open search form Log In / Create an Account Toggle navigation linkedin facebook twitter rss X/SPECS SPECS Show Chain Store Age ﻿ Retail News opener Finance C-Suite Omnichannel opener Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations opener Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments opener Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate opener Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights opener Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Magazine Archive ﻿ Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers ﻿ Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Sam’s Club taps company veteran as new CEO January 10, 2017 | By Marianne Wilson Wal-Mart Stores has appointed John Furner to succeed Rosalind Brewer, who is retiring as chief executive of Sams’ Club next month. Furner will assume the role of executive VP, president and CEO of the warehouse club chain on Feb. 1.   Furner, 42, has served as executive VP and chief merchandising officer of Sam’s Club since October 2015. Prior to that, he served in a variety of roles with the company, including senior VP and chief merchandising officer of Walmart China; senior VP, home and apparel and global sourcing; and senior VP, proprietary brands and merchandising solutions.   Furner joined Walmart as an hourly store associate in 1993 and served in a variety of roles before being promoted to VP/divisional merchandise manager in 2006. Login or Register to post a comment. ﻿ Newsletter Sign Up Get the latest news sent to your inbox   Popular Most Commented Sears sells top brand, closing more stores Top 10 Women in Retail Tech Closing time for The Limited stores Walmart’s Jet.com acquires Zappos competitor Macy’s details store closings, restructuring amid poor holiday sales Rebecca Minkoff puts virtual mirror into shoppers hands Target axes kids’ shopping carts Unusual deal gives Aeropostale new lease on life — and it just got better Flip-Flop Shops on the move Target first out of the gate with holiday hiring plans Solutions Spotlight Taking Stock of Retail’s Analytics Capabilities When it comes to using data and analytics to drive business results, where does the retail industry stand relative to other industries? And more importantly, where does your company stand against a retail industry index?  Click here to view the webinar. Poll Poll Do you expect the Republican party’s proposed tax reforms will help or hurt the retailing industry? Help Hurt Very little impact Not sure Hot Concepts Amazon opens a self-driving styled convenience store — with no checkouts Celebrity to debut her first standalone store Sarah Jessica Parker will be among the retail tenants at a new luxury retail... Furniture giant opens first-ever retail store Furniture manufacturer Herman Miller continues its transformation from a... More Hot Concepts Surveys/Studies Retail Next: The biggest, busiest shopping days of the year will be… Move over Black Friday.   The biggest shopping day in terms of... Forecast calls for early holiday blitz in stores Nearly half of holiday shoppers will hit the stores before Nov. 1 — and... Report: Brands aren’t prepared to excel at e-commerce With an eye on merging the physical and virtual shopping experience, too many... Trending Stores Saks Fifth Avenue, New York City Saks has given over the 14 storefront windows of its Fifth Avenue flagship to United Airlines to help promote United’s new Polaris business class cabin. More...   More Multimedia Retail News Finance C-Suite Omnichannel Business Intelligence/Analytics Mobility Ecommerce ERP/CRM Marketing/Social Media Operations Supply Chain Workforce POS/Payments Security/Risk Inventory Store Environments Design/Construction Facilities Lighting/Flooring/Signage Energy/HVAC Real Estate Deals Tenant Update Development/Redevelopment Insights Webinars Special Reports White Papers Research Guest Commentary Featured Partners Video/Media Hot Concepts Trending Stores Webinars White Papers Subscribe Advertise Reprints/Reuse Contact Us Privacy Policy Footer Content LEBHAR FRIEDMAN Lebhar-Friedman websites Retail Group Chain Store Age Drug Store News Drug Store News CE HBS Dealer Events - Retail ProDealer Industry Summit SPECS Executive SPECS Golden Hammer Awards   International IP Mark Restauracion News D/A Retail Consumer Media Health Events Live   © 2017 Chain Store Age. All Rights Reserved.
View mobile site View mobile site Follow us on         Tulsa's 24-Hour News, Weather and Traffic Hi, (not you?) | Member Center | Sign Out Sign In | Register recent on-air advertisers Now Playing Now PlayingNews-Talk 740 KRMG Tulsa's 24-Hour News, ... Listen Live Search Home News Top Stories Oklahoma News US News World News Breaking News Text Alerts Weather 5-Day Forecast KRMG NexRad HD Radar Severe Weather Preparedness TAKE ACTION: Avoid illness during the summer heat Winter Weather Tips Severe Weather Text Alerts School/Business/Church Closings LIVE StormCenter Chase Cameras Traffic Accidents in Tulsa Current ODOT Construction Projects Traffic Cameras Find the lowest gas prices Accident Report Form Red Alert Traffic Notifications The KRMG Morning News Behind the Scenes Blog JAMIE DUPREE Jamie Dupree on Twitter Inside KRMG Air Staff Submit A News Tip KRMG Insider Newsletter Event Guide Community Page How To Advertise On KRMG Concerts Contact Us CoxHSHub.com Tulsa Live Events Union Football Shows KRMG Morning News Herman Cain Rush Limbaugh Sean Hannity KRMG Evening News Clark Howard Kilmeade & Friends The Dana Show Chad Benson Show Wheels Car Care Show KRMG.com Presents Voices of Oklahoma Radio KRMG Ask the Experts Weekend The KRMG Gardening Show Contests The KRMG App KRMG TEXT ALERTS Breaking News Alerts Weather Alerts Red Alert Traffic - transitioning to app! 3 Big Things Home   >  AP   >  US Updated: 6:05 p.m. Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017 | Posted: 6:05 p.m. Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017 Reward raised for capture of suspect in officer killing Related View Larger  Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) View Larger  Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) View Larger  Florida Highway Patrol Troopers secure the scene after Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was struck and killed by a vehicle in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in the crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) View Larger  Friends and colleagues console each other following the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in the line of duty in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) View Larger  Law enforcement officers search an apartment complex for a suspect near where a police officer was shot and killed, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. (AP Photo/John Raoux) View Larger  Law enforcement officers search an area for a suspect near where a police officer was shot and killed, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017, in Orlando, Fla. (AP Photo/John Raoux) By MIKE SCHNEIDER and TERRANCE HARRIS The Associated Press ORLANDO, Fla. — Authorities raised to $100,000 the reward for information leading to the arrest of a suspect in the fatal shooting of an Orlando police sergeant on Tuesday as he eluded hundreds of officers on the second day of a massive manhunt. Authorities advised that arrest warrants were being prepared for people who may have helped 41-year-old Markeith Loyd evade deputies in the past month as they searched for him for questioning in the slaying of his pregnant ex-girlfriend in December. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot Monday morning after she approached Loyd in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store in northwest Orlando. Many of her colleagues immediately joined the pursuit; among them was a sheriff's deputy who died when he was thrown from his motorcycle in an accident. More than 300 tips from the public have been made, said Barb Bergin, executive director of Crimeline, the tip-line service which is offering the reward, originally set for $60,000. "We have never burned or harmed a tipster. They are kept anonymous," Bergin said in a plea for more tips. "We will not identify you. We just need to know where he is so no one else is hurt." Orange County Sheriff's Office deputies in metro Orlando had been looking for Loyd since his ex-girlfriend was killed. "Certainly it's upsetting he was out and about and killed Debra Clayton, our first homicide in the city of Orlando this year, one of the officers protecting our community," said Mina. Orlando Police confirmed that Clayton was one of the officers who responded to the shooting at Pulse nightclub in which 49 patrons were killed. Last June's massacre in Orlando was the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Clayton, who was married and has a college-aged son, also was known for her mentoring of young people and her involvement in the community in which she had grown up. In the Wal-Mart parking lot Tuesday morning, shoppers laid more than two dozen bouquets of flowers, teddy bears and candles in a makeshift memorial. Some shoppers, like Hal Shore, stopped to say a prayer or take a photo. "It's important that the country is aware that there is a war against police officers," said Shore, a cabinet maker. An apartment complex that was the focus of the manhunt Monday afternoon didn't appear to have any police searches going on Tuesday morning. Some front doors were boarded up from being kicked in Monday because residents weren't home when authorities came knocking. "I'm confident he is gone," said Ida Seck, a resident who had worked with Clayton in her job as a security officer at Universal Orlando Resort. "For things like this to happen, yeah I'm scared for safety and my son's safety but really there is nothing you can do." Court documents show Loyd's criminal record goes back two decades. He was arrested in 1996 on a murder charge that was later dropped. Loyd was arrested for battery on an officer in 1998 and sentenced to more than four years in prison. While behind bars, he pleaded guilty to cocaine possession from a prior case and was transferred to federal prison before being released in July 2014, according to federal records. More recently, his wife whom he is in the process of divorcing, had filed a request for a temporary injunction against him in 2015, and he followed with a similar request against her three days later. Both requests were eventually dismissed in court. He also had paternity suits from three different women filed against him. His Facebook profile had videos of him working out at a gym and hanging out at a nightclub. He said in a November post, "Goals!!!! To be on Americas (sic) most wanted," followed by a series of laughing-with-tears emojis. An Orange County Sheriff's Office deputy was killed more than two hours after Monday's shooting when a van collided with his motorcycle as he responded to the manhunt. Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings described the 35-year-old Norman Lewis as "a gentle giant," and the sheriff's office said he had played football for the University of Central Florida before joining the agency 11 years ago. Funerals were planned for Lewis for Friday and Clayton for Saturday. Copyright The Associated Press     Newsletters RSS Feeds Mobile @KRMGTulsa Trending News Trump cancels MLK Day visit to National African American Museum John Lewis on Donald Trump: 'Almost impossible for me to work with him' Teen abducted at birth shares song about alleged kidnapper Man reels in massive 800-pound bluefin tuna 5 things to know about Ringling Bros. and Barnum & Bailey Circus   News/Weather/Traffic News Weather Traffic Event Guide Events Follow and Share RSS Feeds Advertisers and Sponsors How to Advertise Recent on-air advertisers Cars at Autotrader Local Services at Kudzu Valpak Tulsa Coupons Rare - America's News Feed About Us Contact Us Work With Us EEOC Statement Help Audio Help Video Help Search Help   © 2017 Cox Media Group. By using this website, you accept the terms of our Visitor Agreement and Privacy Policy, and understand your options regarding Ad Choices. Learn about careers at Cox Media Group   View mobile site View mobile site Enterprise Feedback Management Survey Software Sign In / Register Sign in with your existing account {* loginWidget *} Sign in with your email {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? {* /userInformationForm *} New User?Create a New Account Sign In / Register Welcome Back {* welcomeName *} {* loginWidget *} Use another account Sign In / Register Welcome back. Please sign in {* #userInformationForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* traditionalSignIn_password *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} Forgot your password? Use another account {* /userInformationForm *} You're Almost Done! Select a display name and password {* #socialRegistrationForm *} {* socialRegistration_displayName *} {* socialRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* socialRegistration_signInButton *} {* /socialRegistrationForm *} Create a New Account Select a display name and password Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationForm *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddress *} {* traditionalRegistration_password *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirm *} Tell us about yourself {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Create a New Account Already have an account? Sign In {* #registrationFormBlank *} {* registration_firstName *} {* registration_lastName *} {* traditionalRegistration_displayName *} {* traditionalRegistration_emailAddressBlank *} {* registration_birthday *} {* registration_gender *} {* registration_postalZip *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordBlank *} {* traditionalRegistration_passwordConfirmBlank *} *Indicates Required Field {* agreeToTerms *} {* backButton *} {* createAccountButton *} {* /registrationForm *} Thank you for registering! We have sent you a confirmation email. Please check your email and click on the link to activate your account. Close Thank you for registering! We look forward to seeing you frequently. Visit us and sign in to update your profile, receive the latest news and keep up to date with mobile alerts. Close Create a new password Don't worry, it happens. We'll send you a link to create a new password. {* #forgotPasswordForm *} {* forgotPassword_emailAddress *} {* backButton *} {* forgotPassword_sendButton *} {* /forgotPasswordForm *} Email sent We have sent you an email with a link to change your password. Close Create a new password We've sent an email with instructions to create a new password. Your existing password has not been changed. Close {* mergeAccounts *} Sign in to complete account merge {* #tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} {* traditionalSignIn_emailAddress *} {* mergePassword *} {* backButton *} {* traditionalSignIn_signInButton *} {* /tradAuthenticateMergeForm *} Resend Email Verification To sign in you must verify your email address. Fill out the form below and we'll send you an email to verify. {* #resendVerificationForm *} {* resendVerification_emailAddress *} {* newPasswordFormButton *} {* /resendVerificationForm *} Your Verification Email Has Been Sent Check your email for a link to verify your email address. Sign in
Trending: JOHN LEWIS JOE BIDEN RUSSIA STEVEN MCDONALD JEFF SESSIONS Sections Sections Home Home New York NYC Crime Bronx Brooklyn Manhattan Queens Education Weather Obituaries Sports Yankees Mets Giants Jets Knicks Nets Rangers Islanders Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College The Score More Sports News Crime U.S. World Politics Entertainment Gossip Crosswords Entertainment Pics TV Movies Music Theater & Arts Horoscopes Daily Weekly Monthly Lifestyle Health Food Viva Opinion Autos Buyer's Guide Ratings & Reviews News & Views Photos & Galleries Covers Classifieds Trending: JOHN LEWIS JOE BIDEN RUSSIA STEVEN MCDONALD JEFF SESSIONS New York Daily News news Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Subscribe Follow UsNewsletter App Subscriptions Subscribe Get Our Newsletter A daily blend of the most need-to-know Daily News stories, delivered right to your inbox. Sign Up Get the latest breaking news, entertainment, sports and more.Download Our App Subscribe to the newspaper, our e-edition, or both.Subscribe Select Sport Football Basketball Baseball Hockey Soccer College More Sports Crime U.S. World Politics Share This facebook Tweet email Reward for info on Orlando fugitive accused of killing Debra Clayton raised to $100,000 Reward in Debra Clayton Orlando cop killing raised to $100,000 BY Christopher Brennan Meg Wagner NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Updated: Tuesday, January 10, 2017, 4:07 PM facebook Tweet email Orlando Master Sgt. Debra Clayton (l.) was shot and killed outside of a Walmart Monday. Police are still searching for accused gunman Markeith Loyd (r.) (Orange County Sheriff's Office) BY Christopher Brennan Meg Wagner NEW YORK DAILY NEWS Updated: Tuesday, January 10, 2017, 4:07 PM The award for information about the Florida fugitive accused of fatally shooting the police officer who recognized him has been raised to $100,000 as the manhunt for him enters its second day. Hundreds of law enforcement officers scoured Orlando overnight looking for Markeith Loyd, who has been on the run since the Monday morning shooting in front of an Orlando Walmart. He is armed and dangerous, police said. Loyd, 41, opened fire on Orlando Master Sgt. Debra Clayton just after 7 a.m. when she confronted him outside the megastore, police said. She was on duty and in uniform, and started chasing Loyd when someone at the store recognized him as the wanted suspect in the December murder of his pregnant girlfriend, the Orlando Sentinel reported. Orlando police officer shot dead near Walmart, manhunt for gunman When Clayton yelled, “Stop!” at Loyd, he shot her, police said. The suspect fled the scene, and Clayton was rushed to a hospital, where she was pronounced dead. Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was killed in a motorcycle crash during the manhunt. (Orange County Sheriff's Office) During the manhunt Monday, two Orange County deputies were involved in motorcycle crashes. Deputy Norman Lewis, 35, died after a van struck him. Minutes later, Deputy Nelson Borjas suffered minor injuries in an unrelated motorcycle wreck. On Tuesday Orlando Police Chief John Mina said that arrest warrants are being prepared for those who may have helped Loyd avoid police. The hunt for the accused killer has been underway for weeks. Loyd is wanted for allegedly fatally shooting his 24-year-old pregnant girlfriend, Sade Dixon, in December. Her brother, 26-year-old Ronald Steward, was also wounded in the December gun attack. Police said they have received more than 300 tips since Monday, and more than $16,000 has been raised on a GoFundMe page for Clayton's family. Orange County Sheriff's officers block the entrance to a Walmart near the scene where a police officer was shot, Monday. (John Raoux/AP) A funeral for Clayton, who was also one of the first responders after the Pulse nightclub shooting in June, will be held on Saturday. Clayton was married and had a son in college, Orlando Police Chief John Mina said. Norman Lewis, an Orange County deputy searching for Loyd on his motorcycle, was killed in a car crash during the manhunt, and will be remembered at a funeral on Friday. With News Wire Services Tags: florida police officers shot gun violence Send a Letter to the Editor Join the Conversation: facebook Tweet Get Daily News stories, delivered to your inbox. Sign Up Follow Us Facebook Twitter Instagram Pinterest YouTube Support Subscribe Contact Us Terms of Service Privacy Policy Keep in Touch Newsletter Apps Subscribe Feeds Support & Contact Contact Us Careers Site Map Terms of Use Ad Choices Terms of Service Privacy Policy Advertising Media Kit Place An Ad Special Sections Daily News Covers © Copyright 2017 NYDailyNews.com. All rights reserved.
Home News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Report It! Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live 33° F Overcast Hi: 35° F Lo: 34° F Radar Forecast Closings & Delays 3 Weather Alerts 4 Closings Menu Skip to content   Home News News News Links Local News Kansas National International Traffic Politics Entertainment Hollywood Today Live Live Stream Photo Galleries Certified Good News Latest Headlines Semi loses control and almost hits Kansas Highway Patrolman 5:00 pm Trooper William Poland was traveling east on I-70 in Russell County as a semi-truck, driving too fast for the icy conditions, lost control. … Thousands attend US rallies to support Obama health law 3:53 pm Labor unions were a strong presence at the rally in a parking lot at Macomb County Community College in the Detroit suburb of Warren, where … Parts of Kansas deal with ice 2:48 pm Widow of slain Oregon standoff leader carries on his mission 12:51 pm Nowhere left to run away to: The final days of the circus 12:04 pm Weather Weather Radar Current Conditions Forecast Satellite WeatherCams Closings & Delays Current Alerts Matt’s Blog Weather Photos Text Alerts KSNT Storm Track Weather App Current Conditions 33° F Overcast Feels Like: 24° F Wind: ENE 12 Humidity: 89% Dewpoint: 30° F Sunrise: 7:40 AM Sunset: 5:24 PM Current Weather Radar 7 Day Sponsored by: Sports Sports Full Court Press Local Sports NCAA Hoops NFL NBA NCAA Football MLB Auto Racing Golf NHL Football Frenzy Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Lewis, Willock lead K-State WBB over Oklahoma State January 14, 2017 STILLWATER, Okla. (AP) — Breanna Lewis scored 15 points, Eternati Willock had her first career double-double and No. 25 Kansas State defeate… No. 2 Kansas tops pesky Oklahoma State January 14, 2017 Kansas travels to Ames, Iowa to take on the Iowa State on Monday. Lecomte helps No. 1 Baylor hold off No. 25 K-State January 14, 2017 Full Court Press 01/13/17 January 13, 2017 Chiefs/Steelers playoff game moved to 7:20 p.m. Sunday January 13, 2017 Report It! Community Community Community Calendar Morning Coffee Club Quiz Show Official Contest Rules Obituaries Pro Football Challenge Scholar Athlete of the Week Latest Headlines Local organization helps area children see circus for free January 12, 2017 The annual ticket giveaway is part of the Shriner’s mission to provide entertainment programs for children. Kansas City Triple Shooting January 1, 2017 Kansas City police are investigating three separate triple shootings in a violent New Year’s holiday weekend. Community mourns the loss of a 6-year-old who died in a fire December 28, 2016 Fight at West Ridge Mall December 27, 2016 Wichita man surprises military family with Christmas display December 22, 2016 Watch Live Stream TV Schedule KSNT-TV NBC KTKA-TV ABC KTMJ-TV FOX Northeast Kansas CW More Meet The Team Contact Us Jobs Why Advertise With Us? LIN Digital DVD Request Mobile App Text Alerts Email Updates Live Search for: Search the site 33° F Overcast Hi: 35° F Lo: 34° F Topeka Police looking for south Topeka Walmart robbery suspects By Brian Dulle Published: January 10, 2017, 9:19 am Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) TOPEKA, Kan. (KSNT) – The Topeka Police Department are looking for two suspects Tuesday involved in a robbery at a south Topeka Walmart late Monday night. TPD says around 11:00 p.m. Monday, two Hispanic males walked out of the Walmart located at 1301 SW 37th with several unpaid items. Security at the store attempted to stop the suspects in the parking lot but one suspect pointed what looked to be a handgun at security. Police say the suspects continued through the lot and to the buildings to the east. Topeka Police are asking anyone with information to call 785-368-9491 or Crime Stoppers at 785*-234-0007. Share this: Click to print (Opens in new window) Click to email (Opens in new window) Share on Facebook (Opens in new window) Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) Like this: Like Loading... Related Related Posts Police looking for suspect following robbery at north Topeka auto parts store 2 arrested in Geary County for string of Mississippi pawn shop robberies and homicide Topeka police looking to ID suspect in recent bank robbery Slain Orlando officer was married mother, deeply committed to community Advertisement « Previous Story — Next Story » Please enable JavaScript to view the comments powered by Disqus. Leave a Reply Cancel reply Enter your comment here... Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: Email (required) (Address never made public) Name (required) Website You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( Log Out / Change ) You are commenting using your Google+ account. ( Log Out / Change ) Cancel Connecting to %s Notify me of new comments via email. Notify me of new posts via email. Advertisement Most Popular Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement KSNT News © 2000-2017 LIN Television Corporation, a Media General company. All rights reserved Powered by WordPress.com VIP Business Terms of Use Privacy Policy EEO Report FCC Public File (KSNT) FCC Public File (KTKA) FCC Public File (KTMJ) Children’s Programming (KSNT) Children’s Programming (KTKA) Children’s Programming (KTMJ) Partners Media General KSN.com Sections News Weather Features Video More Station Contact Us Report It Why Advertise With Us? Mobile Text Alerts Email Updates KSNT News Daily Email Follow Subscribe via RSS Follow us on Twitter Join us on Facebook Follow us on YouTube Follow us on Google+ Follow us on Pinterest Follow us on Instagram Advertisement Advertisement Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses! Email check failed, please try again Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. %d bloggers like this:
  Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Wires Home My Profile Logout Login Feedback DailyMail NEW ARTICLESHomeTop Share show ad The Latest: Reward shooting suspect raised to $100,000 By Associated Press Published: 14:58 EST, 10 January 2017 | Updated: 14:59 EST, 10 January 2017 e-mail ORLANDO, Fla. (AP) — The Latest on the fatal shooting of an Orlando police officer (all times local): 2:40 p.m. Authorities have increased the reward to $100,000 for information leading to the arrest of a suspect in the slaying of an Orlando police sergeant. Sarah Harvey says a prayer at a makeshift memorial, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., at the parking lot of a Wal-Mart where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Orlando Police Chief John Mina announced at a news conference on Tuesday that the reward is being raised from $60,000 to $100,000 for information leading to the arrest of 41-year-old Markeith Loyd. Authorities also said that arrests warrants are being prepared for people who may have helped Loyd elude deputies who have sought to question him in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was killed Monday after she approached Loyd in a store parking lot. The manhunt for Loyd entered a second day on Tuesday. Authorities say they have received 300 tips from the public. ___ 2:30 p.m. The suspect who is the focus of a manhunt for the slaying of an Orlando police sergeant has a criminal record going back two decades. Court records show 41-year-old Markeith Loyd was arrested in 1996 on a murder charge that was later dropped. Loyd was arrested for battery on an officer in 1998 and sentenced to more than four years in prison. While in prison he was detained on federal drug charges, pleaded guilty to cocaine possession and was transferred to federal prison. Records show Loyd was released in July 2014. Now Loyd is wanted for the fatal shooting of Master Sgt. Debra Clayton Monday morning, who approached him in a Wal-Mart parking lot for questioning in the murder of a pregnant ex-girlfriend. ___ 1:25 p.m. The Orlando police sergeant who was gunned down in a Wal-Mart parking lot was one of the first responders to a mass shooting at a gay nightclub. The Orlando Police Department on Tuesday confirmed that Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was one of the officers who responded to the shooting at Pulse in which 49 patrons were killed. Last June's massacre in Orlando was the worst mass shooting in modern U.S. history. Authorities say Clayton was gunned down Monday morning in a Wal-Mart parking lot after she approached a suspect who was wanted for questioning in the slaying last December of his pregnant girlfriend. A manhunt for suspect Markeith Loyd was in its second day on Tuesday. ___ 12:30 p.m. Orlando Police Chief John Mina says his agency is doing everything it can to catch a suspect wanted in the fatal shooting of a police sergeant. Mina said Tuesday that teams of detectives are following all leads and hundreds of officers and deputies are searching for suspect Markeith Loyd. Mina spoke in a video posted on the agency's Twitter page. Authorities say Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was gunned down Monday morning in a Wal-Mart parking lot after she approached Loyd, who was wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant girlfriend. Officers focused the manhunt on an apartment complex Monday afternoon, but no searches appeared to be going on there Tuesday morning. ___ 11 a.m. Shoppers are laying flowers, teddy bears and candles in the parking lot of a Wal-Mart store where an Orlando police sergeant was gunned down as she approached a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. More than two dozen bouquets were displayed Tuesday morning in the parking lot outside a Wal-Mart in northwest Orlando where Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was killed the day before. Shoppers stopped by to take photos or say a prayer. Shopper Hal Shore says in his opinion, Clayton's death is a reminder that there is a "war" against police officers in the United States. Law enforcement officers spent a second day searching for the suspect wanted in Clayton's murder. ___ 9:20 a.m. The patrol car of an Orlando police sergeant fatally shot outside a Wal-Mart store is being displayed in front of Orlando Police headquarters as scores of law enforcement officers spend a second day conducting a manhunt for the suspect in her shooting. Master Sgt. Debra Clayton's patrol SUV was parked Tuesday outside the agency's headquarters in downtown Orlando. The police department also started an online fund to raise money for her family. The manhunt for suspect Markeith Loyd entered its second day Tuesday. Clayton had approached Loyd outside the store after someone tipped her off that he was in the area. He was wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. ___ 4:25 a.m. Orlando's law enforcement community is mourning the death of two officers amid the search for a suspect. Authorities say Orlando Police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton was fatally shot Monday morning when she approached a fugitive wanted for questioning in the killing of his pregnant ex-girlfriend. More than two hours later, Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was killed when his motorcycle collided with a van as he was responding to a manhunt in search of the 41-year-old Markeith Loyd, the suspect in Clayton's shooting. Authorities say someone in a Wal-Mart store had tipped off the sergeant that Loyd was in the area. She was shot after she approached him outside the store. Loyd fled the area and a manhunt involving hundreds of law enforcement officers was conducted around an apartment complex in northwest Orlando. Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Friends and colleagues console each other after the body of an unidentified OCSO deputy was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed while responding to the fatal shooting of an Orlando Police officer in Orlando, Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Florida Highway Patrol Troopers secure the scene after Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was struck and killed by a vehicle in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in the crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Red Huber/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Law enforcement officers conduct a door-to-door search at an apartment complex in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and a second law enforcement officer was killed in a motorcycle crash while responding to the massive manhunt for the suspect. (Stephen M. Dowell/Orlando Sentinel via AP) Orange County sheriff deputies salute as the body of Orange County Sheriff's Office Deputy First Class Norman Lewis was transported from Orlando Regional Medical Center after the deputy was killed in the line of duty in Orlando, Fla., Monday, Jan. 9, 2017. An Orlando police sergeant was shot and killed Monday after approaching a suspect wanted for questioning in the murder of his pregnant ex-girlfriend, and Lewis was killed in a crash while responding to a manhunt for the suspect. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel via AP) An employee of Wal-Mart lights a candle at a makeshift memorial, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., at the parking lot where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect in the shooting. (AP Photo/John Raoux) A flag flies a half mast, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., in front of a Wal-Mart where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Flowers, teddy bears and other items are left at a makeshift memorial, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., at the parking lot of a Wal-Mart where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect in the shooting. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Shawn Bergquist places a bouquet of flowers at a makeshift memorial, Tuesday, Jan. 10, 2017, in Orlando, Fla., at the parking lot of a Wal-Mart where Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was shot and killed. A manhunt continues as law enforcement officials search for the suspect in the shooting. (AP Photo/John Raoux) Share or comment on this article e-mail Sorry we are not currently accepting comments on this article. Bing Site Web Enter search term: Search Like DailyMail Follow MailOnline Follow DailyMail +1 DailyMail     DON'T MISS 'It's a huge shock': Binky Felstead reveals she is expecting her first baby with on/off co-star Josh Patterson... but they're 'still not officially together' PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kourtney Kardashian, 37, wears a sheer bra for late-night rendezvous with former flame Justin Bieber, 22 'I was on the verge of a breakdown' : Olly Murs' mother reveals her heartache that son Ben has disowned the family over X Factor row Katy Perry debuts dramatic blonde dye-job as she surprise Orlando Bloom with a secret 40th birthday bash in Palm Springs Alesha Dixon showcases her stunning curves in a wet-look PVC mini dress as she presents Dance, Dance, Dance Scarlet siren! Myleene Klass flaunts her enviably toned figure in skimpy red bikini as she goes body-boarding during exotic family getaway in Sri Lanka Revenge body! Bella Hadid flaunts her model figure as she joins sister Gigi for boxing workout after ex The Weeknd hooks up with Selena Gomez 'Music success has nothing to do with weight!': Una Healy slams Tom Jones after he says former The Voice winner Leanne Mitchell should 'trim down' 'My best friend!': Billie Faiers shows off her burgeoning bump in a white bardot minidress... as sister Sam shares cute throwback snap of the pair as kids 'He's so proud of her': Danniella Westbrook set to appear on Loose Women with son Kai as she continues comeback following cocaine relapse Lewis Hamilton turns heads in bright yellow hoodie while arriving at LAX... as 'Valtteri Bottas' switch from Williams to Mercedes is set to be clarified' Paris Hilton flaunts her slender waist and endless legs in gold-embroidered LBD as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week  'Show us the chopper!': Chloe Ferry demands Jamie O'Hara flashes his manhood... as Kim Woodburn and James Cosmo blast her 'gross' behaviour 'I'm gutted with myself!': CBB's James Jordan apologises to Jamie O'Hara after 'mugging him off' by calling him a 'washed-up footballer' Blac Chyna only has eyes for Rob Kardashian as the couple pack on the PDA for a flight to NYC The pair looked besotted at JFK airport Sunday 'We didn't go out of our way to keep it secret': Katherine Kelly reveals she has given birth to a second child called Rose after keeping pregnancy under wraps Baby and me! Olivia Wilde snuggles her newborn protectively as she enjoys a brisk walk in frosty Brooklyn Daisy in tow for the Sunday stroll Elizabeth Hurley, 51, looks incredibly youthful in blue midi dress with cross-shoulder detail as she attends Milan Men's Fashion Week Have Ellen DeGeneres and wife Portia de Rossi found an Australian home? Talk show host and actress request an inspection of $5.8 million Victoria mansion  'I can't work out whether it's amazing, genius or the worst episode I've seen!': Sherlock fans go wild over 'gory' series finale  New John le Carre spy drama for TV: BBC to follow up success of The Night Manager with adaptation of The Spy Who Came In From The Cold  'I have literally nothing to hide': Fitspo star Kayla Itsines opens up about the benefits of her drink and drug-free lifestyle as she poses for stunning shoot in Vogue Australia Josie Gibson winces as she suffers a nasty fall during training for The Jump in Austria... as Eddie 'The Eagle' Edwards is 'AXED from disaster-prone show for voicing safety concerns 'I still have a hangover!' Rebecca Judd complains about her 'rough day' after partying at the Portsea Polo as she laments about returning to work  'You're a fat slob!': CBB's Kim Woodburn and James Jordan become embroiled in a furious row with the cleaner claiming 'no one can stomach him'  Married at last? Sonia Kruger, 51 sparks speculation she has wed long-term partner Craig McPherson after stepping out while sporting a ring on THAT finger Wet 'n' wild! Alessandra Ambrosio displays her flawless physique in very tiny black bikini as she enjoys a dip in the sea in Brazil PICTURE EXCLUSIVE Kristin Cavallari relaxes in a bikini as she hires a yacht to celebrate Jay Cutler's 30th With their three young children Getting pizza all over her frock, 'shooing away' a cocktail waitress and interrupting interviews: Nicole Kidman's 'bizarre behaviour' at the Golden Globes revealed One piece wonder! Kelly Bensimon, 49, flaunts her figure in sexy black one piece with hip side cutouts Proved you don't need a bikini to look sexy Tamara Ecclestone shares cute pictures of her daughter Sophia, 2, showing off her skiing skills before enjoying a pony ride in Gstaad Enjoying Switzerland Making a stellar appearance! Nicole Richie snuggles up in star-spangled unicorn onesie at pyjama party Held hands with rocker husband, Joel Madden Dressed down Kylie Jenner giggles as she enjoys a night out at a burger joint with boyfriend Tyga She's notan expensive date. A royal faux pas? The Crown's Matt Smith spotted smoking 'suspicious looking cigarette' outside a London pub while on a night out with pals  Moving Swift-ly on? Giggling Tom Hiddleston is spotted bidding farewell to a mystery brunette during evening stroll back in London 'Mariah's filled with regret over James': Carey has 'reached out' to ex-fiance Packer to help her brand recover after New Year's Eve lip-syncing saga Church time! Gwen Stefani is a model mum in plaid as she attends worship services with her three sons Headed to church in Los Angeles on Sunday 'She's finally happy again': Cassandra Thorburn is willing to forgive ex-husband Karl Stefanovic and move on following their high profile split Hidden Figures counts up $20.5 million as it holds on to top spot at the box office for a second weekend About mathematicians who helped NASA put John Glenn into space  The reality of Instagram! Pia Muehlenbeck's hilarious before and after shots reveal what REALLY happens when models try to take the perfect beach shot 'Pajama jammy jam!' Kourtney Kardashian cuddles up to Kim's bestie Chrissy Teigen at Cash Warren's star-studded PJ party 'I will be ok!' Priyanka Chopra updates fans after dangerous fall on Quantico set left her with concussion Left hospitalised after a nasty fall  'I left the hospital looking 5 months pregnant': Peta Murgatroyd says 'real life' means female bodies don't just shrink back into shape Former TOWIE star Abi Clarke flaunts her eye-popping assets as she goes braless in extreme plunging playsuit and thigh-highs on night out Kale salad followed by 23 Oreos and a tub of ice cream: Jackie 'O' Henderson pokes fun at her diet... after admitting she'd fallen 'off the wagon' She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere in sizzling belfies during romantic breakaway to Thailand 'There's a million different ways to please yourself, sexually': Fifty Shades Of Grey star Jamie Dorner says S&M doesn't 'float his boat' - but does admit to visiting a dungeon Going strong! Patrick Dempsey and longtime wife Jillian look in-sync as jet into Los Angeles...after calling off divorce  'She's like my wife!' Amanda Peet describes relationship with BFF Sarah Paulson as 'intense and visceral' after THAT Golden Globes red carpet kiss 'I don't want to be at the centre of attention': Amanda Seyfried opens up about her upcoming wedding to Thomas Sadoski as she stuns in Prada on the cover of Vogue Australia Shedding for the wedding? Bonnie Sveen reveals her dramatic slim-down amid rumours her boyfriend Nathan Gooley is ready to pop the question Ariana Grande showcases her slender pins in sexy Instagram to promote her Dangerous Woman Tour Sultry shot of herself donning a black unitard 'Fastest retirement in history': Steven Jacobs returns to Today's weather segment less than two months after departing to live in Vanuatu 'Back in action': Yolanda Hadid shares behind the scenes shot as she joins daughter Gigi on Tommy Hilfiger shoot 'Causing trouble with him': Louise Thompson flaunts her toned body in yet ANOTHER workout video with beau Ryan Libbey... as she claims she's gained weight on holiday 'If I don't get a husband after this...': Jessica Wright embodies Christina Aguilera in raunchy leather chaps on new show Dance Dance Dance Is the sun setting on Sam and Kochie? Sunrise co-host David Koch 'wants Armytage replaced with Edwina Bartholomew' as ratings battle with Today Show's Karl and Lisa heats up Always camera ready! Jennifer Lopez turns shopping trip into a modelling shoot as she poses against a wall   Jennifer Lopez doesn't do casual. 'A bit of graft and willpower': Vicky Pattison shows off her incredibly toned figure in a sexy orange bikini at health retreat in Portugal after vowing to lose 10lbs 2DayFM 'under fire' after it's revealed new 'Sydney' breakfast show will be broadcast from Melbourne after Sam Frost and Rove McManus get dumped Amanda Seyfried shows off her bump in a grey sweater on outing with fiancé Thomas Sadoski Confirmed her first pregnancy in November 'No greater blessing than family!' Ciara's boy supports stepdad Russell Wilson's team... while his birth father Future backs the other side She's back! Kim Kardashian is her old self again as she sits astride a buggy and poses with a falcon on Dubai modelling shoot 'They're speaking all the time': Blake Garvey has been a 'shoulder to cry on' for Sam Frost following Bachelorette's split from Sasha Mielczarek Bikini-clad Billie Lourd holds hands with Taylor Lautner on sunshine break after the death of mother Carrie Fisher Mourning her mother and grandmother They played in Chelsea! Frankie Bridge celebrates her 27th birthday with retired footballer husband Wayne  Tina Fey pays tribute to Carrie Fisher as she appears in hologram form on Saturday Night Live Admitted she was 'nervous' about the gig Three generations of Beckham! David returns to Old Trafford with son Cruz and dad Ted as the trio watch Manchester United take on Liverpool 'Of course it's f*****g good to challenge your audience!' Sherlock creator Mark Gatiss slams fans who find the show confusing... and tells them to 'go read a children's book' 'Pound Shop today Harrods tomorrow!' Katie Price wraps up in a cosy designer ensemble during cut-price weekend shopping trip Looking bootyful! Kim Kardashian shows off her shapely rear in a form fitting white dress She's officially back at work, with a whirlwind tour of Dubai. 'Spray tan lyfe!' Ashley Graham strips down to her bikini as she flaunts her freshly tanned figure The plus-size stunner is a positive body image activist Prince George 'WON'T attend the same school as his father as Kate and William opt for smaller, more discreet pre-prep closer to Kensington Palace'  So good it's criminal! Busty Lauren Goodger flaunts her hourglass curves in saucy selfie... after supporting violent rap song penned by jailbird boyfriend's brother Before she shot to fame: Nicola McLean totes rifle as teen army cadet in newly-unveiled snaps... as pal Maria Fowler insists Tom Williams won't leave her over CBB flirting It's Kueen Kim! Kardashian is treated to a dance display as she gets the royal welcome in Dubai Now she knows how Kate Middleton feels EXCLUSIVE! Jessica Cunningham 'pretended she was sick' in order to ditch an online chat show deal at the last minute to enter the Big Brother house PJ-clad Jessica Alba plays beer pong at husband Cash Warren's birthday bash Also included a clip of designer Rachel Zoe engaging in the  sport Louise Thompson shows off her toned and tanned body in ANOTHER sun-soaked bikini snap on  break with boyfriend Ryan Libbey 'You just don't feel sexy!' The Hills star Audrina Patridge dishes on her love life after birth of baby daughter Kirra Thrill seeker! Ariel Winter squeals with delight as she takes her niece to Disneyland on her sixth birthday She was treating her to a day out Very cheeky! Chloe Madeley flashes her round posterior in racy grey swimsuit as she shares saucy belfie Flaunted her toned physique  Bare-faced beauty! Chloe Moretz keeps it casual in ripped sweatshirt and leggings Actress proved she doesn't need make-up or fancy clothes Getting fruity! Mollie King larks around with a pair of oranges in a skimpy bikini showing off her tanned flat stomach on holiday in Jamaica 'She's evil!': Scotty T slams 'thick' Geordie Shore co-star Chloe Ferry... after she left viewers DISGUSTED with her raunchy CBB antics Beefcake in Milan! Paris Hilton cosies up to muscle-bound models at Plein Sport runway show The reality TV icon later DJed the Sesto Sento Club in Lonato Former Corrie actress Katie Redford lands a new role on Archers after being axed from soap for lying about her age Axed two years ago She's got a lot of cheek! Bikini clad Holly Hagan flaunts her perky derriere and ample assets in sizzling selfie during sun soaked trip to Thailand He doesn't do things by halves! Rocco Ritchie can't contain his laughter as he breaks his skateboard in two while out and about in London MIC's Nicola Hughes puts on a leggy display in a chic olive dress as she enjoys a night out on the town Fun for all the family! Vanessa Paradis and new boyfriend Samuel Benchetrit appear downcast as they take Lily Rose Depp for a day of shopping in Paris Some helping hands! Blac Chyna heads to the mall with TWO nannies to help look after son King Cairo and baby Dream 'You're a very handsome man, aren't you?' CBB's Chloe Ferry flirts up a storm with bemused Calum Best... and offers to flash her VAGINA to everyone Christina Milian flaunts her ample cleavage in a saucy ensemble as she parties with BFF Karrueche Tran Thigh-grazing latex mini skirt 'She is smitten': Amber Heard said to be besotted with billionaire Elon Musk... as she prepares for 'new chapter' following Johnny Depp divorce Booty and the beach! Shirtless Gaz Beadle gets VERY tactile with bikini-clad girlfriend Emma McVey as he cheekily gropes her bum during romantic Emirates break The Apprentice's Frances Bishop displays her endless curves and perky posterior in skimpy bikini during sun soaked break to Dubai  Suki Waterhouse flaunts her tanned and toned physique in a skimpy bikini as she jogs along the beach in Mexico Went for a run along the Mayan Riviera Scarlett Moffatt highlights her dramatically slimmed down frame in a plunging floral minidress after making appearance on Sunday Brunch Plaid to see you! Pregnant Natalie Portman covers her large baby bump in a stylish checked jacket as she goes for leisurely park stroll Actress Emily Watson insists middle-aged sexuality is 'ignored' as she takes on new role as a cheating mother in racy BBC thriller  X Factor winner Matt Terry gets a kiss from a male pal as he enjoys a night out... after revealing Freddy Parker is moving out of their bachelor pad Lindsay Lohan cuts a chic figure in a quirky dog print co-ord as she enjoys a night out with a male friend in Milan   She's currently holidaying in one of the world's most stylish cities It's Compl-Ex! Danielle Bux grabs lunch with former husband-turned pal Gary Lineker in LA as they continue their budding friendship... then joins new man Nate Greenwald for dinner Lily James cuts a concerned figure as she talks anxiously on the phone...after boyfriend Matt Smith is spotted 'smoking suspicious cigarette'  Scarlett Moffatt looks slimmer than ever in all black ensemble as she hits the town with mum Betty... after fans urged 'gaunt' star to stop losing weight Shock for Harry's girl: Meghan Markle's BROTHER is arrested and charged with holding a gun to a woman's head 'in row during late night drinking session at his flat' Prince William will give up his career as a helicopter pilot to become a full-time royal as Queen hands over duties Girls' shopping trip! Katie Holmes takes daughter Suri Cruise to children's clothing store in LA Spotted on Saturday enjoying a bit of weekend quality time Mariah Carey sports plunging LBD as she and toyboy Bryan Tanaka step out in London Displayed her figure in a form-fitting dress  Pretty in pink! Lindsay Lohan steps out in sexy silky ensemble in Milan The 30-year-old former wild-child was spotted looking pretty in pink as she left her hotel in Milan PICTURE EXCLUSIVE: Victoria Beckham wraps up in winter white polo neck as she enjoys girly day shopping with daughter Harper Back from the Maldives Sylvester Stallone's daughters Sophia, 20, and Sistine, 18, sizzles in coordinating black ensembles alongside their mother Jennifer at star-studded Dolce & Gabbana party Hunky dory: Hollywood heartthrobs Chris Hemsworth and Matt Damon catch up over dinner in LA with Chris' wife Elsa Pataky Blac Chyna in the red? Star threatened with lawsuit for $3million in 'unpaid fees' as 'longtime managers' claim she 'cut them out' of lucrative deals Gwen Stefani's ex-husband, Daisy Lowe's father, the singer from Bush, and now the coach contestants don't really want...Gavin Rossdale joins The Voice UK, by Jim Shelley Heard what James said? Pierce Brosnan looks stern during press conference... after chatshow host Corden labels him 'rudest' celebrity Sid Owen celebrates his 45th birthday by partying in London with pals including Jade Jones and Leigh Francis  Progress report! Justin Bieber checks in on protégé Madison Beer over dinner at trendy Catch LA BBC brands its OWN show 's**t' in awkward Twitter blunder as they retweet Let It Shine criticism  Danielle Lloyd snuggles up to fiancé Michael O'Neill on night out... as she admits to being a 'crazy b***h' after online trolls began targeting her when ex Jamie O'Hara entered CBB Why I never let Claudia Winkleman look in the mirror as a child: The Strictly host's mother EVE POLLARD says it's the best thing you can do for your daughters  'The day my world became complete': Stephanie Davis posts first adorable snap of baby boy... 'after revealing she'll name  son after stranger who chatted her up' 'Love on the sand': Photoshop enthusiast Natasha Oakley puts on a loved up display with beau Gilles Souteyrand  as she continues to holiday in the Caribbean Pajama party! Chrissy Teigen and John Legend rock ridiculous chicken themed onesies in hilarious snaps Georgia May Foote cosies up to new boyfriend George Alsford in a series of sunny snaps from romantic holiday Lisa Rinna, 53, sizzles in skintight leather trousers alongside her model daughter Delilah, 18, as they dine in LA 'Starting to see the results and it feels so good!' Jennifer Ellison reveals her slimmer physique after losing more than a stone in ONE month Actress Lily Collins: 'My famous surname made me work harder' Drummer's daughter was top of screen legend Warren Beatty's casting list for latest film 'Sometimes I can't breathe': Danielle Lloyd claims she has panic attacks and is 'too frightened' to leave the house due to trolling since ex Jamie O'Hara  appeared on CBB Bottoms up! Kirsten Dunst flaunts her toned pins and perky derriere in skintight denims as she hides her jaw-dropping engagement ring in LA 'When she's had a few drinks, she's crazy': CBB's Jamie O'Hara slams ex-wife Danielle Lloyd as he claims she's 'absolutely crackers' on a night out Eagle-eyed fans point out embarrassing EastEnders gaffe... as Mick Carter celebrates his 40th birthday on the WRONG date Fierce fashion instincts! Mandy Moore rocks chic animal print gown at Elle's Women in Television honors Pink throws daughter Willow Sage celebratory 'big sister party' as she lovingly cradles newborn son Jameson Moon Victoria Beckham 'takes legal action to block Spice Girls reunion'... as Geri Horner announces she's leaving GEM to focus on her family' 'It's nice to feel you've got support!' One Direction's Louis Tomlinson praises former bandmate Zayn Malik as he wins two nominations at 2017 BRIT Awards Spellbinding! Jessica Biel shows off her shapely legs in cut-out skirt as she attends premiere party for Just Add Magic EXCLUSIVE: ITV stalwarts Phillip Schofield and Holly Willoughby can't contain their laughter as they join glamorous Lorraine Kelly in new promo Kim Kardashian's former bodyguard breaks his silence on Paris robbery and says he's 'not avoiding anything' about the heist or WHY he was sacked 'I trained her like an athlete': Khloe Kardashian's trainer spills the secrets behind the star's enviable body - including countless squats, 'sled pushing' and intense boxing Beach bum! Instagram sensation Pia Muehlenbeck flaunts pert posterior and ample assets oceanside 'I wish R.I.P. meant Return If Possible': Celine Dion unveils powerful new a cappella song in tribute to late husband Rene one year after his death 'It's an uphill struggle': Sienna Miller reveals she hasn't filmed a movie for a year claiming there 'aren't many great roles for women' Run Daniel, run! James Bond star Craig makes a dash for it through the busy streets to make it to the New York Theater in time for his performance in Othello Make-up free Kate Hudson bundles up in all black with red cap as she steps out with Kurt Russell in Beverly Hills 'When you have a rare cappuccino': Ronan Keating's pregnant wife Storm sips on coffee as she heads into her third trimester in a matter of weeks 'Thanks Uncle Snoop!' Miley Cyrus poses by a marijuana bar at weed-themed birthday party for boyfriend Liam Hemsworth Lamar Odom says the first he knew of his near fatal drugs overdose was waking up to find Khloé Kardashian at his side in hospital Sneak peak interview 'Bringin' the 80's back!' Lauren Pope flaunts her pert derriere in sizzling neon swimsuit as she enjoys Dubai holiday with new Geordie Shore beau Aaron Chalmers Pregnant Billie Faiers displays her blossoming baby bump in black bikini after jetting to Dubai for her 27th birthday celebration Brad Pitt looks relaxed as he hangs out with Sting and Chris Cornell at star-studded EB disease benefit in Malibu 'Current mood': Naomi Watts shares flashack photo of herself as a bored schoolgirl in Brides of Christ as she complains about being on set past midnight  'You're in the wrong, just shut up!' Kim Woodburn throws EPIC tantrum after Geordie Shore's Chloe Ferry 'soaks' her by jumping into the CBB hot tub Move over sisters! Kendall Jenner steals the Kardashian spotlight with racy HEADLESS bikini selfie that forces followers to check out her body Orange you glad she came! Shailene Woodley sizzles in vibrant statement coat at star-studded Elle's Women in Television bash 'I heard nothing and saw everything!' Twitter goes wild as Roxanne Pallett's actor ex strips off to reveal his rippling muscles after making it through on Let It Shine Love is in the air! Matthew McConaughey looks casually cool in a stylish camel coat as he and wife Camilla Alves jet over to New York City 'She was her enemy': Elizabeth Taylor 'disliked' Sophia Loren as she feared the siren could steal love Richard Burton away, new book claims 'I'm gutted!': Emma Willis reveals disappointment over Austin Armacost's shock eviction from CBB... as show bosses face backlash for his awkward exit GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Is Sheridan Smith pregnant? The 35-year-old actress is seen regularly rubbing her stomach while singing Selena Gomez and The Weeknd's romance didn't break the friend code with Bella Hadid... because 'they're only acquaintances' GIRL ABOUT TOWN: Harry and Meghan are set to slope off for a romantic break... but poor old William may miss his Alpine adventure with Kate  'Grooming day!': Jenna Dewan Tatum shows off flawless make-up free face during futuristic-like skin session From Hollywood to Bollywood! Ruby Rose reveals she has ambitions to cut it in Asian market Classic colors! Reese Witherspoon and Nicole Kidman shine in black and white ensembles at Elle's Women in Television celebration 'HAPPY Z DAY'! Taylor Swift celebrates Zayn Malik's birthday by teasing their Fifty Shades Darker music video Spot the rock! Kate Mara sports a large ring glinting on her left hand as it emerges that she is engaged to Fantastic Four co-star Jamie Bell Another baby on the way! Jeff Goldblum, 64, is expecting second child with wife Emilie Livingston, 33 Announcement on Instagram 'They're giving things another go': Stevi Ritchie and Chloe-Jasmine Whichello 'are back together'... four months after calling off their engagement 'My babies': Blac Chyna cuddles up to her nine-week-old daughter Dream and four-year-old son King Cairo in sweet Instagram video Getting ready for Washington DC! Caitlyn Jenner grabs a coffee as she prepares for her appearance at Donald Trump's inauguration Well-dressed in coral Seeking comfort from her sister! Bella Hadid visits Gigi in snowy New York after her ex The Weeknd is spotted kissing Selena Gomez Knowles... Run The World! Sisters Beyonce and Solange go head-to-head as they compete for Best International Female Solo Artist 2017 BRIT Award Bit awkward? Little Mix's Perrie Edwards and ex-fiance Zayn Malik will battle it out for best British single at the 2017 BRIT Awards  Nominations announced Transgender singer Anohni bags nomination for Best British Female at 2017 BRIT Awards... eleven years after she was up for Best British Male White hot! Hailey Baldwin shows off her taut tummy wearing white mesh in stunning retro swimsuit shots Sultry in series of solo posts on Instagram Sofia Richie flaunts lace bra and washboard abs in coordinated tracksuit as she attends Moschino Milan fashion show with Paris Hilton Back in a skintight minidress! Kim Kardashian is curvy in a cream number as she continues touring Dubai after $1,600 makeup masterclass She's back! Mandy Moore returns as Rapunzel in new Tangled: Before Ever After trailer Back in the gym! Ashley Graham kicks off 2017 with workout clip as she keeps her generous curves in check after a month-long holiday Nicola McLean reveals she no longer wears her wedding ring after hubby Tom Williams cheated... while Danielle Lloyd continues their feud on Twitter Let's get cracking! James Jordan and Jedward cause chaos as they break into the main house and egg the kitchen on Celebrity Big Brother 'I did advise': Brian Blessed warned George Lucas about Jar Jar Binks when filming Phantom Menace... and insists Alec Guinness did not hate Star Wars Riding high in Dubai! Kim Kardashian goes for dune buggy ride then plays with a falcon during busy UAE trip Ditches mini for a black top and maroon slacks Get the kid a psychologist': Jeremy McConnell appears bleary eyed as he parties with pals in Thailand as ex Stephanie Davis gives birth to a son 'Working on the bumper!' Vogue Williams displays her peachy posterior in skimpy bodysuit as she continues to train for The Jump 'This is begging for a pun!' Fans get smutty as Katie Price shares snap of hairless cat Dobbi perching on her behind during EIGHTH bum lift  Let one take a selfie! Prince Andrew and ex-wife Sarah Ferguson send out VERY unusual royal thank you cards to well-wishers over Christmas  GIRL ABOUT TOWN: So Royals do carry cash - and wear on-trend trainers! Stylish Duke of Kent, 81, withdraws wads of £20 notes near his Kensington Palace home  Here we go again! Pregnant Geri Horner 'quits Spice Girls reunion and leaves the group for the second time to focus on her family'  Priorities changed Brooklyn Beckham's former flame Sonia Ben Ammar looks effortlessly stylish as she walks for Dolce & Gabbana alongside Sofia Richie at Milan Men's Fashion Week EXCLUSIVE: MIC's Lucy Watson shows off toned and tanned figure skimpy pink bikini as she hits the beach in Barbados with hunky boyfriend James Dunmore 'You're right it does look like a penis!' Cheeky chap Tom Hardy laughs about his phallic signature as he signs autographs at LAX 'Things have to change': Reese Witherspoon nearly breaks down in tears as she talks importance of representing women on screen 'We're very, very close friends': Nicole Kidman looks lovely in dusty rose dress as she discusses bond with fellow actress Reese Witherspoon Picture purr-fect! Bella Thorne shows off her perfectly toned flat midriff while posing with her cat in makeup-free Snapchat photo New mum Rebekah Vardy leaves hospital alongside her father after welcoming baby boy with England striker Jamie Vardy Picture of health Mad about plaid! Melissa McCarthy, 46, shows off thinner frame in bright pantsuit as she reacts to Gilmore Girls' shocking conclusion Channing Tatum and wife Jenna Dewan coordinate in baseball hats with jeans while running errands with daughter Everly, three The BBC treated Only Fools and Horses stars as 'poor relations', claims Del Boy David Jason as he reveals why he's returned to our screens at 76 Her favorite role! Cate Blanchett gets back to mom duty during break from Broadway's The Present as she's bundled up with her kids in NYC 'He will always be in our hearts': Celine Dion pays tribute to late husband on first anniversary of his death with video full of flashback photos Dakota Fanning returns to TV for upcoming period thriller The Alienist ...15 years after her last regular series role on the small screen 'Be who you are': Paris Hilton flashes side boob in daring dress while sharing inspiring message after being spotted with mystery man in Mexico Head Start to Home Cooked Get Recipes more SHARE PICTURE Copy link to paste in your message Back to top Home U.K. News Sports U.S. Showbiz Australia Femail Health Science Money Video Travel Columnists Sitemap Archive Video Archive Topics Index Mobile Apps Screensaver RSS Text-based site Reader Prints Our Papers Top of page Daily Mail Mail on Sunday This is Network This is Money Metro Jobsite Mail Travel Zoopla.co.uk Prime Location Published by Associated Newspapers Ltd Part of the Daily Mail, The Mail on Sunday & Metro Media Group © Associated Newspapers Ltd Contact us How to complain Advertise with us Contributors Work with Us Terms Privacy policy & cookies      
Planning a vacation? Check out the best travel deals and destinations News Breaking News Orlando police killer reward raised to $100,000; suspect still on run Caption Family, friends, and community celebrate the life of Debra Clayton Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Caption Family, friends, and community celebrate the life of Debra Clayton Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was remembered and celebrated at a three-hour funeral on Saturday, January 14, 2017. Caption Man arrested on charges of aiding suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. Zarghee Mayan was arrested after law enforcement said he helped suspected cop killer Markeith Loyd escape police following the murder of Loyd's pregnant ex-girlfriend, according to court documents. Caption First appearance of Jameis Slaughter and Lakensha Smith-Loyd Loyd's niece Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend Jameis Slaughter are each facing a charge of accessory to first-degree murder, records show. Loyd's niece Lakensha Smith-Loyd, and his ex-girlfriend Jameis Slaughter are each facing a charge of accessory to first-degree murder, records show. Caption Niece of Markeith Loyd arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Lakensha Loyd, niece of Markeith Loyd. was arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Lakensha Loyd, niece of Markeith Loyd. was arrested and charged with accessory to first-degree murder after the fact Caption Orlando mourns slain officers in candlelight vigil Bishop Kelvin Cobaris and Orlando commissioner Regina Hill lead a vigil  to honor the Orlando Police officer killed by an assailant at a Pine Hills Walmart, and an Orange deputy who was killed while responding to the OPD fatality, Tuesday, January 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) Bishop Kelvin Cobaris and Orlando commissioner Regina Hill lead a vigil  to honor the Orlando Police officer killed by an assailant at a Pine Hills Walmart, and an Orange deputy who was killed while responding to the OPD fatality, Tuesday, January 10, 2017. (Joe Burbank/Orlando Sentinel) By Stephanie Allen Staff Writer Suspect in cop killing remains elusive; funerals for victims planned. Privacy Policy The suspect in the fatal shooting of Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton remains elusive, even as hundreds of tips have come in and law enforcement from local, state and federal agencies work nonstop to find him. Officials are hoping a reward of $100,000 — increased from $60,000 on Monday — will be enough of a lure to help them capture Markeith Loyd, a felon who is accused of killing Clayton on Monday outside a Wal-Mart on Princeton Street at John Young Parkway. "We'll get him," Orlando Police Chief John Mina said Tuesday. "It's only a matter of time." PICTURE GALLERY: An Orlando police officer was shot on Princeton Street, just west of John Young Parkway. An Orange County deputy died in a traffic crash during the manhunt for the suspect. At a news conference with Mina and Orange County Sheriff Jerry Demings on Tuesday, Barb Bergin, the executive director of Crimeline, wanted to make one thing clear: If you provide information, you will not be identified, and anonymous callers are still eligible for the reward. "Please understand, when we say anonymous, they are truly anonymous," Bergin said. "We will not identify you. We just need to know where he's at so that no one else is hurt." More than 300 tips have come in since the Monday morning shooting, Bergin said. In a typical month, the crime line usually gets 1,000. Two tips led law-enforcement officers and SWAT members to south Lake County on Tuesday. Markeith Loyd's Facebook Live video talks about killing cops David Harris Broadcast on Facebook Live on Nov. 4, Sade Dixon and Markeith Loyd sat in their car during a traffic stop when the conversation turned to killing cops and to his driving. "Go ahead and kill him, babe, so we can get home faster," Dixon said, apparently joking about the officer. "Then we ain't never... Broadcast on Facebook Live on Nov. 4, Sade Dixon and Markeith Loyd sat in their car during a traffic stop when the conversation turned to killing cops and to his driving. "Go ahead and kill him, babe, so we can get home faster," Dixon said, apparently joking about the officer. "Then we ain't never... (David Harris) Orange County sheriff's deputies and SWAT members conducted a knock-and-talk early Tuesday at a residence in the Tradd's Landing neighborhood on U.S. 27, south of Clermont. The woman at the residence consented to a full search of her property with SWAT. Loyd was not there. "The neighborhood [was] saturated with undercover officers" for several hours, said Lt. John Herrell, a spokesman for the Sheriff's office. On Tuesday evening, law enforcement searched a house in the Groveland area, just west of Clermont, with that owner's consent. Again, there was no sign of Loyd. Funerals are being planned for Clayton and Orange County Sheriff's Deputy Norman Lewis, who died in a crash just two hours after Clayton was shot while he was responding to the incident. Orlando Police Department officer killed in line of duty A flag-covered coffin being loaded into the back of a van at Orlando Regional Medical Center. Courtesy @orlandopolice.   A flag-covered coffin being loaded into the back of a van at Orlando Regional Medical Center. Courtesy @orlandopolice.   See more videos The funeral for Lewis, 35, an 11-year-veteran, is 11 a.m. Friday at First Baptist Church of Orlando. Clayton's funeral service is at 2 p.m. Saturday at the same church. A GoFundMe page has been set up for Clayton's family, police confirmed. By Tuesday evening, the fund had raised more than $20,000. Authorities have been searching for Loyd, 41, since Dec. 13, when his pregnant ex-girlfriend, 24-year-old Sade Dixon, was shot and killed on her doorstep. Loyd also is accused of shooting and injuring Dixon's brother when he ran to help her. "There have been times when we just missed him," Demings said. Deputy Norman Lewis: Ex-UCF football player killed in Orlando manhunt Shannon Green Even before the identity of the fallen Orlando deputy sheriff was made public, Doug Gabriel instinctively knew it was his close friend and former UCF football teammate Norman Lewis. "Getting word that the officer that was hit was a big, gentle giant ... the only big, gentle giant officer we knew... Even before the identity of the fallen Orlando deputy sheriff was made public, Doug Gabriel instinctively knew it was his close friend and former UCF football teammate Norman Lewis. "Getting word that the officer that was hit was a big, gentle giant ... the only big, gentle giant officer we knew... (Shannon Green) In a Facebook Live video posted on Loyd's page on Nov. 4 — a little more than a month before Dixon was shot and killed — Loyd and Dixon talk about killing cops during a traffic stop. "Go ahead and kill him, babe, so we can get home faster," Dixon said. On Monday, Clayton was in Wal-Mart about 7:15 a.m. when a shopper flagged her down and told her Loyd was in the store. Clayton, 42, called for backup to the store and then spotted Loyd. She started chasing him and yelled for him to "stop," but instead, the felon opened fire, Mina said. Slain Orlando police officer Debra Clayton was 'an angel,' friend says David Harris Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton didn't have to stay at her friend's house for two days to take care of her after surgery. She was not expected to spend countless hours volunteering with kids in the "dragon boat" program or at community forums calling for an end to the violence. The 17-year... Orlando police Master Sgt. Debra Clayton didn't have to stay at her friend's house for two days to take care of her after surgery. She was not expected to spend countless hours volunteering with kids in the "dragon boat" program or at community forums calling for an end to the violence. The 17-year... (David Harris) On Tuesday afternoon, Mina said Clayton did the right thing. "This whole incident happened within seconds," Mina said. "I think she's a hero. She did a phenomenal job. I wouldn't have done anything differently myself." Loyd fled after the shooting but was soon spotted by an Orange County sheriff's deputy near Pine Hills Road and North Lane, officials said. Loyd fired at least once at the deputy, striking his cruiser, and then carjacked a woman and sped away, according to police. He eventually ditched the car at an apartment complex off Cinderlane Parkway in the Rosemont area of Orlando. That complex, where police focused their search efforts most of Monday, was mostly quiet and empty Tuesday afternoon. Maintenance crews were seen repairing boarded-up doors and windows that had been damaged by a SWAT team. An armed security guard was thwarting media attempts to get on the property. Manhunt continues for suspected police killer Markeith Loyd The manhunt continues Wednesday for suspected police killer Markeith Loyd. The manhunt continues Wednesday for suspected police killer Markeith Loyd. See more videos One resident, who only wanted to be identified as Mike, sat in the doorway of his first-floor apartment saying he needed to air it out because police used tear gas after forcing their way inside. He said he left home Monday shortly after the SWAT team descend on the complex and came back hours later to find his door was one of more than a handful that had been boarded up. The frame was busted and Orlando fire crews were called to his unit Tuesday morning after the gas smell made a maintenance man dizzy. Mike said he never gave police permission to go inside -- or break his door -- but found a copy of a search warrant inside that mentioned Loyd was seen walking past the door. "I don't know where this cat is," Mike said. "I just want my house fixed back up." Detectives also are looking for people who have helped Loyd elude law enforcement and they're "fairly certain" they've identified a few, Demings said. As the search for Loyd continues, Mina said that if anyone sees a large police presence, they should avoid it. He would not say what areas officers are focusing on or if investigators think Loyd is still in Central Florida. "We want the community to know it's safe to go about their day-to-day activities," Mina said at the news conference. Ryan Gillespie, David Harris, Jason Ruiter and Kate Santich contributed to this report. sallen@orlandosentinel.com or 407-420-5417 Copyright © 2017, Orlando Sentinel Homicide Crime Markeith Loyd Debra Clayton Orange County Reward for Markeith Loyd raised to $100,000 Markeith Loyd Ex-boyfriend sought in shooting death of pregnant woman All Sections News Sports Business Classified Entertainment Travel Obituaries 65°
